Shake shakes body moves in slow spasmes with mucles. Leg and arm muscles strain and pull slow the arms and legs that sway back and fort and over the ground arond and  around slow and steady. The slow hits and soft touching of body against the steel bars bangs a slow and deep pain through body.   

A slow moans feel to vibrate with the stiff pings of slow dull pain hit with the slow motion jerks and spams of Shake.   

Shake hears long tones that rise and fall as slow as the sun rises and the sun falls. 

Red, blue, green, ping lines spread and blur like water dripping on paint. Slow linguring smells of feces and urine spread heavy and hollow from head to chest stop st omach with  holding slow moving legs and trembles on floor of cage hanging above the dwarven city. Streaks of light lines expand and contract as Shake shivers against the cold bars. His urine and blood soaked cloths stick and peel and leave an endless suction.

A deep, rough, poetic voice says,''AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRE YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKEEEEEEEEEEEE?''

Streaks of light paint and smear black. The lights blind then dim then fade to a shine to blind and seep then poke and prick eyes like a needle slowly sliding into eyeball. 

A high long tone burning from the throat and lungs of shake fades after a Cycle time.

Then darkness numbs body and mind to nothing.

,,Shack?'' says a quick, thick, voice. ''Shack.''

Deep thumps of pain span from arms and legs over Shake's body.

Shake lay stuck to the bottom of steel cage. Hair peel from floor and pulls from head leaving a sweat and grease lines.  Torn cloths hanging and stuck to skin as deep cold feels to freeze Shake's body. Then like shattered ice, his body breaks and spreads over the follor feeling like a million little pieces.

''Shake,'' says a rough and slow voice. 

Cold water splashes over Shake's body pulling his body back together. 

Shake feels a hand slapping his face. He blinks away the dark ness to see a big furry face blurred before his sight.

Shake's lips peel a part and dry thraots scratches the words. ,,Where?''

Shake feel spinning then feels to fall and hit, sway. The lights streak. ,,Grun. Grun,'' says the voice. Then the voice slows and the throb of pain slows with the tone of, ,,YYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUU AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRREEEEE SSSSSSSSSSPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDDDDD SSSSSSSSSSSSSIIIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKK.''

Then darknes as shakes body ceases, freezes then slowly quivers and jerks against the bars and floor all in the darkness of pain and darkness.

Fast and slow, Shake hears between spans of speed and with blurrs and still shots, Hern sitting on stoll reading from a book. His thick dwarvish accent ticking through common. As the words are spoke, shapes from in mind.

Hern reads dwarvish books causing small lines to trace and create a flame, a tornado, snow flake, a feeling of sliding.

Herns sleeps in stool.

Shake feels and sees all fast and slow.

Shake cries, sleeps and shakes hitting bars over and over again until the arms and legs cradle and hold body into a fetal position shiver, shaking and quaking into pieces and a whole...

Body shits and piss, pukes and gags. 

,,Shake,'' says deep, rough, poetic voice. ''Shake. It is Hern, Shake.''

Shake's eyes peel and pop open.

BRIGHT LIGHT SHINES.

,,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH,'' screams Shake. ''TURN IT OFF.'' He slams and presses hands against ears stopping the pain.

A hand grabs and pulls Shakes and Hern's voice says, ,,Shake. Shake, you need water, food.''

Shake shivers and pulls hands from over ears into a weave of arms and legs. He pulls his jaw. Jaw pops.

''Careful shake,'' says Hern. His robe sways and glides over puddles of piss and puke.  ''Slow.'' His red robe speads over the stained steel floor of the cage. His long white beard hovers above  a puddle of urine. His red nose sniff and wiggles. His hand lowers a steel plate.

Lamb, butter and potatoes steam and spread through the stench of feces and piss.

Another dwarf carrying a mob steps near Shake as Shake shivers in the corner. The mob cleans the urine and feces and leaves a train of sage.

Sage fumes, and Shake inhales sage and mint.

The pulsing pain in Shake's head sooths. 

The mod and the dwarf wearing a hide blanket with arms step around the cell until the fool shines and as Sage holds
plate near the shivering Shake.

,,Eat, Shake,'' says Hern in a soft soothing voice that calms Shakes jumping and vibrating. ''Drink.'' He sets a mug.

,,Where am I?'' says Shake.

Hern puts the plate before Shake and sits. He pushes back his glasses. We are in a cage above the city. You,' He crossses legs with a grunt. ''You are in the state of withdrawls from the many spells and potions of haste.'' 

Shake pulls aport limbs from his tied fetal position to lay supine against teh bars of the cage. He peers around the cage.

Steel bars span from a steel base to a steel roof twice the span of spear and twice as wide and long. An open door leads to a platform with a stool and steel narrow walk way hanging from chains disappearing into the darkness. Cages and rooms ordered in columns and rows between steel walk way surround and hide the relief lines of colors draw along the distant walls created a mural of a dwarves and creatures climbing to a moutnain top.

,,Shake,'' says Hern. ''You are in a cell for theft and to remove that poison from you body and from your mind.'' He points finger and touches Shakes forehead like a butten. Then he wiggles finger from the mug and plate and says, ''Eat and drink now while you can.''

,,Why.'' Shake pushes himself from the ground. His hollow body burns dry. His stomach quivers. He grabs the mug. ''What's  this?'' 
 
,,Water,'' says Hern. ''Please drink?'' 
 
Shake quivers. He lifts the mug and sips water.

A wet cold spread from his body. He drinks and drinks and drinks as water pours along the sides of his mouth and down his neck.

,,Shake, Slow,'' says Hern.

Shake drink and drinks as the mug never stops pouring water from the mug.

His stomach quivers and convulses.

Shake pukes water through the bars and coughs.

Water sprays through bars then falls from above like endless rain.

Hern snaps fingers and the water disappears and the rain fall stops. ,,Slow. Drink slow.''

Shake lifts up cup and says over the rim. ,,Steel cage for sick. Sick with writhdrawls.'' He mummbles treat me like an animal.'' He drinks slow stopping body from the desire to gourge.

Hern inhales and slowly exhales. He fluffs his cloak fuming sage bring calm. ,,The strength of bars and the pain of the bars when you are in motion help teach your body to slow and teach it control with the pain.''

Shake lowers the mug and wipes mouth with forearm. He burps and swallows pile and water back down. He peers through slite between eyelids. He peers at Hern's eyes nestled between Hern's round hairy  cheeks. ,,How long?''

,,Ten rotations,'' says Hern.

,,Ten!'' says Shake. ''Ten?''

Hern says, ,,Yes,'' and nods at the plate. ''Eat shake. Eat before the motion returns and you lost control of your body.''

,,Not hungry.'' Shake covers his stomach with arms as the stomach turns and burns.

,,Eat,'' says Hern.

,,Where's the others of the pack?'' says Shake. He grabs a piece of lamb and stands. His quivering jaw bits and jaws. Pile fills his mouth and stomach quivers. He chews.

,,Serving their self inflicted sentences for their crimes,'' says Hern. Hern stares at Sake. "Eat.''

,,Not hungry?'' says Shake as he grasps and clamps hand on shoulders. ''Hollow. Like an empty bit that keeps falling.''

,,Eat,'' say Hern. ''Eat while your body is still and can digest. It will. You can.''

Shake reaches and grabs, scoops some potatoes with fingers and shoves it in mouth. He mouth gorges with saliva and a rush of hunger pains sooths as tongue and throat swallow as hand shovels the potates into stomach. 

Shake eats and drinks then says, ,,More.'' Body feast and stomach cools. Shake peers at Hern. ''More.''

,,No,'' says Hern. ''No for now. If you eat too much. When your body slows or speeds as it withdrawls from the your body and magic, you could choke on food or vomit.''

,,How many time you clean the cell?'' says Shake.

,,Twice a day,'' says Hern. Hern stands with a soft groan. He lifts a tug of rope and looks at the stained base. 

Shake sit and leans back against bars.

He peers along the cages and the walk way finding a path through the maze that leads to lines of red and blue. He glances throught the darkness seeing the rooms and shapes outlined with red and blue. He stares at everything following the chains to the darkness and juding the space and rows and order of the hanging cells. He stares at    Hern.

Hern nods and walk to the open bar door and sits on stool. He leans back against bars.

,,Why you here?'' say Shake. He looks at the door and peers ate the holds near five bolts flush with edge from a steel blante as thick as the lenght of Shakes pinky.

,,Concern.'' Hern lifts back and pushes back glasses as he glances at Shake, winks, ''And punishment,'' then relaxes back agains the bars.

Shake sits and glances with a peer at the bars as his thump with a span as wide as his neck; slides hand through bars and feeling the floor and its thicking ness near the width of parchment; knocks on the bars and steel floor and hears no vibration. He puls and pushes on bars.

Hern lets out a long inhale and open a book and sits on stool outside door of the cell. ,,We have books.''

,,Pillows,'' says Hern.

,,Won't help the withdrawls,'' says hern with back turned and eyes reading book.

,,Feel fine.'' Shake stands and flexes small, sore, muscles. 

Elbow pops.

Shake jumps and rubs elbows. He walks to the door.

,,How much more time?'' say Shake.

,,Forty-six rotations,'' says Hern while starring at his book.

,,Forty-six, forty-six, forty-six...'' says Shake to a mumble then silence.

Shake stands, sits, lays and crotches. He kneels near the bars pressing head top between to bars as he stares and traces the oulines of relief line glowing along the edges of the buildings carved from the rock and the shapes of the domes.

A whiff of smoke, scents and incense and a gust of urine blow past and to the darkness.

The Rose Dome glows a distance creating the illusion that Shake can reach and grab it.

Shake reaches for Rose Dome then grabs the bars and pulls body to a stand with a tremor and quickver of bicep then shoulder.

Shake turns.

The world twists slow and long as thoughts and actions see bars, lights, dark and Hern begin to stand as slow as thick syrup drips.

Shake watches Hern move as fast and lighting into the cage. He feel the quivers and tremors of bicep pulse and quiver a slow wave. 

He shouts in mind and the shout echoes as two blurs of dwarves race into the cages.

A slow screames fills the cage, but doesn't leave the bars as Shakes head wips and shakes and nods with body spasming over the steel cage floor.

Darkness is all that is seens. Slow waves of pain peaking through life times of agony fill Shake's awares state between instances and enternities.

Shake watches Hern move as fast and lighting into the cage. He feel the quivers and tremors of bicep pulse and quiver a slow wave. 

He shouts in mind and the shout echoes as two blurs of dwarves race into the cages.

A slow screames fills the cage, but doesn't leave the bars as Shakes head wips and shakes and nods with body spasming over the steel cage floor.

Darkness is all that is seens. Slow waves of pain peaking through life times of agony fill Shake's mind during instances and eternities.

The eternity stops with a scream and coughing of Shake.

Shake here's slow, ,,SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKKKEEEEEEEE.'' With a snap, Grun hold shakes against the bars and screams, ,,DRING, DRING, DRING NOW!''

A tube is shoved in Shakes mouth and water sprays from mouth.

,,SSSSSSSSHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKEEEEEE,'' says Hern's voice from the dark. ''Shake.''

Shake open eyes to see pile and water spread flow from mouth. 

,,Hold it in, Shake,'' Shake Hern.

Grun holds Shake's shuttering body. ,,Dring. Force body. Dring.''

Time slows. Blurred relief lines paint black. Darkness flows with numb timeless state until Hern's voice echoes to a talk. 

,,Shake,'' says Hern. 

Shake pulls apart lips and exhales a faint whisper of, ,,Yes.''

,,Shake,'' says Hern as he kneel. "Drink, Shake.''

,,Where, when am I?'' says Shake. 

,,You are recoving from Speed addiction. You have been withdrawing from addiction for twenty cycles,'' says Hern. ''You need to eat.''

Shake feels nothing, sees nothing, thinks nothing.





