Guide leaves, and  Jan is a tree.

The pack is following a goblinkin caravan to the Rise.

The caravan rolls along the long road and though the trees and shallow swamp between the walkways and house and building. The carvan rolls by soldiers and tents and wood wagons surround by goblinkin soldiers with short swords and small shields. The carvan is pulled by ox-goblins and lead by the farmer-warriors.

Kirra and Flare lead the carvan staring into the sun then their shadows.

Guile, Myst, Minst, Shake sit on the back of a wagon with three farmers wounded by the explosion.

Minst, Guile and Shake sleep.

Myst prays.

William and  Spear walk behind.

The sun rises and the shadows shrink.

William and Spear sleep on the pack of wagon.

No words or sounds are passed.

Bodies bounce and shake on sacks of root and swamp weed sacks.

The shake settles as the wheels roll to a stop.

Ox-goblins bluster and moan deep and long as they lay. Sacks of root and swamp weeds are opened and poured empty before the ox-goblins.

The farmer-warriors walk and drag feet over roads to the backs of carts, lay then sleep.

Kirra and Flare walk to the side of road and sit.

Kirra sleeps. Kirra cries silent not sniffing or wipeing tears from eyes.

Flare sleeps.

Club torches and staff torches extinguish.

The caravan sleeps.

A few farmer warriors walk along the cavern.

The pack sleeps through the night.

They wake during the rise..

Kirra wakes first. Rays of sunshine brighten her mind.

A image of Jan is caster through her mind.

Kirra feels Jan around her.

A cloud covers the rays of the rise, and Jan's feeling fades around Kirra.

Kirra wakes sitting in a slump. She stands and stretches, steps silent over the gravel road.

Flare wakes with Kirra laying on the ground with chainmail impressions along arm. Her small shield is strapped to foreamr and leaning on the ground and her shoulers.

The both look into the sun.

The sun shines on hte shiny dark green skin of the ox-goblins.

Ox-goblins buster and legs kick and stumble to at stand. Snours with two fagns from lower jaw tear open the bag of root andswamp weed sack. The ox-goblins chews with molars on the pack. Thick ponted teeth round the jaw.

Suns shines and farmer-warriors feel the light then see the light. They eat root and swamp root. They stretch and inspect the wagons and loads.

A song begins the day for Myst for a song begins after the clouds cover the Rise rays from shining upon her. Low notes spread bass through mind to find a slow maon beat.

William, Minst, Shake and Guile hear the song in Myst's mind with several pitches.

The songs wakes to the cold, and the swamp.

Spear feels the cold and the swamp. He rolls to a stand and strides to road's edge. 

The swamp's's thicks trees no taller than the road spread their bend branches to form a dome. Roots rise and lower through swamp water spread over mud and swamp weed mounds. Bugs chirp and buzz. A frog croaks.

Spear's body slowly shifts. His arms lock and slide like a human.

A crowl rowls through the trees.

Shake jerks away. The song of Reighn silences and his hear beats fast. Then everything slows. Time ticks between his own beats. The wagons shakes with Shake's jerking wake. Shake hears William wake.

Wiliam's wakes with s jerk shitfting armor and creating a scrape the wakes two of the wounded farmer-warriors. LInes of pain sting over skin where armor edges pressedagainst skin.

William pushes hand through his matted, ratted hair. ,,I must be sigh.'' He moans.

Myst smiles with eyes closed as the moan of William plays with her song. ,,A good song for you to begin the day,'' she says.

,,A new rise?'' says William.

,,Where are we?'' yawns Minst. He touches spine of spell book and grabs his pack to feel the goblin spellbook. ''What can we eat?''

,,Where are we going?'' says William as he puts back to the wagon. ''I don't know.''

Shake hears the talk slow and long. For what feels like many sun rises, Shake is paused during time. 

,,What's wrong with Shake?'' says Minst.

,,Speed,'' says Myst.

,,Where's the vial?'' says Minst. He looks at William. ''Are you going to take it, William?''

,,No,'' says William as he pushes to edge of wagon to stand and walk, stretch and stand by Spear.

Minst and myst watch William leave.

Guile sleeps.

Shake is froze during time.

Myst opens eyelids to see the cloud dim dawn. ,,Where are you going?'' she says.

,,I don't know,'' says Minst. He pulls goblinspell book from pack and open it on lap then reads.

Myst glance ot William and Spear then with help of one of the three wounded farmer-warriors check the broken leg and cuts and scratches.

Wiliam and Spear stand and look through the swamp.

,,Where are we going?'' says William.

,,To the rise,'' says Spear. He glances at William then peers through the swamp. ''To our fate.''

,,Fate,'' says William. William stares. ''Is this caravan riding to Fate.''

,,Yes,'' says Spear.

William feels joy and smiles.

Ox-goblins blusters, and poop blobs behind Spear and William.

Wiliam smiles. ,,That sound releaving.''

Spear looks along carvan. ,,I need to releave.''

,,If that's our fate,'' says William.

Spear pulls off around Blue's armor and squats, poops, starring trhough the swamp.

William walks aling the road and wagon train. 

A few farmer warriors nos and raise a hand as William passes. 

William raise a hand and walks on along the wagons, the ox-goblins and through the smell of root and swamp weed. 

The clouds float over the sky blowing toward the rise. 

Flashes of rays shine through the parts between clouds.

Kirra stares at the clouds float across feeling Jan, but feeling then hearing the loud steps of William.

,,Where are we going?'' says William.

,,Along the road,'' says Kirra. 

,,Flare, Where does this carvan roll?'' says William. He walks to stand near Kirra with and on sword hild, guantlet on hip and stands spread starring the same point as Kirra.

,,Port,'' says Flare. ''Goblin Port.''

,,Is goblins port to the rise?'' says William.

,,Yes,'' says Flare. Flare walks to William. ''I will take you anywhere.''

,,To Jan,'' says Kirra. She looks at Flare. ''I want to be taken to Jan.''

,,Jan is a tree in this forest of the swamp,'' says Flare. ''I can't find Jan.''

,,Are you with Blue?'' says William.

,,Blue is.'' Flare looks at William. ''I am with the shaman.''

,,The shaman,'' says William. He steps from stance and turns to look at Flare. ''Spear. The shaman.'' He looks at Spear at the end of the wagon train.

Spear squats and poops on the side of the road. 

Along the road, farmer-warriors throw open weed sacks on back of wagons. The farmwarrios pet and talk with the ox-goblins. They talk and stare to the Rise.

,,The shamans,'' says William. He grins and pivots head. ''Does the shaman need to give orders where we go?''

Flare stands. She looks at Kirra. 

Kirra walks to the Rise.

William hollers from the fronto of the wagon train, ,,MINST.''

Minst reads his spell book.

''MINTS!''

,,Minst,'' Myst says. 

Minst looks from goblins spellbook to Myst. ,,Yes.''

,,MINST. MAP.'' say sWilliam louds.

,,Map,'' says Minst. ''MAP.'' Minst puts goblins spell book in pack and pulls scroll form dagger scabbard hilt. ''Map.'' He smiles at Myst and walks to William.

Myst says before she begins to hum. ,,Try to know our path from William if our path is know.''

Shake hears the words from Myst as time snaps like a bow string into the time line. Body vibrates forward and is taut on ground. Shake stands and stumbles and looks at Myst. 

Myst doesn't look at Shake, but humm her song and presses warm and upon the broken leg.

Minst hears and stops and says, ,,Do you want to come along as I talk with William-''

,,Yes,'' says Shake feeling the words feel to echo in a hollow mind.

Minst and Shake walk to along. Shake mumbles, ,,Try to know a path if our is known. Try to...show.'' A dull ache numbs thought then Minst asks a question.

,,What of KlackClock, H Glick Hick Thack and GitThutFlikUmtStah?'' says Minst.

Shake looks back then forward. ,,Don't know... Dead.''

They walk to William with only the noise of feet pressing gravel on gravel.

,,Minst,'' says William. ''Minst, pleas, I need that map you have drawn.''

Minst holds the scroll paper before William. 

,,Thank you, Minst.'' William takes the paper and holds it to toward the rising sun. ''Flare, at the top of the map is to the Rise.'' He looks at Flare.

Flare and William look at each other.

Flare says, ,,The city is Goblin Port. The port.''

Two ox-goblins lurge and jerk a the first wagon.

Minst points to the tower drawing in the middle of the city. ,,And what's that.''

,,A tower,'' says Flare.

,,Do you know anything of of the tower, Flare,'' says William.

,,It is dark. It is closed,'' says Flare. ''I journey only to the tranfer dock to the port.''

,,The port,'' says Shake. ''What of this port? Goblins port? Why is it a port? Is it a port to the desert?''

Wiliam and Kirra look at Flare.

Spear stands and puts blue amor ver the Rose Pack Armor feeling Flare.

He sees Flare and Shake.

Shake throws arms up, shakes head, looks to sky, ''Where are KlackClock, H Glick Hick Thack and GitThutFlikUmtStah?''

,,What of KlackClock, H Glick Hick Thack and GitThutFlikUmtStah?'' says Minst.

Shake opens eyes wide. ,,Why are we going along like nothing happened to Jan!'' Shake peers at Kirra. ''Where's Jan? Where'd she go? She blow to dust again and become a tree?''

,,Yes,'' says Flare.

,,Yes,'' says Shake. ''Yes.''' A tear wells in eye. ''Well, is she returning? Will she live?'' He Steps close to Flare and squint to a peer. ''A tree? Really? And you're a follow of Blue, too? I don't.''

,,Shake,'' says William.

,,I don't,'' says Shake looking at William.

,,Calm, Shake,'' sayw William. 

,,I don't trust this and that. Why,''

,,Shake!'' William says clenching fist. He lifts guantlet fist and feels rage pump.

Then Shake freeze between time.

Kirra grabs William's fist. ,,Sing,'' She says as she pushees fist down and walk to Spear while hiding tear that only Minst sees.

Minst looks at William. William steps, shakes head and walks to the rise.

Minst walks to the Set.

The wogons jerk as the ox-goblins learch. One by one the wagon train mover.

Ox-goblin bluster and snort. A clakc moan spreads form ox-goblin to ox-goblin.

The farmer warriors click loud. 

The ox-move the wagons.

The last wagon jerks.

Guile wakes. The mazes of minds of the map of sounds of clicks and clack and gobinkin emotions. ,,We move.'' 

Myst slows hym and nearly sings. ,,To the rise.''

,,Where is...'' Guile yawns and grabs his stomach and hold in a heavy weght flaoting around. ''I need to.''

Guile steps and stumps and pulls pack with one arm.

The pack falls to ground.

Guile squats and throws of robe of Reighn. He pulls down pants and poops pees.

the wagon slowly rolls away through gravel.

Minst walks to Spear.

Spear says, ,,Where we moving?''

Minst walks past, ,,To the tower on the map. A place called. Goblin Port.''

,,Goblins Port?'' says Spear.

,,Goblins Port,'' says Minst as he walk toward the Set to Guile.

Guile stands and pulls rope over. ''Where are we going?'' says Guile.

,,Goblin Port.'' says Minst.

,,How my rises?'' says Guile.

,,Rise?'' says Minst. ''I don't know.'' Minst steps to the rolling wagons.

,,HOW MUCH TIME?'' hollers Minst. 

The sound of shout fade under the volume of smashing gravel, squeaking wheels, blustering ox-goblin. 

William walks to the set. 

Flare follows William.

Shake stands on the road froze betwen time as the wagon train passes.

Kirra walks to the edge of the road and stares into the trees of the swamp.

,,HOW MUCH TIME TO GOBLIN PORT?''

The farmer-warriors looks back. The brows squeeze and furl.

Spear hears Minst.

A farmer-warrior says to Spear as the pass. ,,30 Cycles.''

Spear looks at the farmer warrior and raises hand.

The farmer=goblin raises hand.

Spear hollers loud for all to hear, ,,THIRTY CYCLES.''

The wagon train rolls to the rise through the light and night sky. The wagon train stope during the set. Root and swamp root is ate. The farmers sleep. The wagon train rolls along the wide road through the swamp and to the grass plains as the sun rises and sets pass away.

The pack follows by walking and riding in the rear wagon.

Spear walks behind the wagon well running around circles, rolling over the ground practicing slashing attacks, jumping, bouncin and leaping. Spear begins to fight with both his warhammer and bastard sword trying to find the balance between the lenght. Spear peers through the swamp and takes an often watch to watch over the pack. 

He feels things unknown. During the time travling Spear begins to hear and feel sound as his body become more attune to the forces. The cold and hot weather give Spear a feeling of power as his bare body remains warm. Soon after travel, Spear removes the Armor of Blue and walks only with the Armor of the Rose Pack Warriors letting the cold windws blow over flesh.

During a few days of light when the pack felt more a back than people banded by travel, William and Spear spar.

William spars with Spear wearing only the hide padding of his armor. After the first Rise of their journey William removed the Armor of Blue and his platemail and chainmail letting it ride on the last wagon with the bags and sacks of the pack. 

The fights between Spear and William happened once a rise and set cycles. William got hit once in the shoulder with the warhammer end knocking him to ground. it was the only contact of fights that last many breathes and strikes leaving both fleeling the sweat around the cold.

When not sparring, William walked, sang and played his guitar.

The Guitar of Rieghn given to William by a Priest of Reighn through a song journey became one piece after being burnt and damaged since the recepotion of the gift. Buy the third rise William was playing song with the strings and finding the tune. He played the strings and sang with Myst while Myst was singing for Rieghn.

The play of music gave the shine of sun and dim of clouds to be as bright for William. Fighting, singing, exercising filled the days for William one day to next. And as the sun would rise and set, the bond with Myst began to turn.

Myst feels she say more Light of Reighn twinkle through the dusk after the first songs sung and played with William during the journey.

Myst sings and prays. She hones the notes and sounds to create detailed images of the visual world in hre mind with notes. She creates illusions with the song soothing the images of the pack and farmer. She discovers low tone heal deep bone breaks and high notes help hear the cuts. Invections need to be tapped. And though song Reighn finds Reighn each Rise and Set. 

Her song spreads to the minds and the song of the minds it does find are given the ability to see throug the dark and control the illusion of Reighn. 

A couple of convertes Myst doesn sing to the song of Reighn. The three in the wagon healing from the fighting wounds egin to hear the notes sung by Myst before they are sung.

Two farmer-warrior sing Rise Songs and Set Song to observe the passing of the day for Reighn. The both crarve stars as the days travel.

Shake begins to sing the song of Reign during the moring and night finding the right tone and pace to hum the notes high to low and low to high.

He hums the songs of Rieghn while shaking between times on the back of the last wagon. He hums when he tries to create the flame on thump and other's burp. He hums the song of Reighn at dust before bed. He begins to mumble words through the days and nights calling the mumblings. ,,Epiloque.''

Through the Rise and Fall, Shake tires to William and sing with William's guitar play. but William stops or walks away when Shake sang.

Shake felt the buzz, but only gripped his vial of Speen not letting the shake of the buzz over whelm.

When not singing or scheming or practicing casting the thumb flame or burp during song, he walk along the edge of the road and tumbled and rolled letting Guile into hismind as he performed the actions.

Guile reads the mind of the pack and the farmer warriors. Only Shake allows Guile to enter their minds. Only Spear creates a darkness that gives only sihlouette of thought preventing the mind invasion. Guile sleeps and reads and learns the talk of the click and clack. 

His ankle heals and cuts mend through the Rise and Fall then Guile begins to walk with Shake reading his mind to feel Shake's balance as he tumbles about. 

Guile plays with his own thoughts to create and shape the energy around an object then try to force the energy into the mass of the object to change it. With no succes, but a rocks smashing Guile walks the light and night thinking thought and clicks and clacks and feeling the mass and bodies of the people around to show Guile movement and how mass expands energy.

Minst's mind is read by Guile's while Minst studied spells.

Minst studies spells for the cycles. He reads spells from his spell book. He reads spells from the gobins spell book. He reads spells from the darven spell book. He organizes components counting, organzing and sawing small pocket inside his pack to secure rows of component packs needed for spell. He begins to try to speak with the farmer warriors in their tongue asking questions about the marks in the goblins spell book.

Minst caste a spell a day. From a cantrip to create a flame flash within sight to fly, fireball, magic missle and shield, he caste a spell every day. Shield is the first goblins spell Minst learns after being taught by Hik Lik Ckkc showed Minst the basics of click clack talk.

The shield spell written in the scratches and lines of goblins spell require no components. Minst caste shield through the day has he could remember and speak the click clack tongue. He learnd to caste shield to create a platform to walk on over the swamp land. 

Minst searched for components with Kirra.

Kirra leaves for the land and returned for the guidance. She run shoe less over the tree limbs of the swamp. She runs packless through steeps and the grass. She hunts bowless for boar. She returns for food and talk with Flare.

Flare leads the carvan to the rise. Flare talks with the soldiers at the check points. Flare talks with other wagon train leaders. Flare shows her red shining hide and dull black chaim, short sword and mark small shied that she swings and dances the blade. She fights with Spear and runs with Kirra.

Together they rool over the wide dirt road. 

Deep wheel wells spread the road. 

The wagons roll along the gravel road through the swamp passing traffic to the Rise. Wagon trains roll past. Solders march by. Check points peer over the pack, the farmer-warriors and the carts.

The swamp becomes flat grass lands and marsh. 

The plants of marsh span flat to distant sihilouettes of hills to the wax and wane and the sun to the Rise. Thin grass as wide as fingers grow as tall as Shake over the land. 

Sacks of root and swamp weed are give to soldiers for tarif around the houses, buildings and smaller road crossing over the open planes of grass.

Moutains apear a thin line of the horizon of the Rise.

The planes of flowers and grass become sage brush and sand. 

A flat plane of salt flats span before the caravan.

The caravan rolls to a stop.

Kirra stand next to Flare. 

William walks to Kirra and Flare with Spear. 

Minst clicks and clacks and flies to the front with th other of the pack.




,,Why is it called Goblin Port?'' says Minst.





