William's family came to the Slowwood and the Valley of Keep at the decree of the Western King Grant Thurd the Fourth. The king sough to increase the Eastern border of the kingdom both through force and a treaty and contract between the dwarven kingdom ling in and on top of the mountains

William's family moves to the town where will lives now. Their uncles were put in charge of one keep. 

The started a business in the town of William's house. They secured the west most keeps and managed to ship most ore through their rout thus getting more of the tax they are able to keep per sale.

The king died. The sons battled for power losing all power.

William's great great grand father was able secure a similar deal for selling and shipping the sliver and bronze and iron mind by the dwarves.

William's great great grand father with the people of the town William now lives took over the remaning four keeps and wond the love of the people of Valley town.  

Years past the family grew. Trade wit hthe dwarves for silver and iron and bronze and gravel continued. A castle was being built.

Dwarves began wanting to get more of the share of profits. They didn't like the growing population in the valley. 

Great grandfather declares war against the dwarves after they refuse to stop increasing the price of their metal. A price that was rumored to leave little profit.The war was short. 

The mining powder and the destruction of the valley that caused the swamp split the power of the Willliams. 

The destruciotn of the mountain was thought to be by a woken dragon, but really it was from war.        

The war destroyed two of the keeps and the castle remainds.

William's great grand father declared peace and lost all contracts with the dwarvs of the mountains. The dwarves didn't attack, but didn't resume relastions with the William's great grand father died. And only after Willliams great grandmother, an illusionist, who once caste defensive illusions during the battle with the dwarves began a school open to all, in the only castle tower that reamined. 

The school was before her death Willliams great grandmother left to live with the dwarvess. The dwarves did the dwarves begin to forgive William's family and sign a truce. Williams great The truce was signed onc eWilliams' great grand father died, but the Dwarves refused to use the West passage for after blowing up the moutnain the travel was wet and difficult.

Soon traders from the east game to the valley and filled the keeps ruins and casle ruins. The town was rebuilt and now became a trading for the East and to make things from the steel.   

Williams family continued to guard the town and traders for a fee. The also built and shaped metal to sell. 

Williams paternal grandfather had a huge family. thirteen kids were born. Most remained to build up the family legacy. The daughters were found to marry distant merchant families and the sons taught how to be a warrrio first and a caviler second.

the sons were sent east and west with the remaining power and money of the grandfather to forty fie the Valleys and the exits to the east west exits. 

William's grandfather created a business of protecting hte shipment to the East and making armor. 

William's dad was not favored. Got the shitty duty of trade and protection through the swamp valley and secure in the town. 

After controlling the trade from the West and fixing up the town that had shrunk during the years of war, 

By the time of his father's moving to Slowwood, the Canyon flooded by the  rock and dirt of the moutain, had become a swamp. It filled with tribes of goblins and families of trolls. The trail through the canyona worn adn winding path around boulders and over rock. The mire during the wet season rises over the rock and near the tops of boulders.

William's father lived in isolation of the family on the other side of the canyon  and in control more or speading the family name then guarding shipping lanes or patrolling for dwarves. Willliam began using his family wealth on creating a path through the Valley to open up trade. for while he lived in isolation from his family, but still believed in the family history, and he wanted the family to return to the glory of the stories his father told William's father.

William's father at a young age began creating a path from Slowwood to the valley and the keeps. The merchents, trappers and farmers welcomed the additional income from a renewed trade route brings in more money to save is slowly dying to town. The people of the town worked part time guarding the worn trail and beginning to create a paved trail through the Canyon.

William's father met William's mother while travelling with the guards on day.  

William's mother was born and raised on the road. Her family tree had roots from the ice north to the ocean south for her parents and family were gypies travelling the land to find work and increase the growth of the family tree. 

William's mother and her branch was hired by William to  guard the builders and the few carvans that began to travel the path. They were hired because they were as one with the horse like a centuar. They could shoot bows and swing a sword full gallop or riding over rocks and around bolders. 

William's father noticed William's mother while returning from visting his brother's after the family's Settlement Day dinner and dance. It was the the family bond and her holding back a rush of goblins to let William and the other guard gather and defend the caravan going through the valley. 

William's father began travelling with William's mother claiming he  needed to travel to the keep to report on the trail construction. on days when William's mother was guarding the path workers, he found a need to inspect the workmanship and bring a warm dinner to the people.

William's mother noticed William's kindness and passion for family, and she wanted for once to stay in a place after growing up on the road. She found a love with William then a home to stay.    

Slowwood began to grow again and the path through the Valley extended a day's travel into the Valley. The path was straight and raised when need.

The Keeps of the Valley fortified with an additional stone wall. The towns of the valley stretched along the East building two schools, watch towers, a theater. 

Paved roads of stone split from the West East road to the Valley covering the dirt and weed covered trails to farm fields and to the moutain trails damaged by the hundreds of years of ore caravans flowing to and from the mountain top city of the dwarves.     

The city of the dwarves spanned the peaks of the moutain and connected with the city under the mountain caverns and tunnels. Vast fields in side and on top of the moutian offered land to grow and raise food. The mountain streams offered the dwarves water. The moutain top sustainable state left little need for hte dwarves to interact with the outside world.  

The city of the dwarves began before time was counted. The dwarves themselves believe they were born from the mountain. Other believe the dwarves were drawn to the dirt and ore for it was in their blood. Everyone can agree the dwarves of the city are hated by many because many are envious and ignorant of the dwarves of the city.    

Over the years envy and ignorance created wars and revolts against the dwarves diverted the rock mind and carved inside the moutain for walls around the mountains cities and gates along the trail to the mine market.

Though mountains changed over the years. Tunnels became caverns and caverns became a carved city of stone building and houses. Thousands of arms sized holes were bore to the insided city to the sides of the moutian canyon to guide the canyon wind though the moutnain. Vents were dug to the surface and hundreds of mirrors set to reflect sunlight to the inside city creating a dawn light. Tunnels were build to allow dwarves to leave the mountain and travel and trade with the world. 

The coming of the humans was a hopeful time for the dwarves. The ruling council signed a trade agreement with the king to both extend the range and worth of their unused ore and for the dwarves to begin to relate to the human diasporsa sprawling across the land.  

The city of dwarves grew from the increased demand for ore and the wealth and trade. More tunnels became caverns and the cavern walls were carved into buildings and homes and area for farming and parks. Years of prosparity between the two kingdoms spread the city of the dwarves to new moutain tops and moutains. 

Then the king died and the sons began to fight for the power. 

The council of dwarves remained neutral during the time of war. They agreed to continue to by a tribute to the king treasure. And they agreed to the increased ore demand to be used to weapons and armor. 

The kindom fell with little effect of the moutains and the dwarves. The local lords 

Then came the War with the Valley Lords. Then the dwarves sealed the city and closed the gates and destroyed bridges and trails leading to the city of the dwarves. The resources not focused on defense of th ecity were focused on opening up tunnels and relations with the East.

Many years of war past until the humans of the Valley were able cause any critical damage to the city. They entered 

In hope of recoving from the blast and return to their true love of mining, they collasped the city section and complete the tunnels leading to the East canyon.

Then the dwarves, in hope    
