Jan says, ,,Good morning," to Minst.  

Minst's  body is cool and dry. His breathing a snore. He wakes. ,,Hi," hes says. "I don't remember you."

,,She watched you all night while you snored?" says Carlos.

They smile. 

Minst says, ,,Thanks for saving my life."

Carlos nods toward Jan, ,,Jan and Myst saved you."

Minst looks at Jan, ,,Thank you." He looks at Carlos. "And Myst."

,,Drinking with Kirra last night," says Jan.

,,Kirra," says Minst. He rises from couch. He puts hand into pant pocket and pulls out a squard cloth. He rubs nose with cloth. ,,Nose fills itchey."

Carlos stands and streteches. ,,Poison."

,,Gausimer Poison," says Jan. She sits, yawns. "Bandits use it to coat their stolen goods. It hardens. Then when some one foolishly shakes or drops the item the poison becomes a dust."

Carlos slowly raises extended arms, looks at Minst, "Maybe I should be sorry."

Myst stands, ,,I am tired. I will sleep." She walks from the reading room.

Carlos stretches back back to an arch with arms raised and extended. ,,Tell me your story, Minst." 

Minst was born on the shores of White Sand. Minst grew up in an Armory his parents owned and operated on the beach and near the port and by the Fortress Forest, an elven strong hold.

Minst found more love in linking chaimail or fassening layers chest plates. He had no love for the hammeriing and pounding and cutting of metal to create the chain link, the ankle shield the leather sheet, or to mend an anchor chain or forging a custom ankor that looked like two mermaid hugging with tails curled in opposite directions.

Minst found love in the puzzles and elven toy his parents collected from elven customers. He'd get lost at the unique wooded angled blocks that wold create a Sphere. A favortie toy was the instruments of sound that were rods and tubes and hollow shapes that produced bird chirps and mouse squeals by moving fingers over different holes while blowing into the instruments. Of all they toys that were given, a book with riddles written in elven captured Minst's mind for many years after becoming a man and leaving the sun and the beach.

He failed at play with other kids. He failed because he was thinking all the time and didn't care if he had to be the elf when they played Elf and Human and never cared getting caught when he was selected amoung  the boys around the dock to play the elf when they played Humans and Elves with the objective of the Humans was to capture and convert the Elves or Jail Them The worst the boys would do was put him in a case on the beach. All Minst would do was lay in the sand in the cell and think of magic and puzzles and feel the eneregy of the sun.

Minst life on the beach wasn't all toys and work and staring at the sun for there were  also school. His mom and dad
forced him to go to an elven school after pleasing a school master with the crafting of a steel chair for the Master Sage of Searchers, an elven guild creating and helping guide the the education of the elven children. The guild memebers taught class if different locations everyday to inhanse education with examples and to show knowledge can be found everywhere. 

He excelled and school, but still failed at play around the docks with the boys of shop owners and merchants. The Master Sage of Searchers later told Minst he had his father make the chair both because he was a good crafts man and because the Master seen Minst develop an ability to meditate and focus while in the fake elven jail and during short sojourns into the forest to find and see realy elves.

Minst earned apprenticeship by excelling in the elven school and helping is mom and dad create a steel enforce bridge and frames for the outter elven city hidden in the tree top and before you very eyes. The new frames to give strenght to the defensive from raids of people wanting the land of the forest and the riches of the elves. The work brought Minst and his parent together for Minst was able to manage and design the creations and learn to respect the displine and skill of curing steel to fasten through a tree without damaging the tree. They bonded, but the as the tasks of being an apprentice increased the time working on the steel defense frames decreased. 

The apprenticeship with the Head Master showed Minst the puzzles and focus of magic. The images and object seen in mind and the calm out-of-body feeling of focus came together to make a sphere of magic Minst could solve like the puzzles given to him as a boy.

He excelled at manipulating and moving objects, reading thoughts and creating thoughts for minds, conjuring object from planes and creating a quick and reliable defense, but failed at using magic to war upon the warriors of the sword and spell. His skill was enough to be an asset to the elves while fortifying the forest, but it became a liablity once war began for his fight was not enough to him to prove loyalty to the entire city. By the time he was done with his apprenticeship, it was time for him to site quest and find his purpose, and for his mom and dad find a new place for their frenship with the elves had created enemies of the port people. 

His mom and dad went West keeping to the beach and finding home near palm trees and monistary. 

Minst left three moons ago. Minst, said his school master before he left the beach and the forest,  is connected to the sun in his heart and minds. It's bright rays gives him reasoon to smile in the morning and it's fading light body give reasons for there being night. The sun is the strong shield protecting time.

,,It's the sun," says Minst he stands. "All these clouds and night don't give me the sun to be alive."

Carlos says, ,,We should go outside."  

Carlos and Minst stand and look at each other. Carlos leads to kitchen.

Myst has a head that thumps and bumps. ,,Why did I begin adding mead to the tea?" She feels thrusty. She grabs a cup and pours the cold water into the cup. 

Carlos wraps satchel around waist and ties. Carlos pulls a bag from the satchel and opens the bag. He pulls out a pinch of tips. puts pouch back under satchel. He hold tips near Myst cup. ,,This will help." 

Myst looks at the green and brown tips. ,,Do I need hot water?"

,,No." Carlos takes a tip and rolls it between thumb and index finger.

The tip turns to poweder.

,,This root has been fired to residue," says Carlos.

Myst looks at Carlos. They stare eyes. ,,Yes, I will  try some."

Carlos drops tips into cup.

Minst looks at Myst, ,,Thank you for saving my life."

Myst smiles, ,,Reighn saved you."

,,Reighn," Minst smiles, "Of magic."   

Myst sips water with tips, ,,Yes."

,,I heard you talking." Myst drinks water with tips, "Sprine?"

,,Yes," says Minst.

Myst says, ,,Does Sprine have clerics?"

Minst grabs cup and laddle and creates a cup of water, ,,No."

Myst loooks at Carlos, ,,I'd probably be a bard if it weren't for Reighn." Myst looks at cup. "This isn't bad. Feel calm. Focused."

Carlos says, ,,It make you talk."

Minst drink water, ,,Your parent magicians."

,,Yes," says Myst.  

Myst parents were both Mage of Night Order. They joined North East Tower of the Order after they were called upon by the Order to join the Order and continue their study of the way of magic.

Upon completion of the Order Rite both remained to work in the Order to strength the local trust and the teachings ofmagic and the philosiphy of the Order. Aftr the Circl Focus Debate Future of Magic Myst parents, Ula and Peened, Ula mended and created magical items like boots, whips, jackets. Peened taught the people of the land simple magic to teach people small tools to help them heat or cool water, start a campfire,  dust, create light, warm room.

Myst was born. Magic was a part life for Myst.  The toys of illusions or summoned object entertained Myst during her early years. She did play with the warriors and farmers and craftmens that created tools and not toys. 

Myst prayed for first spell when 5. She always thought of Reighn as a friend for that is how her parents thought of Reighn Myst talked with Reighn when she wsa confused bored, lonely, or needing to answer a question. It was a question wanting to know what a squirel was thinking then the translated thought of the squirels thought of wanting food entered her mind. She kept this secret for a few years until her parents found her healing a sick woman simply like talking with Reighn, as Myst called it.  

Myst talked and talks with Reighn. Unlike most clerics of Reighn, Myst didn't pray or study or worship nightly to have hope of being answered during the day. She just talked with Reighn and let the passion show the result. Myst did study  Myst like the sounds and shapes and scripts of magic, but loved the lore the myths and the power of the spell caste and the talk with Reighn.

Myst grew up with friends and family. She had love from her parents. She had affection for her friends.They escaped into the forest to adventure through the ruins of the city of Orin and the Orin Castle.She was told and seen that her studies need to continue during the balance of night and day and moveed south having finished page to seeker.

Myst left to search for her dawn to give her dusk and the change of night. She continued her converation with Reighn. And she began with with William, who was found walking the same path during the night. They bothed were fond of horses. She completed her study. And he lost interest in completing being a page of a Caviler schools.

Myst looks out window, ,,Dawn." She looks at Carlos , "I heard some thign about going outside.

Carlos winks, ,,How do you feel?"

Myst looks at the cup, ,,Good. The headache dry feeling is gone."

Carlos wave hand to kitchen door and walks to kitchen door. ,,You still need the water. And you talk alot, but the tips help."

They walk outside through the kitchen door.

Cool brisk wind slices through the leather and cotton cloths. Rays of light shine from the horizon outlining thin wisp clouds fading white to yellow morning sky.

Carlos looks at the horizon and puts horizontal open palm above brow. ,,Wow, that's some morning."

,,That feels good," says Minst.

The walk up the path to the East Road. all look at the the orange and red leaves of the oaks sprouting from the grond from a field of green grass. The pine trees surround the green field on sides and the East Road boarders the field ahead. The walk through the brisk wind letting it pull on cloths and hair. Their eyes dry. Mid field the walk they seek William riding Buckey around oak trees. 

William and Buckey meet the group. William smiles and says, ,,Great morning."

Minst pulls robe over chest, and hands disappear under sleeves. ,,Sun feels good. The wind cold."

William dismounts Buckey, and he rubs Buckey's nose and under chin. 

White puffs from Buckey's nose.

,,Buckey loves the cold," says William. "And, you, Minst, isn't it. You stand."

Minst shivers, ,,Yes. I. I, I do." He finish speaking looking at Myst.

William looks back to the road. We should stay way from the raod until we leave tomorrow."He walks with Buckey separating Minst and Myst.

Carlos nods and smiles, ,,Or later tonight."

They walk to the house.     

Carlos says, ,,How long have you and Buckey been togehter?"

Myst smiles and loops arm through Williams arm and side. ,,William's real lover." 

William cold red face deepens red. He looks at Carlos to Myst to Carlos. ,,Buckey," he says. He looks at Buckey, "We've been together for a while." 

William pulled Buckey from Buckey's mother's womb when William was six. It was the only way William's father would allow William to be given and chance to bond and name Buckey. Willliam watch Buckey lay wet on the ground then stand then walk then give short buck. William slept in the stable that night.

William slept many nights in the stable until he to become a page at the Keep of the Peak's through the valley.  William's mother allowed him to sleep in the barn having had done the same with Buckey's mother.  William's father understood the connection to the horse, but didn't want his son becoming a barbarian. William at first protested until he began sneeking out at night to sleep in the stable until his departure.

William walked with Buckey and through the Valley and to the Keep of the Peaks and began serving page to the Lord of the Peaks, his uncle.William daily duties at the Keep kept him from Buckey until late at night for a brush and the occasional sneeked night hidding in the stable.  As the years past and the role of William iin the Keep expanded, he had to volunteer to ride for the weekly post or ride the nightly patrol to ride with buckey. 

It was in the stable William last seen his father. His father was wearing chainmail and with other men of town. There was talk of a dragon and dwarves. His father took Buckey's father and rode off with helmet and shield. It was during the morning brush of Buckey that William heard his father was dead when William was thirteen.

It was with Buckey that William rode the tears away.

William and Buckey always rode alone, but after his father's death Willam and Buckey road with William's mom and Buckey's father every morning. They would race through the hills; jump logs; chase each other; learn to swing a sword while riding; and test to find who could ride on side of horse the longest. It wasn't only the pot roast William's mom could cook that tamed William's father for it was also her abillity to best hiim while riding a horse. William rode and trained everyday with his mom. 

William learned many things from his mother. He learned to sing and play the guitar. He learned how to dance and how to eat proper and act a gentleman. He learned to cook and mend his cloths and sharped his sword. All while riding the mornings away. William cried when he left to become a squire. 

At the age of sixteen, William left with a family friend to conitnue his training and try his time at he academy in the North, but as the time passed, and William need to be squire if ever he would be a Paladin like his father, he felt deep inside not the love of the order nor the charm to command warroirs to follow and die with him. The ridding and sword play was all he loved of being a squire. All other activities remind hiim too much of his father. And too much of what he didn't want to be. Upon hearing the death of his mother at age 18, he left for home with Buckey.

William rubs Buckey's chin, ,,He's his own horse." 

Carlos eyes Willliam, nods head, ,,A journey with you may find a treasure of song or poem." He lean against the stable door. 

Carlos, Buckey, Minst and Myst stand in the circle. 

"I take thirty percent, rights to the tale and a chance to throw the bones for any magic." says Carlos, "And food."

William looks at Myst. Myst smiles. She almost says yes, before William says, ,,Agreed." He holds out hand.

,,I haven't agreed," says Carlos, "I am only stating my standard fee."

They stare at each other.

,,When would we leave?" says Carlos.

,,Today," says William.

,,Minst needs to rest the day," says Myst.

William's brow ruffles then relaxes, ,,One day, but no more."

Minst looks at William and holds up hands, ,,I can help you until the keep."

William pulls Buckey's reighn, ,,Maybe." says William as he walk into the barn. 

Myst follows William. 

Carlos says, ,,I will let you know tonight." walks toward kitchen. ,,I am going to get some food, so I can get some of my winnings."

Minst llooks door shrugs, pulls a book from folds of tunic, and looks at sun rays caste on the horizon. He sits, opens book on lap and begin to chant the symbols on pages. 

Carlos looks at Minst then steps into the kitchen. He opens cupboords and opens a couple of bin. He picks the lock to the dry storage and pulls out dried peaches and mutton. He locks the door and wanders the house. 

Carlos walks from the kitchen and to the parlor room. He walks between a card table, bar chairs and seats, long sofa with plush pillows pushed aagainst stone walls. A small space filled with stands and intrument stands huddles in corner. The greeting room are chair and tables and wine. A harp rests in the corner next to a statue of a minitor. A rug from side to side. 

Carlos walks by stairs up, and walks to a stone room. Fensing gear, a grinder stone, bows, a wreslting circle with faded edges. A wooden hangs open. He opens to reveal a toilet. 

Carlos waves has before nose and shuts the door.  

Carlos walks to the reading room, sits and eats.

The sun rises. The sun falls. 

Carlos eats, reads, and naps letting a low steady snore seep through his bushy beard. 

Minst meditaties, runs, reads, naps, 

William rides, polishes armor, checks sword sharpness, checks suppolies.

Kirra sleeps and wakes to eat and begin to drink.

Jan roams the forest trying to find roots and herbs and find the voice of the lands. She sees spear.

Spear is running through forest trying to catch and kill a boar. He cates and kills a boar with the help of Jan.

Shake is at the Pub and Poker

Myst talks with Reighn and flirts with William. She talks and play;s william's magical guitar after glass of wine.

Carlos is soothed to sleep.



