
,,Where are we?" says William.

Sun light castes thin beams of light through tree limbs and leaves.

Light shadows covers the world below.

William, Myst, Spear, Shake, Kirra, Jan and Minst sit  and stand on a wooden platform of hemp tied branches. Each branch trimmed of branch and molded with branches to create a flat and near soon floor.  The branches create a circular platform tied and woven around limbs of trees branching around and above weaving wall frame and dense room.

Wooden steps stack along thick branches to small platforms. 

Loose hemp rope rails hang limb with stairs and around platforms.

A cool gust blows hanging leaves and small limbs.

,,Where were we?" says Myst.

,,Maybe inside Branh's mind?" says Carlos.         

Spear walks and stands at the end of platform. ,,I can hear the river that leads to the waterfall." 

,,And this is a great white oak like other trees near the river," says Kirra. She walks to the edge of platform and looks down, "The shurbs are similar."

,,We are South of the river and near the rocks and the swamp," says Jan. She pulls back her hood and smiles. "That is what the tree feels."

Minst stands and puts hand on stomach. ,,Hungry. Feel dizzy. Sore. How did we get here."

Carlos stretches and yawns. ,,Probably teleport or maybe moved."

William and Minst yawn.  

Carlos looks around and shrigs. "I don't know. I've learned never to assume anything in a world of spells, seers and psionics."

,,And what was Branch," says Myst.

,,Psionist," says Carlos. "A good one."

,,How good," says Kirra. 

Carlos stands and lifts arms and bends back. ,,From what I learned Branch is the one that holds all Branching together with thought." Carlos bends back and moans. "That room, the food, all those boxes was probably a creation of her mind."

,,I am hungry," says Myst.

William steps to stairs, ,,Well, I don't care if we were in the Abyss, I want to know where Buckey is?"

A loud long whinney flows it a blunt bluster.

William looks behind then to the side. ,,Buckey." He smiles, "That's Buckey. Where..."

Kirra and Spear piont South East, ,,There." They look at each other.

Kirra says with a smile, ,,He sounds to be on the ground and close.

William climbs steps, stops, says, ,,Which way?"

Shake standing in silence, shakes head. ,,How do we know this ain't another trap?"

,,Kid's gotta point," says Carlos. 

A quick snott than whinney flows with the wind.

,,That's close," says Spear.

,,And close to the ground.

,,I'm not waiting to find out." William looks up the stairs then to the ground. "Anyone see away down."

Shake lays on stomach and crawls to edge. I think I see a ladder nailed to the tree and some branches that." He stands. "I'll go with you," says Shake. "Check for traps."

,,Wait," says Jan. "William would you please call out Buckey's name. Or whistle." She smiles and stares wide eyest to William. "Or do what ever it is you do to let Buckey know your location or make him aware-"

William puts index fingers in mouth and whistles then shout, ,,BUCKEY!"

Gallops echo. 

A white and brown streak runs between tree and brush. Gallops hit hart. A whinney whips and smackes. 

William steps from one side to the other side of the wooden platform. ,,Buckey." He pees through the trees.

Shake crawls of ledge, hangs on edge, grabs ladder and climbs down.

,,BUCKEY," shouts William.

Buckey gallops to a stop around the tree. He raises front hooves high and kicks the air then shouts a loud whinney. He glomps hooves and looks up, snorts.

Minst, Myst, Carlos, Spear, Jan, Kirra stand by William looking down.

,,Shake," says William. He looks around the platform and stairs.

William walks to platform's edge and walkes around finding Shake.

Shake climbs down ladder and presses foot upon each ladder step before putting weight on the step. 

Everyone comes to William and watches.

Shake stops above the ground and looks up. ,,WE NEED A ROPE. OR A GIANT TO LIFT US UP!" He graps and scraps bark and knotts to the bottom. 

,,I want down," says William.

Myst points down. ,,You can't climp down."

William snaps a look at Myst. ,,I know!"

,,Anyone have a feather?" says Minst.

Everyone shakes head. William says, ,,No."

Shake hallers from below. ,,IT'S BUCKEY."

Buckey stands by Shake. Shake pets Buckey's nose.

,,The rope around the floor, stairs," says Spear. He steps to stairs and climbs them. 

Kirra looks at William then Spear then Jan. ,,Where are our weapons and packs?"

Jan shurgs.

,,What?" smiles Kirra. "No more talk with the tree."

Carlos put hand in Sash and pulls out a feather and holds it before Minst.

Minst takes the feather and twirles it before thumb and index finger. ,,Thank you." He takes the feather, lays in on palm. "William. If would like to fall as a feather I will take you down.

William looks at Minst, the feather then Buckey. He looks long at Buckey then says, ,,Do what you must?"

Minst walks around the platform looking over the edge. He stops. ,,OVer here." 

William walks to Minst. He looks down through a shaft of space between the branches to the groud. He looks at Minst. ,,What do I do?"

,,Stand there." Minst closes eyes, holds palm before mouths and glows upon the feather. 

The feather flows from palm and floats over the platform and down. 

Minst grabs Williams hands. ,,Now step with me."

William looks at their hands then steps with Minst over the edge.

They float between branches and leaves and along the trunk to the ground following the feather down.

Buckey whinneys and snicker. He circles around the great white oak then stands beneath William and Minst. 

Minst and William land soft on the ground. 

,,Thank you," says William. He steps to Buckey and wraps arms around Buckey's neck. "I missed you my friend."

Buckey nods head and lets out a snort. He rub chin against William's back.

,,Ahhhh, how touching," says Shake. "Almost makes me believe in love." Shake stands by Minst. "We should leave the two lovers alone." 

Minst smiles and nods head. He looks up.

,,Climb." Shake whats to the trunk.

William mounts Buckey. ,,We are going for a ride." He pats buckey on the neck. "Lets go Buckey."

Buckey whinneys kicks, steps and digs hooves into the ground.

The gallop away. 

Above Kirra, Spear and Jan climb the staircases. 

Myst sits at the edge of the platform and swings legs over edge.

Carlos sits next to her.

,,Sometime I think he will never love me as much as Buckey,"  says Myst.

Carlos sits in silence letting the breeze and ruslte of leaves talk. Then he says as William pass below low against Buckey's neck, ,,Maybe not the same as he loves Buckey, but given they way he looks at you I believe the love bond between will grow as strong."

Carlos and Myst sit and swing legs and watch William ride below. The spy Shake trying to show Minst how to climb up the tree.

,,I BELIEVE I HAVE DISCOVERED OUR TAKEN ITEMS," says Jan loud.

William and Buckey dodge trees, jump over brush and gallop through the morning sun.

William lets loose a loud, ,,WOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOO!"

Carlos looks at Myst, stands. ,,Some day he will show you his love if his shouts of joy don't bring the golbin hords upon up." 

The sun rises. Beams of sun shine through limb and branch to the ground.

Myst stares at the ground then stands and stretches and looks around the wood platform. 

Spear walks down a set of stairs to the platform, nods a Myst and walks up another set of stairs.

Myst follows spear. 

The branch stair creak and bend with each step. The branch stairs step steep.

Myst grabs the hemp rail. The rail wet with dew.

The branch stairs steps to a level to a platform.

The platform wide and long base bends and waves at the edges around branches and into the sun shine. Taut rails of hemp stretch from branches sprouting around the platform. A circluar rug covers the near center. Hemp bound branches fitted like a puzzle form chairs and table on the rug. On top of the table lay swords, packs, satchels, knives, book and food.

Apples, peaches, plums, twists, buns, bread loafs, dried beef, salted pork fat, patatoes, green beans and corn are piles and stackes rowed upon large silver platter and smaller ceramic plates spaced around the silver platter. A faint steam raises from platter into the cool air.

,,Food," says Myst.

Spear, Jan, Kirra and Carlos grab food and put food in mouth with one hand while searching trhough the bags and weapons with the other. Small piles of crumbs and and itesm plie around each at the table.

Myst take a potato bites in and joins the silent sorting of the pile of their possession. She grabs her satchel and bed roll. She grabs her belt, mace, hymn book, insense, an pair of pants, shirt leather tunic and a cap.

Spear slides is long bastard sword from the table top and swallows a chunk of dried beef. He raise the sword up and nods head and bites more beef. He watch the sword slid into sheath.  He grabs his back and bed roll from the and throws it over shoulder. He says between chewing. ,,We should take some of this." He walks over to the open sun at the far end of the platform. "Water and wine is over here," say Minst.

,,Wines is good," says Jan. Picks up leaver satchel, and bed roll. She opens bed roll and then looks through the pile pulling free a brown silk grown, smiles, grabs staff and walks way with apples. She stops. ,,Is there a bathroom?" says Jan.

,,I used a bowl and tossed it over the side," says Kirra. She sets a turkey leg on the table and lifts her bow up and slowly pulls back the bow string then aim an invisible area before slowly relaxing the tension in arm an bow string. ,,They take anything from you, Carlos?" says Kirra.

Carlos picks up William's Sword scabbard and looks at it. He shakes head. ,,No." He looks a Kirra and flashes a smile. "I like to look at people's things." He bites an apple and chews. 

Myst grabs her black scarf and blue silk night gownd. She mummbles with Reighn, ,,They like to go through things."

Kirra looks up and nods. ,,I found my leathers scattered through the pile and pulled out of pack." She looks at Myst. 

Myst stares and sorts the cloths and nods. 

Kirra pulls out a sheath with knife and wet stone. She unbuckles belt and slide belt through sheath.

Carlos grabs an apple, bites it and walks to the sun light open platform and near Spear swing bastards sword in cycles and slices and swoops up down and around.

Myst laughs and smiles and stares from the table to the stairs. She nods quick and without focus Kirra and walks down the stairs. ,,Yes. That's weird. I don't know...Oh, no," says Myst. "I am tired." She walks to the platform and sits with ankles dangling over ledge and looks through the forest and the trees and the branches and leaves.

Shake's high pitched chuckles silences flirting pair to whistling birds. 

The sun light beems angle from tree tosp to ground. A gust blows through three trunks.

Minst stands from the ground and brushes leaves and dirt from elven leather pants. He pulls a twig from hair and smiles wide at Shake and points to tree. ,,I can climb a tree, but my fingers are too big to wedge between bark." 

Shake scratches head and taps foot. ,,But, but..." He walks to tree opens arms wraps them around the tree trunk and rubs over surface and presses fingers into trunk. Shake climbs up tree to the ladder steps gribing foot and hand tight agains the rough bark.

Minst claps, says, ,,Now why don't you go find a rope." He winks. 

Shake grins, nods and climbs the ladder along the trunk. 

A loud whinney is followed by William's hollar.

Shake reaches the top. He knocks around the platform and finds some hinges. He pushes up opening a hatch then he climbs through the hatch. 

,,Have you seen a rope," says Shake to Myst's back.

Myst mummbling voice fades, she looks back and shakes head then continues mummbling while staring at the ground.

Kirra walks down the steps to the food platform and walk to another steps.

Shake shakes head and pulls from the hatch to the platform. ,,,Do yiou have a rope." 

Kirra walks past shaking head. ,,Carlos has one."

,,Carlos." Shake steps to platform and walks up a set of stairs.

The stairs rise then level to walkway from tree top to tree top. The walkway leads to a canopy  of leaves and branches sprouting from the platorm and spreading above. 

Sunshine dims. Small dots of light shine beams to the platfrom flow. The tree leave rustles. 

Shake slowly walk across the platform pressing foot agains the surface before stepping forward. He scratchs his head and teps froward. 

He step to the edige near a rope rail. Then turns around as an wide empty platform. Spaces of missing branch stretch from one side to another. The floor bends and creeks.

He stops, grabs and the rail. He left leg and slids a  thin blade sewn between cuff of pant leg. He lifts the blade above and smiles then pinches the bladw with thumb and index finger moving it back and forth of the rope rail.

The rope falls limb with final cut. 

Shake slide blade in pants cuff and softly walks alon the parameter of the large platform pulling rope from rings nailed branches. 

The edge bends and blow. 

Shake steps fast unlooping rope from ring to ring to ring.

Platform edge breaks.

Shake falls. He grabs rope, swings on rope in to branches, twigs and leaves.

A branch peices pants and cuts leg. 

He hangs from limb and rope. He pulls up on rope.
         
Rope pulls links from branches.

Shake bounces on branches. He reaches out, grabs branches and climbs to the trunk then from the trunk up to the platform. He stand on the walk back to the other tree top and pulls the rope rail making a pile of rope. H ecuts the rope, picks it up, walk across the walkway, down stairs and to the platform with trap door to the ladder ot the ground below. 

He he lifts the latch and see Carlos carrying up a rope with Minst climbing behind. Carlos and Minst laugh as the climb.

Shake closes the trap door with a loud bang, lifts the hemp rope, walks to the edige near Myst and tosses rope from the platform watching it unravel and wrap around branches. 

Carlos opens the trap door, thows rope to platform top and rolls to a stank lowering hand toward Minst.

Minst grabs Carlos's hand. 

Spear stands in the sunlight on the platform edige swinging sword in circles and twists. He balances on the edge then flips back landing on edige. 

Shake pivots head and walks up the stair case to the table and food. He sees small pile of cloths, weapons, rings and necklaces. he walks to the table and peers at two rings relfect light He pick up one then the other.

,,Minst and Spear neds to see the good," says speark swinging swords.

Shake grabs a beat theather pack and blacket. His belts and pouches or picked up and wrapped arouind waisst. He graps daggers and a rolled up leather skin bag. He grabs a shining ring mumbling, ,,That's not William's or Minst's." 

Tucking the ring into a pocket, he frees hands and grabs ham and cheeses eating to both together. 

,,Shake," says Minst. 

Minst and Carlos step to the platform. 

Minst walks toward Shake, says, ,,I climbed to the ladder thanks to what you showed me and what Carlos showed me." He looks at scrats and a cut on hands. Then he looks up at Shake. "Where did you go?"

Shake talks with mouth full of ham and cheese. ,,No where." He opens a pouch on the back of backpack and tosses in some dried meet cucumber, pepper and some cheese. He grabs a leg of chicken and bundles pack and sheet roll underarm then walks to shadow under branches. 

,,My spell book!" says Minst. He picks up a big back and a his rope. He graps a necklace with an elven whistle. He throws the back over shoulder and clasps the necklace around neck then open the spell book and walks reading to the platform edge and the sun sitting in a chair next to a pitcher of water surrounded by cups on a tray.

Spear looks back at Minst, grunts, walks away down the steps, past Myst talking with Reign  and down the ladder and trunk to the ground.

William and Buckey ride between the trees. Buckey slows gallop to a walk and then stops breathing deep with flared nosrils littling loose a series of snorts and blusters.

William hugs Buckey's neck then slides off horse to the ground.

Spear points up. ,,Food and you items are above."

William looks from Buckey to Spear spread smile across face. ,,How do I get up." 

Spear looks up and points at Shakes rope. Spear yawns and walks to tree trunk and brush, sits with back agaisnt turn lays sword over lap, closes eyes. 

William looks up at the rope, ,,I don't think..." He looks at Spear.

Spears sits still against tree with eyes open.

"Sleep, my friend," says William. He pets Buckey and combs Buckey's maine with fingers. "I am going to get up and get food and get what belongs to us." He hugs Buckey's neck.

Buckey nestles head on William's shoulder and whinney's soft.

,,If I were a painter I would be inspired for a portrate," says Carlos. He grabs on to ladder an reaches for Shake's rope hanging from limbs.                    

The robe dangles out of reach. 

,,Too bad I can't climb up there and help," smiles William. 

Carlos kicks off from tree ladder and trunk, leaps to Shake's rope, grabs rope and decends.

Trees twigs and branch snaps.

The rope jerks and slips and snags its way down lowering Carlos soft to the ground before William.

Carlos looks at Spear. 

Spear stares still from behind brush.

,,Creepy," says Carlos.   

Buckey snorts and clomps hooves. He pokes nose and Carlos's beard.

Carlos rubs the bridge of Buckey's nose. "Good you're alive my friend."

Buckey snorts.

Carlos pats Buckey's nose then steps away and yanks on rope pulling down twigs, leaves, and a branch to the ground with the rope. He ties rope around waist and climb tree trunk to the beginning of the ladder then he climbs up the tree to the split in the trun supporting the lower platform untieing rope from waist then around a trunk branch. ,,TIED OFF."

William climbs the rope slow swinging side to side and spinning in circles. He reaches and grabs the ladder then climbs slow and grabs Carlos's hand for a boost to the base of the trunk branch below the lower platform. ,,Hate heights," says William.

Carlos pulls up rope, ,,I was afraid of open spaces." He loops rope around trunk branch. "Too years and living away from the mountain for me to feel." He throws last of rop over trunk branch. "To feel." He open hatch. "To feel open."

William climbs through hatch door and looks through the trap door. ,,Are you coming up?"

,,No," says Carlos. "I need to stretch the legs and get some fresh open air." 

William smiles. ,,Thanks for getting the rope." 

Carlos climbs to the ladder. He looks at William. ,,It's Shake's rope. He got it too."

,,I'll thank him, too," says William.

They smile. Carlos climbs down the ladder. William shuts the hatch door.

William shades face with palm from the beams of light shining through leaves and twigs. He looks from each of the five staircases, walks left and up woods stairs creaking beneath William's heavey foot fall.

The stairs step to a wooden path The branches and twigs form a hall frame. The fram halle and wooden path branch to doors covered with cotton woven cloth.

,,Hello," says Willliam. He stands and a listens. "Myst?"

A bird whistles and sings then flutters away. Leaves rustle and snore.

William shrugs and walks the path to the stairs to the lower platform. He walks across the platform and up stairs creaking and squeaking until stepping to a plaform and a table, chairs at the far edge in beams of bright sun and Shake sleeping on cloak.  ,,Food," says William. 

A fist of blackberries squish into mouth. Slices of turkey chews with loud chomps of an open mouth. Water is walked to and poured from pitcher to glass then dumped into mouth and over jaw. 

William swallows and rips a chunk of bread from laof and shoves it mouth. He chews bread and picks up his sword in scabbard and holds it up. Bread crumps fall from the corners of William's smiling mouth.

He opens saddle bags finds fish and tackle, wet stone, book Knightly Arms and Rites still with a pressed rose between pages. He finds the necklace of his family shielf of checkered red and blue. A lean-to muddy and wrinkled folded on top bedroll.

,,Where's the Armor?" He stacks everything one by on in a pile clearing a space on the table. "The guitar. Where?" He walks from table to Shake. He kneels. "Shake." 

Shake's forehead sweats, his lips mummble, and hand shake. 

William pushes Shake. ,,SHAKE!"

Shake fidgets. His hand scratches neck, slaps at William.

,,SHAKE!"

,,WHAT," says Shake slapping hand away and sliding to a sit before William.

,,My armor," says William. "Have you seen my amrmor?"

Shake rubs bloodshot eyes and pivots head side to side. ,,What's left is what's left? Should be all yours."
                         
William looks back, stands. ,,Most of it is mine, but a few rings, but there's no armor or guitar."  

William puts hands on hips and looks up. He inhale and exhales. He goes to table and tosses the pile of items one by one to the floor. Then he paces. "Where could it be?" 

Shake yawns and stands. He stretches arms to the side. ,,Could be  it feel off when Buckey."

William punches table. ,,GODS."

A ring by the platter bounces.

William picks up the ring, ,,What's this?"

,,Don't know." Shake folds blanket and stands. "Could be something for you?"

,,Maybe some one forgot to collect it?"

,,Nah, everyone's been through this stuff. Probably thought it was someone elses," says Shake. He wipes forehead with sleeve and yawns. "Could talk with Kirra. Think she was here first."

William's jaw bone chews jaw bone. He inhales then slowly exhales. ,,Maybe I should be a bard?" 

,,There's nothing in being a bard," says Shake.

William straps on sword and knfe, throws saddle bags over shoulder. He piles everything else in the bed rool and scoop up the bed roll like a sack full of trinkets.

,,Have more to eat," says Shake.

,,Not hungry any more," says William. "I am going to find Myst. Go through my things. Take a nap."

,,I'll look around." Shake rubs arm. "Maybe I can find something?"

William looks at Shake. ,,Shake, you should sleep. And try not to push yourself."

Shake grin, ,,Nay, I got to much life to live."

William stares at Shake, flash a shallow smile. "You live your own life."

William walks to the stairs then looks back. ,,Do you know where Myst is?"

Shake nods. 

Shake guide William down the steps and up the steps to the branch framed hall with woven cotton doors hanging over branching hall and walk way. He points. ,,I think she's in there."

,,Thanks, Shake," says William.

Shake nods and leaves.

William walks past the cotton hanging door and see Myst sleeping on a hammock swing over a wooden platform between two large braches.

The hammock is hung by a two more. 

William sets his bundle on the ground, rolls into a hommock and sways to sleep. 

Cotton Canopies separate the sun line into tiny slivers of light. Branch, twigs and leaves funnel breeze to blow over hammock hanging from branch to branch.

A gust pushes a hammock. The hammock sways.

Jan smiles. She looks to the cotton canopy swaying above her.

A energy grows inside Jan's mind. The cool force flows and swirls in head. 

Jan rolls from hammock dropping to ground, landing on hands and feet.

The energy in mind falls from head to chest. Cool warms to a glow burn in muscle and bone. 

Jan stands and graps a tree branch.

Energy flows from mind and body with the branch of tree. Energy flows from the three and through Jans bare feet, ankles, legs, body.

The tree and Jan become one. 

She feels the deep roots drink water and nutrients. She feels the timeless grow of roots through the dirt and rock. She feels the tips of leaves glow with sun light and the flow of sun from leaves to twigs to branch to trunk through her body.

Jan sees in mind the paths of the five staircases from the central platform. The stairs to the hammock rooms; strairs to the dinning room and sitting room; stairs to wide and broken platform free of rope rail; stairs spiralling around a trunk branch widing past holes covered with bark doors and filled with preserves and grains sealed in wax cloth and melded metal,  knives and clevers; stairs to a cotton door covered room with a basin below a funnel and bowl of water near  a shoot trhough limbs and leaves to the ground below.

The elements and forces flow around the fingers and toes her mind. The energy flows from tree to finger and toes, forearms and angles, arms and legs, body then mind.

,,Thank you," says Jan. She feels the glow.

A breeze blows over Jan, the hammocks and Kirra.

Kirra's snore rummbles and blows away with breath. A bird whistles and clicks. Sliver sunlight illuminates Jan's naked body. 

She grabs satchel and digs hand to bottom and between the foldes of leather flaps over the bottom. She pulls a brown cotton gown from satchel.

The satchel fall to the floor. 

She walks pulling the gown over head and leeting fall over body, graps robe, pushes Kirra's hammock,  walks through the doorway, the hall and down the stairs to the lower platform then up woodens stairs to a platform with an empty basin.

The gown and rope fall to ground. She puts a stick in a hole at the bottom of the basen and pulls cork from the bottom of the funnel letting a stream of water fill the bottom of basin until she pushe the cork into the funnel's bottom.

She sprinkles water over body feeling it's warm drops flow over mind and body letting thought drip below and dry and float above...

...The hammack of Kirra aways settles.

Kirra's snore stops and eyes slowly open. She peers through the sliver light adn throught the cotton woven canopy. ,,Mid day," she says. 

She steps to the floor with thump and creek. She pulls at bottom of leather short and shakes and pulls the leather pants. She pulls fingers through unbraided hairs, graps pack strap throws it over shoulder then walks from room to hall to stairs while braiding hair to two brown tail sticking from side of head. 

Sun light shines thorugh the trees and leaves. The leaves push with gusts and spread cool. The warm wood bends. 

She steps to platform. He bare feet press into the smooth branches bound to make a floor. her bare hands grab edge of hatch then lifts hatch. Slides to the split of tree, shuffles hands and feet in and out of carved ladder then she leaps to ground. 

Twigs and pebbles poke feet. 

She walks over twigs and pebbles, hears breathing and stops.

Spear sits behind brush with back against tree trunk, breath slow and steady, eye open and staring straight, hand gripping bastard sword.

Kirra smiles and steps away without sound between brush and tree. She slides arms through pack straps and pulls it tight against back. She look over the ground picking up straight sticks then holding up the sticks and hold them to the sky peering along hte stick. 

Some stick she tosses aside and others she pust to forearm holding on to only the straightes of sticks. 

Sticks are pulled from under leaves, brush. 

She breaks off twigs from branches then measures their plane from tip to tip then tosse them to the ground.

,,Four," she says. She signs and puts hands on hip peering through brush and ground cover. With head pivoting side to side she ties four straight sticks to pack and walks back to the tree peering as far as she can she and hearing the sound that be.

Buckey steps and eats brush moving leaves and twigs with nose from leaves of grass. The tree density becomes thick toward the sun rise horizon. 

Birds sing between trees. Distant river flow ripples through tree and bush. 

Kirra grabs hold of tree trunk, climbs to ladder to the hatch and through the hatch. She walks stairs to table with food and a ring and a closed sack. 

Minst sits in chair covered in sun on far end of wooden platform. 

Shake lays on side in the shodows of branches and leaves. He rolls from one side to the other side. He scratch heads and rubs arms. Eyes are covered with eyelids.

Kirra walks to the table of carrafe and glasses by the wooden seats in the sun.

Minst sleeps sitting in chair. Chin rest on chest. Book lays open on lap. 

Kirra takes off her back and sets it on floor and sit in chair. She pours some wine then takes a drink. She stars from the platform.

Over the tree tops a wall of bolders and rock rise between the distant and steep sides of the canyon. 

Kirra opens the pack, removed a small pack and opens the pack.

Small metal cones shke in a net swen to side of pack. A small book of flowers shut with strink. A flat knife blade with handle is tied to side. 

Kirra unties the straight sticks and sets the stick on lap and drinks wine letting the wine rest in mouth and slowly slide down thraot as she pulls flat blade over striaght stick until smooth. She taks a small still cone and presses it against the tips jamming over tips of stick. Then she slowly saws and slides bladed down the middle of other end of stick twic createing a deep cross. After opening the book in the pack revealing rimmed and shaped feather sliding four half into slits. Then she winds thread around the tips of feather fastening them to end.

,,An arrow," says Minst.

Kirra nods. ,,Not enough dry straight sticks." She flattens twig nubs and flows of wood flaks. 

Minst yawns and extends arms. ,,Dreams after reading spells is weird." He closes his spell book. "Weird because I don't have to study and I don't need componnets. I just caste spells in dreams." Minst stands. He squints as he stares to the bolder and rock wall. "Or I just see the swirl, gather and release of magic." He looks at Kirra.

She cuts tip of arrow shaft.

Minst picks up pack, slips book inside and throw pack strop around shoulder. He walks to table and takes two apples and strips of dried pepper and some cheese The pepper and apples are slipped into the side of the pack and eats the cheese on the walk down the main platform. 

He open attach and lowers to the trunk split and looks down.

Far below Spear sleeps against the tree trunk. 

He graps rope and unwinds rope around tree branch and lets end drop. Then he climbs down ladder and rope to the ground landing with a crack and crunch. 

Spear leaps from brush rising sword high!

Minst steps back, trips over brush and falls. ,,WAIT!"

Spear holds sword raised and still. He stares down at Minst. Spear lows sword and smiles. ,,You walks as soft and silent as a ogre horde." He reaches out hand and helps Minst to feet.

Minst stands and brushes leather pants. He winks at Spear,  ,, I have a spell for silence." He looks through the trees and brush. "If I can find the components."

Spear nods and sits behind the brush and lays sword over legs. 

,,Good sleep," says Minst and steps through the trees and brush looking under leaves and rocks, twigs and grass, dirt and moss. 

He finds feathers of a bird,  (Look in the Players Hand book second edition for some components that Minst can both use  and trade.) ...and bat shit.

Boulders rise above the ground and span left and right through the trees and brush disappearing in the forest. 

Minst picks up the bat shit and takes a small pouch and puts the bat shit inside like with the other material components. 

A small cavern deepens into the darkness between two boulders. Minst steps to the opening then looks back and at the sun. 

The sun past its zenith. 

A louds goblins scretch echoes a whisper. No birds sings.

Wind blows carrying a stence of decay.

Minst walks away from the boulder and rock wall into the thick of the forest. 

Branches snap, brush rubs, leaves crunch under Minst's heavy foot.

He looks up to the tops of the trees and around the tree trunks. He smiles and shakes head side to side. ,,,Where am I?"

Wind gusts and blows. 

Minst walks deeper in the forest. 

A few birds sing and flap by.

Bird song silenced by a whinney and a gallop.

Minst smiles. ,,Buckey."

Buckey gallops with side skip around brush and tree trunks. Hooves kick up leaves and dirt leaving deep imprints in ground. Head flows up and down with legs reaching pulling and pushing the world around. 

Between an instance, Buckey pushes hooves into the ground then walks to Minst. His nose flares. He snorts and steps by Minst.

Minst reaches out and pets Buckey's neck. ,,You came in time of need, my friend."

Bucke lowers and turns head touching back of ear to Minst's hand.

Minst scratches behind Buckey's ear. ,,Buckey you may be the the hero of us all."

Buckey blusters. 

Minst looks at the tree tops and to the sky. ,,Do you know the way back to the tree?" 

Buckey moves head up and down. 

"Youre amazing," says Minst.

Buckey walks around and tree and toward the distant river.

Minst follows Buckey.  

They step from mucky to dirt to Muck. The see endless rows of trees. They hear a distant stream between tweets of birds.

Buckey's suanters right.

Minst walks and steps over puddles from and to needles, leavs, twigs, rocks brush. He looks up and the sun and sky.

Tall trees tow above. Pines and gaint white oak reach up and spread canopy touching each other. 

Sunlight shines around the edge of space between leave, needle and twig and branch. Sunligt castes shadows around trunk tip and hear of tree. Sunlight shines around lines, corners and planes. 

Minst points up. "Are those the tree..." He looks at Buckey. "The tree house."

Buckey sways head side to side.

"Branching."

Buckey's head bounces up and down. 

They walk. 

Buckey steps slow and sure. He looks between the trees waiting for movement. His ears are raised and stiff waiting for sound to change and to be told of another.

Minst looks along the tree tops. He looks full circle only see trees and brush. He kicks the dry dirt. ,,Dry," he says.

Buckey stand. He clomps hooves. A long and loud whinney escapes Buckey's open mouth. He steps behind and tree, bites the rope and walks from behind the tree to before Minst.

Minst smiles. ,,Buckey."

Another whinney silences the birds' songs.

Willaim, in the hammack high above Buckey, says,  ,,Buckey." He opens eyes.

William sits up.

The hammock sways. 

He swings feet to ground, steps from hammocks. He stumbles and hits Myst's hammock.

Myst's hammocks swings. She shakes heaad and presses and relaxes eye lids. 

William walks through sleep pushing aside cotton door. He rubs eyes and yawns. ,,Buckey." He walks from halls and downsteps to platform. He looks over edge. 

Buckey kicks front hooves in to the air pushing a whinney up and beyond.

Minst waves. 

William ties leather shoe and buckles loose belt. He opens hatch and climps down. He reaches and grabs rope sliding down scraping hands. He shakes hand and says, ,,I didn't forget about you."

Buckey steps near William. 

William hugs neck.

,,Buckey is a wonderful horse," says Minst.

,,The best." William steps back and scratches behind buckey's ears. 

Minst looks at Buckey. ,,Thanks for guiding be back here." He winks to William then grabs rope and climbs to ladder goes through hatch and to the platform with chairs and wine passing Myst along the way.

Myst yawns. ,,Is William on the gound."

Minst nods. 

Mysts slides through hatch, closes hatch and climbs down the trunk to the ground. She looks up at the tree tops and into the shadow. ,,It will be dark soon."

William brushing Buckey's maine with fingers and nods.

Myst stand next to William pressing her front against his back.,,Buckey, will you let me ride with you."

Buckey snorts and waves head up and down.

Myst grabs Williams hand. ,,May William join?"

Buckey waves head up and down.

Myst swings to Buckey's back.

William looks up with a soft smile. ,,Slide back, so I can get on."

,,No," says Myst. "You ride on Buckey's behind."

,,But I need to guide," says Wiliam.

Msyt settles legs onto Buchey's back. ,,I believe Buckey is more than able to guide us."

Buckey blusters and snort.

William smiles. He lifts and slides over Buckey's rump. ,,When ever you're ready, Buckey." 
Buckey, Myst and William walk the forest. Myst and William cuddle and kiss. William reaches around an grabs Mysts hands. Myst pulls in his hands close to waist. 

They walk slow and quiet around the house in the trees the return to the tree. 

Myst dismounts and steps back. ,,I am going to have some wine and talk with Reign."

William slides toward Buckey's neck and pats neck with hand. ,,I will be up soon."

Myst point to a bush and a trunk. ,,Is that Spear?"

William looks back. ,,Yes, yes it is."

Spear sits with back against trunk. His eyes open and breath slow and steady. 

,,And he didn't hear us?" says Myst.

,,He knows our sounds." William lowers chest and head near Myst. 

William and Myst  kiss.

William pats Buckey's neck. Buckey walks away.

William and Myst's lips part. 

Buckey turns head and steps backward. He stops and stares at Myst.

Myst grabs Buckey and kisses Buckey's forehead and rubs his pull. She smiles and steps back.

Buckey whinnies and kicks front hooves high. William leans forward with Buckey's rise. They land, step, kick, gallop away.

,,Buckey's in love with you, too," says Spear.

Myst turns and says to spear. ,,Maybe." She walks to tree trunk and past Spear. "Did we wake you?" She grabs rope.

,,No," says Spear. "Hunger woke me." Spear smiles. He stands and sheathes sword. He stares up the ladder and the tree. ,,I have not feel for returning to a tree top cave." 

,,I will bring you food," says Myst.

Spear looks at Msyt. ,,Thank you, but no." Spear walks to trunk. ,,What I feel is something that needs to be confronted."

Myst rape. Spear grabs tree. They climb the tree, help the other through the hatch and walk with slience to the table of food and wine.

Kirra, Jan, Minst, Carlos sit at far end of of platform illuminated but the deep rays of falling sun. Shake lays on back along a shadow of a tree. 

The table covered with crumps of food. Food stacks are now scatterd piles. A ring and a statchel and a pack fill empty pace on table top. Piles of shoes and packs and bed rolls rest upon and lean against chiars around table. 

Spear stops at the table and eats food. Myst walks to the the sun and talk.

Sun shines from behind over the tree top and upon the edge of the over look. The boulder and rock wall rising from the trees shines light brays and white. The forest floor dims below the shadow of the tree canopy and contrasts against the sun shining behind Myst.

Myst's longs shadow flows over Carlos and Jan. Jan sit at the edge with eyes closed and face toward the sun. Carlos sits in chair with back toward Myst and the Sun.

,,Hello, Myst," says Carlos. He picks up carafe and a glass, pours wine in glass and lifts glass over hear. "Would you like some wine?"

Myst smiles and grabs the wine. 

,,We have been talking about how Kirra's keg mug may be of the same nature," says Carlos setting the caraf on table.

Minst swallows some wine, smacks lips. ,,It's got some magic in it.

,,That one hasn't emptied yes," says Kirra.

,,And the wine is not as good as the beer." says Carlos.

Myst drinks wine an sits on the platform between Kirra and Carlos, ,,Have any of you talked about what happened last night."

Smiles and eyelids lower. The stare forward into darkness or at their glasses of wine. 

Minst moves wine glass in small circles twirling the wine. ,,I have no desire for death. He looks at Myst, but I am wanting of adventure." Minst stands and sways. He stares into the wine, smiles. "And some loot to begin something of my own would be nice."

Kirra set glass down. ,,What is beyond that rock wall is what intrests me." She looks at Jan. "Us."

,,What is beyond the wall," says Myst.

,,Sorrow," says Jan.

,,Goblins and Hobgoblins," says Carlos.

Spear steps from behind. ,,We should avoid that place, walk up the side of the mountian and to the valley if that is our quests." Bits of food fly out of mouth. "But if that goblin queen and its need to be killed then let them die by my sword." He swallows.

Myst drinks more wine. ,,I don't trust Branch. I don't trust the reason for us going to kill the two." Myst looks into the dimming night and the rock wall. "I think this whole quest for some family heirloom is foolhardy."

Carlos nods. ,,Will you words be as true when William nears the reach of your voice."

Myst nods, ,,William will know how I feel." She sips more wine. "I will go were William goes if nothing for the adventure and freedom."

,,We will be leaving for the swamp," says Kirra. "My nature grow a fate that will guide us to the cause of the swamp." She shrugs. "Branch." She swallows the wine glass and reaches for the carafe. "Branch isn't to be trusted, but Branch has not altered my fate nor quest." 

Myst picks up the carafe and leans giving it to Kirra. 

,,Thank you." Kirra pours wine to glass. "Branch may have given clues as to Jan's vision, but..." She shrugs. "But I need more drink and less talk."

Myst smiles. The smile fade as she peers at Carlos. ,,And you twenty percent deal with Branch. What are you going to do if we choose to not go after these goblin rulers and do what Spear wants and go high in the mountain to get to the Valley. The real beginning to our destination."

Carlos stares at Myst. ,,I may return to branch and enjoy it's entertainment. I may seek to find the queen and warlock exist. I may travel through the East canyon and spread tales and songs for money. I may return to the bar I met William and buy it." He grabs the carafe and pours.

Minst yawns. ,,Wine makes me sleepy." He rubs the top of his book. "And my head is full of symbols and sounds. Actions."

Carlos and Jan yawn. 

Spear sits on the ground, graps the carafe and pours a glass, drinks.

They sit and drink. They stare at the tree tops, the moutain sides, the rock wall.

The sunlight fades.   

,,That felt quick," says William.

Myst looks back. 

William walks from stairs to table. He picks up a slice of ham and chews.He walks to the group.

"You're a lively bunch."

Minst lays on chiar. His head is back and mouth open. Eyes closed and check slowly riasing and lowering. 

Carlos's head leans forward touching chin to chest.

Jan sitting lotus, back straight, eyes closed.

Myst looks back. ,,It must be the wine."

,,yes," says Spear. He tosses wine from glass over the side of the platform. "More witchery by that Branch. That Branch thing." He stands and sways the sits. 

,,Maybe you should sleep up here tonight, my friend," says William.

Spear slowly nods with eyes closed. 

Kirra looks to the heaven. ,,It is the wine." She yawns. "So what are going to do tomorrow, William?"

William swallows a mouth full. He clears throat. ,,I was hoping you would help me discover the truth of what Branch claims. If that truth leads ot a goblin ruler then I will kill it."

Kirra smiles. ,,If it is for the good of the swamp." She raise wine glass. "I will slay it with you."

William smiles and wink, looks at Myst, ,,And you, my love?"

,,I am with you," says Myst.

Spear lay back along the wooden branch. He closes eyelids. ,,Did you bring up the rope."

,,Aye." William sits on the platform behind Myst. 

Myst looks back and looks at him through half closed eyes. ,,What do you believe Branch is? And what about what Branch is. And you father? And the whole Branch thing? What? What do you think?"

William stares at Myst. ,,I am still thinking. It is possible what she say about knowing my father could be true. And Branching." He shrugs. "I don't know. I really don't know what to believe. I only know that if there is a slight possiblity of a growing goblin horde I need to try to stop it now."

Spear snores. Kirra's head is titled back with eyes closes and mouth wide.

,,And those undead," says Myst.

,,I don't know," says William.

Their share a stare. William stands. ,,I am going to return to the hammock and sleep."

,,Sleep here with me," says Myst. "Feel safer around everyone and with you."

William looks over the sleeping compainions. He smiles. ,,Very well."

William walks to the hammock room, grabs back and returns with bedroll. He spreads it over the platform. 

Myst and William lay close and tight holding together. They sleep.




