Kirra slaps Carlos on the shoulder. ,,DRINK THIS CARLOS!"

Carlos grabs her hand and squeezes. His eyes open, and he smiles. 

,,CORN LIQUOR." Kirra sit in chair.

Carlos sniffs, ,,That's what I smell." He sits up. 

Myst walk in with a smile. ,,Carlos is awake." She sits on couch next to Carlos. 

Spear cheers from the kitchen. 

Spear, Minst, Willliam, Shake and Jan stand on once side of the kitchen. Jan steps forward and throws a dagger end over end through the kitchen to the other side into a hung butcher baord marked in center with a purple circle.

The dagger sticks outside the purple circle.

Shake quickly claps top of left hand to center of palm. ,,I win."

Jan walks to the butcher board and pulls knife out. William bats hand and walks out door crabbing a wooden mug on the way out. Spear peers at Shake then clasps Jan's shoulder as she slide the knife into a block. ,,Good arm," says Spear.

Jan looks from Shake to Spear, ,,,Not good enough." She smiles, winks, "But thanks."

Shake picks up two silver from corner of table and slides them into tunic. He walks from the kitchen to the dark parlor room.

,,Friendly guy," says Spear. He walks by Jan and reaches and graps hanging salami then the butcher's block then the knife and cuts a piece off the salami. He talks with mouth closed while chewing, "He probably has thrown with that knife before."

,,Spear," says Carlos, "Would you be so kind to bring that salami to me."

Carlos sits up on couch. Kirra shoves drink before Carlos. Carlos takes the wooden mug. He sniffs. ,,Smells sweet." Carlos grabs the mug, nods, drinks and drinks.

The mug is empty.

Carlos smacks lips., ,,That's good!"

,,That's," says Kirra. She lays back in chair. "Made it myself."

,,Drank most of it last night," says Myst. She sips on her green tea."

Kirra shakes head, ,,One more mug left."  

Carlos stands, ,,How long you been making corn liquor." He stretches arms and back.

,,Well." Kirra looks up and tap finger upon arm of chair, "It has been..."

She was the only child of single father who farmed, trapped and made liquor to feed and maintain the farm.

Her father retired scout for the Coast King during the Orc and Ogre Alliance Wars. And it was during the Orc and Ogre Alliance Wars that her mother was killed by the humans guiding and creating the Orce and Orgre alliance for revenge of her father's ranger team shift. Her father sent her to the neighbors while he finished the war and returned to the farm a hero of the kingdom. Her father left the king's  service and to the open lands to farm and trap and survive. 

The farm raised Kirra as much as her father. She woke early during hot summer days to weed and blow before the sun rose. Seed during the day. Irrigate when needed. During the harvest season is working day and night that made the winter.

The surrounding forest and her father were a better class room than most academies and boarding schools or local sages. During the winter and during noons and nights she learned how to track and trap animals. She was taught how to move without sounds. She saw the effects of how houses and towns changed the local life of the forests. She  learned how to read the forest for it to tell her what had happened. She learned to communicate with animals. She learned to grow and respect her father. 

It was this closeness with her father that grew her love of brewing beer and liquor. For much of her early life, Kirra's father would spend the night tending to the art of brewing and kegging beer and liquid. It was has some thing he called His Place of Peace. It was a show of his great patience in life and enhanced a patience shown as he taught Kirra how to hide while running through a forest or where to hold the bow and and arrow. It was the creating of liquor that brought Kirra and her father closer together.  

Her father began to teach her brewing after she insisted she deserved to know how to perform all the duties on the farm. She first began to brew when she was twelve. She had her first drink behind the barn at sixteen. She shared her first beer with her dad when she had left the farm to learn with more forests. Before she left, Kirra won an award for her liquor, the Keg Mug.

,,The Keg Mug," says Carlos. He holds up the mug. "I felt the magic. Thought it was the liquor. How do I get it to fill."

Kirra stands and walks from rooms, says before leaving, ,,Say the magic word." 

Carlos bends over sets mug on wooden pedistal by chair and bends to legs and stretches back.

Spear stands in doorway and stares at everyone in the room at once. He drinks from a silver chalice.

Carlos pulls chest to keens and turns head. ,,That's a shiny mug."

Spear focuses stare everywhere at Carlos. ,,It is."

Spear and Carlos stare.    

Carlos winks, ,,Does it to anything more than hold water?"

Spear stares at Carlos, says, ,,It shines." He walks from door frame and walks out the kitchen door.

The door shuts. 

Minst steps to door frame. Minst yawns. Minst sets stare on open spot on couch behind Carlos. 

Carlos lifts chest and pivots shoulders back bending at waist. ,,Does anyone know how William is travelling to this keep." Carlos looks at the ceiling and leans back, "Is everyone going by horse?"

Myst smiles, ,,A magic carpet." 

Carlos laugh from throat. He lifts head and glances at Myst then leans head back and looks at ceiling, smiles. ,,Does Buckey know about this?"

Myst laughs. ,,Yes."

Minst smiles.

Kirra shrugs and stands and steps before Minst.

Minst steps back.

Kirra walks through doorway.

Carlos says, ,,What's the magic word?"

,,GRAB HANDLE. SAY: KEG MUG FILL," says Kirra aloud. She walks outside.

Carlos reaches and grabs handle, ,,Keg mug fill."

The Keg Mug fills with a deep brown malt. 

,,THANK YOU!" bellows Carlos.

Carlos raise chest vertical with legs then he raises arms up and leans chest to the side.

,,Are you going to go with us?" says Myst.

Carlos says, ,,Do you want me to go?"

Myst burps, ,,Please miss forgive."

,,She will forgive," says Carlos.

Myst nods, ,,Yes," she exhales slow. "You need to come."

Carlos leans chest right and lets loose a moan.  

Myst snores.

Carlos stands, grabs the Keg Mug, says, ,,There are couches in the parlor up front." He walks by Minst. 

Minst follows. He walk yawns and walks to polar.

Carlos yawns and walks outside. 

Kirra, Spear, William, Buckey and Shake stand in scattered circle before stable door.

William feeds Buckey a carrot. Kirra combs Buckey mane. Spear leans agains stable and stares at the fence line and road. Shake cruches still in the shadows caste from the lamp light haning from pole above stable door around buckey.

They all laugh and look at William. Buckey lifts tail and steps. 

,,Carlos," says William.   

Carlos walk into light, ,,It's okay, You can keep telling jokes about me." 

William says, ,,Only if it will get you to come along?"

,,Spear," says Carlos, "Do you want me to come?"

Spear stares at the fence line, ,,Don't care."

,,I want you to come," says William, "We need your help."

,,We don't need his wooly hide to keep the heat on us." Shake appears by Carlos. "Can't even sense me moving."  

Carlos shrugs, ,,Wasn't looking for you." Carlos stares at Shake. "This one William seems enough to take on the whole valley."

Willaim walks from Buckey, ,,We know you lived here when the keep was still used."

Carlos grins and winks to Shake, ,,So this sheep's wool is worth something."

Shake steps close to Carlos. 

Carlos stands. 

William walks by Shake, ,,We need you."

Carlos nods head, ,,Fifty-percent take on the coin. An equal chance for any magic. I get the songs and tales and maps found."

William nods, ,,Yes."

Shake huffs. He spits by Carlos's feet.

Carlos looks at Shake, ,,What's the difference between a theif and a bard?"

Shake shakes head. Williams says, ,,What?"

,,Theives use bad metaphors. And bards don't get caught stealing." Carlos grabs Shakes hand. Shakes fingers under sash.

Shake lifts hand and turns hand to reveal a necklace with a locket.

The locket glitters and castes tiny rainbows. The locket spins.

Shake sneers, ,,Shines like baby Carlos's shine new born butt,"

Carlos and Shake stare. 

Shake slips hand from Carlos's grip and graps dogger hilt hidden by hip. 

Carlos laughs. Chest shakes and his beard sways. He snaps fingers. 

The necklace fades from Shakes hands.

Shake pulls dagger from from slit sheath sewn under pants. 

Carlos grabs the wrist of hand holding dagger.

,,SHAKE," says William.

,,You do tremble," says Carlos. 

Shakes arm and hand shakes and pushes up. He relaxes arm.

Carlos lets go of Shake's wrist.  

,,We don't need this for the whole trip," says William.

Shake steps back grinning and head nodding and finger point. ,,We don't need no dwarf."

,,Shake!" says William. 

Carlos looks to William and shruggs, ,,If you can't control the rat then we'll end up in the sewer with it." Carlos waves hand infront of nose, "Then we'll all smell like dung and piss."

William steps between Carlos and Shakes. He stares at shakes and nods away and stares more.

Shakes nods and walks away.

,,Sorry," says William. "He's got."

,,Hate inside," says Carlos. 

,,Blame," William looks at Carlos. "Once he gets to know you he'll-"

,,He'll learn reasons to hate me," smile Carlos. He shrugs. He says, "How are we travelling to the lost keep?" 

Spear swallos ale and laughs from throat, ,,I'm not travelling on that thing."

William looks at Spear, ,,A magic carpet." He looks at Carlos.

Carlos strokes his beard. ,,I'll walk."

,,But!" says William. He looks around and walks to house. "Come on. I'll show you."

Spear and Kirra empty cups and follow William and shake to kitchen door. The walk to kitchen. Carlos follows.

They from kitchen to parlor room. 

Minst sleeps on a pile of pillows.

The walk past Minst and down stones to a steel door.

William pushes the door.

The walk       

