
A whistle pierces Minst's mind.  

Minst's eyes open. 

Darkness surrounds. Darkness flows to dark blue borders around black.

Minst rolls over and sees the orange and red outlines and contours of Spear, Myst, William and Carlos. 

Minst hears Carlos snore and Buckey's hooves clomp on ground.

Buckey lowers head and blusters next to William's head. 

William sleep sitting agains the wall. His head slumped down. Sword is over lap. He walks with  a jolt. 

,,My alarm," says Minst with a hush tone.

William lifts head and blinks. ,,Dark."

Minst crawls over to Carlos. ,,Carlos."

Carlos snores.

"Carlos."

Carlos snore stops. 

William says, "Carlos."

,,I am Carlos," says Carlos.

,,My Alarm," says Minst.

Carlos smacks lips and tongue to roof of mouth. ,,The." He sits up. "The alarm. Right." He yawns louds. "How many?"

Minst says with whisper. ,,I don't know. I can't tell. Eye must have been crunched."

William leans over and whispers to Mysts ear. ,,Myst. Minst's alarm."

Myst grabs the star under cloak.

William says with strict whispers. ,,Carlos. Spear. Kirra. I can't see. Loud."

Carlos yawns, nods and streatches, stands. 

,,Light," says William. "What about light?" 

Carlos shrugs and walks to pools of acid.

A streak of orange runs from pool of acid. It form fades and flows. 

Kirra runs by Carlos. Her bow in hand. 

Jan walks toward spear. Spear lays by fire and pool.

,,Kirra and Jan know." Carlos stretches. "And it appears to me that Jan is walk to Spear.

,,What about light?" says William. "I can't see my sword before my eyes." He stands and raises sword before face. 

,,I will cast another light spray," says Carlos.

,,What about the goblins?" says Myst. "Do they see through the night?"

Carlos yawns, nods. ,,Yes."

Minst pulls out two small bags from his sack and hangs them from belt. He pulls dagger from sheath. His eyes follow Kirra run silent through the tunnel. 

,,What about the invisibility?" says William.

,,We could," says Carlos. 

,,Blast me light!" says William. 

Carlos points over to Jan and Spear. ,,If my eyes tell a story of truth then I do see Jan walking toward Spear."

Spear sleeps sitting and slouched  between shore of small lake and cool fire pit. Bastard sword lay on ground clasped in hand. He hears a scrape and crunch of bone.

,,It's Jan," says Jan. "I felt something. Kirra went into the tunnel." She steps to the edge of the fire pit. "Everyone is moving in the distant."

Spear stands with sword at side. ,,We should join the others."

Jan leads and Spear follows. They walk to the Carlos, Myst, William and Minst.

,,Where's Kirra?" says Jan.

Carlos guffs and Minst points. ,,Ran like she seen a dragon to the tunnel."

,,I felt something," says Jan. 

,,Goblins," says William.

,,It may be goblins," says Minst. He looks at Jan. "I only felt the alarm. Eye to see was smashed."

,,Light," says Spear. ,,I agree, we need it," says William. 

,,We wait until Kirra returns," say Jan. 

,,I agree," says Minst. ,,Yes," says Myst.

Kirra walks and steps and jogs from rock to rock and boulder to boulders. She follows the cool blue outlines to the tunnel split and then the incline tunnel up. She slows step to sure casting no sound from food. Bow in one hand and sword in other she listens by the the tunnel entrance.

Rocks clonk and clack and shifting echoes with faints sounds of hobgoblin talk and armor clashing clinking.

Peering up into the darkness, Kirra steps slow beyond the entrance. 

Cool blue shades outline black shapes.

There is a very distant shriek and yell.

A rock knocks and jumps down the tunnel's incline.

Kirra steps back, turns and walk a silent and steady path from the tunnel to the cavern to the group watching her approach. She sheaths sword and pulls an arrow from quiver.

Jan says, ,,What are their numbers?"

,,A group," says Kirra, "Beyond sight. Decending slow."

,,Advancing scout," says William.

,,Maybe," says Kirra.

,,Light," says Spear. "We need to see to swing or shoot."

,,Darkness will be to their advantage." Kirra looks to the tunnel then the pool. 

,,They know we're here," says Minst.

,,Let there be light." Carlos steps away.

,,We could blast the tunnel," says Minst. He looks at Carlos. "Your blast darts."

Carlos shakes head. ,,The tunnel may come upon us." Then he walks to the lair.

Kirra lifts her bow. ,,I will fire a flamed arrow when they near." She walks back to the tunnel. He steps fast and firm.

,,What about us," says William. "We need to ready."

Spear lifts his sword. ,,Grab your sword."

The cavern illuminates. Small balls of lights arch and decend to the cavern bottom. The light illumintates the distance. 

,,What the invisibility?" says William.

Spear walks to the light. ,,To late."

,,The eggs," says Jan. "I feel them." Her peer looks to the pool of acid and pulls her body to the pool of acid.

William raises his sword. ,,We need to keep together. A group."

Minst nods and follows Jan running over the rock and bone.

An arrow with a flaming tip files through the tunnel and into the pool of water. 

,,The lair ." William walks and stumbles. "We need light in the lair." 

Spear and Myst step and stride over rock and bone to smooth ground of polished stone and mud. 

Minst stands in the dark and holds a small bag of guano.

In the distand Kirra runs around rock and holes over the floor. 

Kirra runs by Minst. She reaches and grabs his shoulder. ,,Come." She pulls Minst. "We need the group."

Minst grips bag and looks through the tunnels borders of blue and object shades. His shoulder is pulls. His foot and head follows the pull and the pull follow kirra.

The run toward the group standing by Jan in the big lite dragon lair.

William poinst swords at dark tunnel. ,,Carlos can you cast light in the tunnel and darkness here."

Carlos nods. ,,Your squireship sunk something into you." Carlos hmmms a low base. He opens arms wide and lifts them up then brings open palms together. 

The small balls of lights floating by the ceiling and walls flow in streams to a swirling ball of light. 

Carlos raises the bass to a high pitch scretch and trusts arms and body to toss the small balls of light like a sling into the tunnel.

Small light balls fly and spread across the cieling and walls of the tunnels illuminating from the dragon lairs entrance to the split in the tunnel. 

Carlso lets the tune fade to silence. He twinkles finger tips and the small lights twinkle. A smile speads over face.

,,Wow," says Minst. "Can you teach me that spell?"

,,Can you sing?" says Carlos. He pulls out a dart and his hammer.

William stares. ,,Thank you, Carlos."

,,Now what?" says Myst.

Kirra slides bow and arrow back and aims it at the enterence of the tunnel. ,,We ready. We fire."

,,How close?" says Spear.

Kirra aims arrow. ,,Be ready to fire."

,,How many?" says William. 

,,Ten to twelve hobgoblins." She slowly inhale and exhales. 

William looks at his sword the points at Spear's sword. ,,I don't want to stand and wait to swing." 

,,We must heed," says Spears. "Then we will strike when they pass middle."

Myst's stare amulent warms. Then cools. ,,We need you blessing... The task is unsure...Yes...All will be...We need the help to defend."

A clam and focus flows through the minds and bodies of Kirra, Jan, Spear, William, Carlos and Minst. Fears speaking voice in their minds and shaking feelings of uncertainity push and pull from body. Arms and legs feel to move as one. The sphere expands connecting Kirra, Jan, Spera, William, Carlos, Minst and Myst.

Jan kneels to the ground

Minst opens a bag and smear bat guano and plams and begins to Kant and spit sounds.

Illuminations brights and closes and dance. Eyes focus through the long tunnel to its other darkends.

A hobgoblin dressed in the steel breast plate with  family crest of william. Its shining surface twinkles and shines.




