Minst, Kirra, Jan, Myst, William and Spear set side by side into the forest. Minst steps high over the snow, glances forward, holds pack with one shoulder and looks through component packets, pute them in groups and pops a few onto the belt while holding his sling. Kirra grabs a new arrow and inspects itsshaft, feathers
and arrows heard when making smiles with Jan. Jan smiles with Kirra, and they smile and  walk as Jan feels the cold of the snow be warmed by Kirra.

Myst looks at Kirra and Jan and smiles and then glances at William trying not to frown.

,,What was the name of the town?'' says William.

,,Midvalley?'' says Spear.

,,The one near the canyon end,'' says William.

,,Lyno,'' says Minst. ''Lyno was the town.''

,,Lyno,'' says William. ''Lyno.'' He pulls on the robe holding armor. Armor hits against back with each wide steps into the snow.

The snow reflects twinkling sun shining like diamonds and like the illusion of the sign from Reighn. The showdows part the grouds and of shining snow.

The wind blows and covers teh sound of the river flow between rocks and shores.  The sound of leaves rustle free snow mist the spary over the skin of the pack.

The packs walks forth and to a group. The pack watches groups of soldiers walking through snow and reflection clinking and knocking their way through the trees. 

A few dark clad begins stand against the shade and shodows.

Their feet step over and skinn snow crusted and cold. Spear steps to walk behind William. Myst walks behind Myst. Jan and Kirra walk behind Myst, and Minst step behind looking along the ine of the pack.

They walk and William smile. ,,Are you sure it's wise to have me lead?"

,,Yes,'' says Spear.

,,Follow the sun and the canyon walls,'' says Minst.

William and Spear glance at each other, smile and walk through the snow, between the trees and through the canyon. 

Hooves and feet mark travel in trails toward the river.

William pushes and kicks a path widened by Spear and stepped by the pack. His armor slide and shifts over back. Blue's forest armor is warped around.

Kirra walks path from back to William. She looks and steps at the tracks. She steps and follows a set of deer hooves. ,,Follow.''

William nods and follows. The pack folllows. Kirra leads to the rivers edge and a narrow path between snow along and near the river bank.

The trail spans as wide as spear and step to mud and dead plants upon froozen and slushed mud.

The wind blows and cools and dries the sweat around the necks and wrists of the armor over Williams, Myst, Spear, Kirra. The wind blows over and away from the surface of the armor keeping the hide coats warm and heating body to sweat, itch.

The itch spreads and deepens as the sun rises, shadows part and the wind blows to gusts then away.

The pack walks and walks look forward and to the side. The pack stretches and slows as the side rises abive the canyon. The smell campfire and sound of clashing armor fade.

Sweat slips and slides between hide and flesh of William, Myst and Kirra. Spear feels good in his blue armor cover and  hide coats shoes. 

The sun peaks never shining away the shadows and almost warming the face and hands. The wind slow, stays the blows as the  sun lowers.

The pack walks the animal trail scarring a few deer. The deer scatter into the forest squeezed between the waving canyon wall following a slow flow of the river.

,,Hungry,'' says William chewing on a root. ''Hungry for a steak.''

,,Deer,'' says Spear.

,,Won't Blue care?'' says Minst.

Kirra steps. ,,Blue.''

Blue is not what Jan feels. With each step a deep feeling of dread and fears rise from the deep of Jan's mind and float away left on the trail with the foots prints. 

Spear walks looking at the ground and watching the space between the treees for movement. His feet

Kirra looks between the trees and watches the rise and fall of cropping of rocks. She eats nuts and drinks  the cold water in water skin never stopping a steady pace along the herd trail.

William follows Kirra. He shifts armor from right shoulder to left shoulder and back. He looks at his gauntlet and glancesback at Myst trying to catch as stare. As the sun sets to dusk, his shoulders slump under the weight of the armor and the stares away when he glances back to Myst.

Myst taps here drums and hum. She sings with Reighn in the mind and prays for Reighn's guidance step after step after step through the cold.

A cold lost on Minst. Minst as he shuffles through pack and components, stumbles. He checks spell, book, dagger, hilt and the  satchel with the disk.

They pack eats nuts and roots. They walk with calm and peace of Myst's song. A song William begins to humm and voice during the sun's descent until the sun fades to dark and Minst speaks from the song.

,,Sleep,'' says Minst. ''Where will we sleep? I need to read before I sleep now that the head feels stable.

Kirra looks back then points through the dim of dusk. ,,There's a rock cropping and a clearing we passed forty strides ago?''

William stops walking, stands. ,,Sleep is music to my mind.'' He yawns. 

Spear yawns. ,,More walk now or later is still walk.'' He grabs his arm and rubs the sore beneath the flesh. ''Rocks.''

,,I don't like sleeping on rocks,'' says Minst.

,,The mud and snow?'' says Kirra.

,,Were would be the safest place?'' says Myst.

Kirra stops and turns. ,,From cold or creatures?''

,,Both?''

,,Aren't we protected in the canyon?'' says Minst.

,,Do you trust Blue?'' says William.

,,No, but...''

,,No harm creature will harm you,'' says Jan. Jan pulls her algea cloak tight.

Myst stops her hum and tap. ,,Cold may be more deadly then any creature. 

,,Follow the animal trail to find shrub or cave,'' says Kirra.

,,What if we are attacked?'' says Minst looking through the trees.

,,You will not be harmed,'' says Jan.

,,Could we have a fire?'' 

,,No fire,'' says Kirra. "No wood.''

The wind gusts and becomes a breeze. Finger tips and hears freeze. The sweat beneath the dark woven armor cools.

,,The rocks,'' says William. ''Kirra could you lead the way?''

Kirra shrugs and tips head back, steps around the pack walks the trail then from the trail to a group of rocks.

The rock and boulders lay in the center of the of a covering of pine trees and leafless oaks. Shrubs circles and grow between the grabs and between the rocks filling cracks of boulders laying flat an area above the snow.

The wind blows. Snow sprays. Hands and rubbed and blowed upon. Ears covered. 

Jan grabs her hood and pulls in close to face. 

Spear climbs on top of the boulders and finds a a flat area behind a boulder blocking the wind.

Kirra walks around the boulders looking in trees and shurbs feeling for wood dry enough, but finding only frozen branches and bark. She circles the boulders and returns to hear Spear say loud, but not to shout, ,,Space for the pack.''

Cold seeps through finger, hands, ears and faces and spreads through shivers. 

One by one the packe climbs on to a boulder and walks to the small flat area guarded from the wind by a boulder. Each stand then begin to help clear the boulder tops from snow. 

Teeth chatter and hands rub shoulders arms and legs.

,,Sleep close,'' says Kirra.

Minst and and jan unroll their dark armor and spread it over the ground then Jan, Kirra, Myst and Minst throw their tadder bed rolls to the ground. 

Then without queue or commad each kneel, sit and lay on the ground wrapping within them selves and cuddling with the ones near forming a tight circle. Minst lays at the edge and rolls to press back against the pack while reading spells using an edge of a bedroll to guard the pages from the mists of snow.

William tries to slide and roll near Myst, but Myst rolls near Minst and by Kirra  and Jan.

Minst feels and hears Myst's breath and feels a glow illuminate within then fades.

Fit together like a puzzle, they sleep. 

The sun lowers. The wind blows. The cold spreads around, but doesn't cool the pack of warm bodies. Then the night, the dawn, the morning...

Dawn sun illuminates the black sky to blue. The night parts to shadows.

Minst and Myst cuddle as William stares.

Spear sitsup with a grunt and a rub of his face. He glances at Myst and Minst then William. ,,She's frightened of you.''

Minst squeezes Minst and nestles cheek and chin between Myst's face and shoulder and smiles.

,,He's in love.'' Kirra rises from the middle of the snuggle pack on her hands and knees. She grabs her blow, sword and pack and stands.

The bow hits Myst's foot.

Myst wakes feeling the warmth of Minst. Her and William stare then William stands. ,,How much longer?''

Kirra looks into the canyon and out of the canyon. ,,One, two days.''

,,One or two,'' exhales William. ''One or two.''

Minst squeezes Myst. And Myst shakes and gently wiggles free then rolls to face Minst with a  smile before she pushes to a stand and a step away from Willima. Her stare averts to the ground and her bedroll and pack. She picks up her drum and mace then pulls the star of Reighn from under dark woven armor.

,,We can make it in one,'' says William.

Minst yawns with a grin. His eyes blind from dim morning light then she to Myst. He glances at Myst as he sits and touches his spell book, checkes the componets in pack and on belt, unscrew the bottom of his dagger's hilt, grab and sling and grip some bullets. ,,Good morning,'' he says with a smile aimed at Myst.

Myst smiles and says, ,,Too good to be good.'' She pulls her cloak over shoulders.

Spear feels a touch of the cold through feet. He wraps feet and hide then grabs and knife and uses it to poke holds into the hide.   to fit the string pulling tight hide around foot then an ankle. He shifts and spreads the dark woven armor while standing to stare into the sun.

Jan lays and looks at the mud, ice, water, snow, rock trees, sky the sunlight shinning between the shadows illuminated her to shine through the forest spreading warmth and calm and energy to the bodies of Kirra, Myst, Minst, Spear and William then like sucked into a vacuum Jan hits her body with a shout of, ,,LEAVE!'' Her eyes open.

Kirra looks down and sees the fright and fear span and sink into the wrinkles. 

william follows KIrra's stare to Jan then glances and Jan before stepping to the top of the boulder crop and thorugh the canyon. ,,One day. We make it in one day.''

,,Then we go,'' says Kirra she steps slow watching Jan as Jan slowly rolls and pushes to a stand.
 
Jan's energy dims to pain felt in bones and muscles as she stands, clenches staff and puts bag on shoulder.


Kirra holds bow and steps and skips from boulders to the trees and snow and along the trail of beavers.

William follows Kirra. Spear and Myst step down and Minst waits for Jan until Jan leads the descent from the rocks. Jan and Minst follow the single files walk through trees and snow to the trail along the river.

They walk through the canyon. They walk into the dark, the shadows, the light. They walk and step in the cold, the cool, the cold, the freezing.

They walk to a steady drum and steady humm of notes from Myst and William. A few humms form lyrics as Wiliam sings against and with the thoughts of Minst and Myst.

The song warms the freezing to cold the cold to cool and the cool to warm. It lifts the thoughts from jealously and rage to calm and peaces as William sings with the drums and hums of Myst singing with the song of Reighn orchestrated in her mind.

The song heals the tiny stinging spots of dart marks over the skin and muscles. It mends torn muscle in Minst's arm and flesh. The song sooths the sore pain through Spear as he walks through the snow and the day following Kirra.

Kirra looks across the snow seeing critters scurry from brush over snow, the black clad begins stand still in tree tops, pick roots from the ground. She peers over the lines of tracks coming and going from the trail along the river. She smells the cold and rot of winter. She smells the urine of deer and bobcat then the feces of boar. 

,,Boar,'' she says.

,,Baor,'' is what Spear hears. Spear walks and feels all at once smelling and feeling and waiting for change seeing with the body as he follows Kirra. He sniffs. He smells. He points top of hammer through the woods. ''Off trail.''

William fidgets with his guantlet as it holds the robe to the bundle of armor. He unlatches latches and pulls on the glove and the cover over wrist. He walks and peers at the skin around the rim of the guantlet as he sings. He glenches the guantlet and tries to think it away while he walks, sings and holds his armor. 

He grabs some nuts from a sack. ,,Boar.'' He chews nuts stopping his song and feeding the hungre spreading from stomach.

Myst raps drums setting a quick pace with a steady beat as William stops his song to chew the nuts. Myst spread the warm and calm from Reighn through her to all. She feels the emotions from Minst and William through the song and sing in her mind and expresses with  her body a question of Reighn for the guidance. 

She walks and steps and stares over the path seeing inside more than outside between glances at Williams guantlets.

A cold breeze blows. Snow mist flows.

And Minst's loves grows. He glance back at Myst through a cycle of checking spellbook, components, dagger,  scolls, sing bullets. He walks and tries to whistle with Myst and William, but only finds discords and silence.  Minst eats roots and cubs ears as they cool and warm then cool. He whirls sling with a bullet as William repeats.  ,,Boar.'' 
 
,,Boar,'' says Jan.

William looks back to Jan. ,,Will Blue kill us all if we hunt a boar?''

,,Only if it isn't bloody and with our hands,'' says Jan. ''Only if you pay homage to Blue.'' She stares the cold to William. 

Spear pulls out his knife. Kirra pushes dagger from wrist sheath to hand while William makes a fist with guantlet and grins.

Kirra looks at the blade of her knife. ,,One day if the boar is close. Two day if far.''

,,Another day will be worth the time of cold if meat is captured.'' He looks at Spear then Myst and MInst and Jan. ''Shall we hunt or walk.''

,,Hunt,'' says Kirra as she runs near silent from path to the boar track trail.

William smiles with Armor in hand and steps after Kirra.

Spear flashes a grin. ,,A boar alarm you will be.''

William's shoulders slump as Spear steps into Kirra's path. 

Spear runs through snow. His chest extends with arms and legs, feet and toes with each steps and strip. Claws grow from fingers and toes pushing and pressing through hide shoes. His jaw drops and and skull shapes with body in to the hybrid wererat with each step.

The darkclad armor shapes and stretches as Spear runs.

AS spear runs, snow is kicked up behind.

As Spear runs, William watches holding on to his armor. 

He looks at Myst, who steps and sings along the trail continuing her drum beat's steady beat with soft and long strands of hight and low notes.

Minst steps past, and William meets his look with a stare then a glare. 

,,I'll carry your armor if-'' says Minst not able to meet William's glare.

William smiles and sets armor upon the trail. 

Myst steps over it. 

William pulls out a dagger and a war hammer. ,,It's light. Kirra or Spear  will help find,'' he says as he steps, leaps and runs after Spear and Kirra.

Jan smiles as she steps around Minst and the armor. 

Minst grabs the rope and pulls it over shoulder. 

The armor raises with ease.

,,This is light,'' says Minst. "It weights less than my components."

And with a smile of awe and pull of attraction to Myst walks with Minst after Jan, and Minst looking at the three running through the snow and between the trees.

Kirra, Spear and William run after the tracks. Kirra runs leaving little trail and no sound. Spear leaps and jumps and scurries leaving a trail with  a tial for William to follow. William runs, falls, stand, falls and runs through the snow keeping hear up and weapons drawn.

They follow the boar trail through trees, over a frozen creek, into the canyon and toward the canyon's opening winding through the canyon to the other side  as the sun lowers.

Then Spear smells and hears the boar and both he Kirra stare.

William stumbles through the snow hobbling and stepping through the snow.

Spear feels a tingle of pin needles tickle spin. 

,,Boar,'' says Kirra. 

,,WILLIAM!''

A bush near William explodes with snow. 

William slips and falls.

Hooves stab and kick body. 

Snort of boar preceed the snow cloud head toward Kirra and Spear.

With a rough, low, lips voice Spear says, ,,Your kill.''

Kirra grabs her knife and stand watching the boar rush through the snow. She stands and wait and waits. 

Spear fights the urge to strike and kill. He step back as Kirra leaps.

Kirra at the boar, land before it, grabs its tusks and wrestles it to the ground using the momentum of the leap to roll then twist the next the boar. 

The boar bodies lifts end over end with a snap and a loud squeal.

The boar squeal echoes through the canyon.

Jan smiles, and Myst says, ,,The have the boar.''

Myst sings and walks along the trail.

The trial winds and shoots thorugh the canyon as the sun sets upon the canyons end casting dark then near night as the white of the snow and sound of the water guide the pack through the trail in the snow. 

A few deer run past and rodents scamper and scurry. 

Myst sings and glances along the trail edge trying to see William and Spear until it is too dark. Her songs ends with a tap on the drum.

Then silence.

Jan steps leading with her staff and feeling with each step a force twisting and turning like tenticals of squid through the trees and plants. 

Wind and snow crunching underfoot plays a song with Williams swaying and squeaking armor. 

They walk. Minst leads through the trail watching for william and searching for Reighn. She feels to seek for William with Reighn or call out, but the song in mind for Rieghn plays forward into the darkness.

Jan follows the energy flow through twists turns and loops and circles never ending and never beginning...

The darkness is all Jan feels. Then she feels nothing. She falls.

Jan's body falls into the mud. Her energy seeps into the root from tree to bush through the canyon floor like  water running down rock pile.

,,Jan?'' says Minst looking back.

,,Jan!'' says Myst.

Kirra and Spear carry the boar with William in tow and walk and walk and walk through the snow at an angle to walk toward the opening of the canyon.

,,Jan,'' They hear in the distance.

The boar is dropped and they run following Kirra as she follows the echo and the sound to Jan laying on the ground.

,,Jan,'' says Myst. Myst knees and touches Jan.

Jan's force unwinds from a loope root and plant feeding on self on self on self on self and snaps to kneels, sways and crawls into the mud toward the pull of her wound force. 

,,Jan,'' says Minst.

,,The...'' says Jan. Her hands and knees smack mud and snow. Hand scrap and cut on twigs and rocks.

Minst garbs Jan's shoulder and arm and lifts. ,,We'll run.''

Wiliam's armor falls to ground. 

Jan stumbles. 

Myst lifts Jan's other arm and Jan walk wide and stumbles like her body is pulled by sting.

Minst grabs William's armor, and Jan slouches and stumble to a fall.

Myst lands on top.

,,We need something to...' says Minst as he puts hand pack and sees with hand to two component bags. One is wet the other is dry. Minst lets William's armor fall and says, ,,Grillslits,'' whiles spreading  hands from chest and pinching open componetn bags.

Jan's knees and body rises from ground and wavers. ,,Forward,'' Jan says. Jan pulls agains the pull of her force wound in root spinning and around roots growing from roots growing from roots of trees and plants and vines consuming rock and water daming.

The force knocks on the foce, and Jan feels the shock. She hears a laugh laugh from the wind through branches, the shake of pine needles, the river and the mist hitting the ears.

,,The disk will follow as we run,'' says Minst. He grabs William's armor and walks the jog then runs with Myst. 

Myst looks back at Jan.

Jan lays on Disk

The disk crashes in to the Jan.

,,Minst,'' says MInst.

Minst stops, looks back. He jogs to disk and hollers again. ''WE'RE MOVING FORWARD.''

Kirra drops the boar.

Kirra and William and Spear run. Spear runs with all fours before KIrra and William.

A trail follow Spear for their run as the follow another echo.

''JAN'S BEING PULLED!'' screams Minst as he and Myst lift Jan. ,,Componet was wet.'' He tosses Williams plat on the invisible floating disk.

Willaim's armor floats up and high voer the snow as Jan and pulled and lifted and jogged toward where the sun rises and the canyon opens and Jan is being pulled.

Jan feels the pull loosen and ease. She feels the wound force slip from twisted and connected roots of trees and plante. She snaps from ants stick to root and diggin roots around rock toward the water. She cries for the confusion as the loose slack falls. Jan hear's Spear, ,,WHERE!''

Spear's low chirped voice. ''HERE.'' 

Kirra, William, Spear run.

,,HERE,'' hollers Myst between huffing breaths as the run through tree branch crossed voer the trail

The tree branches ares tripped of pines and leaves.

Jan feels the rats, squirrels and minks scurry along holes and into hovels and from the brush. They feel Jan's stress and eases her pain with their pain release squeaks and chirps.  

Branches slap and smack Jan's face. Vines and root slide from mud and snow and wrap around  Jan's ankles.

Rats, squirrels and minks bite plants freeling Jan. 

Jan hears laughter speak through the limbs, needles, snow, the rush of water.

,,HERE,'' hollers Myst. 

,,Here,'' Spear, Kirra and William hear. Kirra hears the laughter float and flow from the canyon. 

They run following Spear. Spear kicks and runs through brush and trees kicking snow and pines and leaves from a trail. Kirra grabs bow and puts arrow through bow ducking and sliding buy trees, rocks and brush and snow. William slips over rock and is held by snow then follows the trees and brush running fast and free and warm behind Spear.

,,HERE,'' hollers Spear.

,,Here,'' is echoes and heard by Minst, Myst and Jan.

Jan shakes away from the echo of Blue's laughter and snaps and pulls away from roots and vines wiping and snapping thorugh the jog of Myst and Minst.

No plants or roots grab Minst and Myst.

They run through the canyon.

,,Forwards,'' says Jan. Her legs pull and kick at plants.

Forward they go. And Foward Spear, Kirra and MInst go.

Forward they meet. Between the breaths and foot falls, Kirra and Spear hear the clammor of Myst, Jan and Minst.

William squints through the dim near dark valley and sees the silhouettes. ,,There...They...Are,'' says William between strides and breathes.

His words a quiet in the sound of the river raging and splashing louder and louder with each step.

The white snow spans through trees then stops to darkness.

The darkness speads.

The trail followed and ran flows to a dark wall and the edge of a raging river.

Myst, Minst and Jan stand then slouch.

Jan feels the pulled force slack and go limb as her limbs falls. She catches her fall and kneels upon ground starring at the dark wall illuminating heat lines from base to tip.

Kirra parts limbs and kicks aside brush running with Spear to a clearing of snow and brush before the dark wall.

Snow burst and rocks scrap as the skid and slow to a stop.

Spear leaps and grabs on to to a tree. His wererat hybrid form filing out the dark clad armor hiding him and his fur grown body against the night.

He see the trees through a dusk light light. He sees a rock wall rise striaght to the sky. He sees trees and shrubs growing from the rocke wall. He stares trying to define up.

,,Light,'' says William. ''Light. Can...He breaths and calms breath...''

Minst says, ,,Illum,'' and snaps fingers.

A light shines from Minst then spreads and balance creating light near day until above the trees the light stops. The light shines through the trees and over the snow and along a sheer wall of rock to the edge of a river rageing between a funnel of rock walls.

The sheer wall of rock rises beyond the light. Trees and brush hang and dangle by root from the rock wall. Roots  twist from the rock wall and grab on like snakes bittong hold of the tree trunks. Pebble and dirt swirl in the wind guts

,,It's like the ground was raises straight to the sky,'' says Minst.

Jan feels like hunger pains spike through body and insides twist and pulls. She groans.

Kirra steps and looks at the wall then stands by Jan.

,,The is the alteration,'' says Minst. He grabs the dagger of his hilt and unscrews the bottom. ''This is the changes. It's...''

,,Pain,'' says Jan as she stands against the will to lay in a fetal position in the mud and rock along the ground.

Myst points to the base of the rock and ground wall. ,,It's falling apart.''

Boulder, dirt, tree limbs, tree trunks, brush and snow lay along the risen wall mixed and turned like a ramp of nature's trash.

Spear steps to the river and looks at the ground. ,,The shore was here. Now...''

The river splashs and sloshes and flows fast through a narrow canyon.

,,What should we do?'' says Minst. "Should we wait?''

,,No,'' say Jan through teeth. ''Animal  have become plant and plants have become animals. Pain. All Pain.'' She squints and then covers face with palms.

Minst grabs the scroll, screws scabbard of dagger and opens the scroll. He looks at the mound the around. ,,We should probably stand away. I have no understanding of what will transpire. I do believe that once the magic is gone then all these rock and wall could fall.''

,,Agreed,'' says William. He feels a nip of cold from the mist flowing from river. "Where's my armor.''

Minst looks back.

A disk  of pine needles and snow floats at the height of Minst shoulders a long leap away. 

,,I...'' Minst steps to the disk. ''It was on the...'' 
 
William clenche fist, hammer and jaw. He stares.

,,William,'' says Myst.

William steps toward Minst feeling not the cold mist of the raging river or the mist of snow blowing in swirls or the sting of dust covering his eyes.

,,William,'' says Spear feeling the rage of William. He turns to see William reach for Minst.

William grabs Minst with the guantlet covered, grabs his armor and slams him against the tree. He looks up at Minst's. He shouts, ,,,Where is it!''

The scroll falls and floats form Minst's hands and float to the river.

,,I don't-'' Minst looks at William and glances at Myst.

Spear steps to William then reach for the scroll, grabs the scroll from pine needles and sees the plants die near his hand. He pauses the shakes to attention as Myst grabs William and says loud, ,,William!''

William peers an Minst and says calm. ,,Where.''

,,I don't-''

William pushes Minst agains the tree.

Kirra watches Jan and looks at William then Myst. Myst grabs William. Spears crumples scroll in fist and strides to Minst and Willaim as Minst says, ,,The trees. We ran through the trees. The trail...''

William release Minst and follows the rage through the trees. He runs. Branches hit face and give pleasure the pain. 

,,Let him go,'' says Myst as Spear steps after. Her face nearly glows in the night. ''
Are you hurt Minst?''

Minst steps from gree adn straightins armor. ,,No. I'm. I...I'm feel confused. I didn't mean for...''

Myst grabs and squeezes Minst's arm. ,,It's William,'' says Myst. The words warm Minst. He smiles then feels the cold as Spear speaks.

,,The spell wizard.'' Spear grabs Minst's open hand and dumps the crumpled scroll upon it then steps, strides and runs after William. 

A path of plants wilt to Spear. 

Jan feels the magic spun in the plants seep from the plants leaving fumes of death. ,,The scroll,'' says Jan.

Minst nods and pulls apart the scrolls. He looks to the top of the light. ,,We should distance ourselves from the base. I don't know what...''

They step back into the trees until Minst nods. Then Minst looks at the scroll.

Jan feels the release, almost falls, but feels balance. She feels whole. She feels dirt fall on face.

Dirt, then pebbles rain from above. A wave of dirt flows and covers, cracks and burries trees and shrubs.

A roar louder than a black dragon or a pack of dwarven warriors praying for the dead pushes pain and deafens until it fades and  a hollow echo of sound spans the dust plum spreads.

The dust clears. The echo of the fall fades.

A valley cast with spots of light and silhouettes of trees, hills and plaes spans before.

Minst blinks. He sways lost in the flow of choas, nothing then everything. He says, ,,What do we do now?''



