William says, ,,I am William Westmore and-''

,,YOU QUIET!'' shouts the army soldier wearing red breast plate and leather armor.  He points a lether gloved finger at Wiliam. His deep green face angles ot small eyes and mouth. Jagged tweet slip from smile. ''You stand by stations.'' The army soldier points to a black box, as wide as two outhuds, stands at the edge of the road.

The wide road sand stone road that flows to the night and a distant white hue along the horizon that stretches the illumination of the moon to the ground.

Torch pole flames burn along the side. Torches brunes from scafolding and around piles of stone. Flickering flames burn along the flat sand stone planes that span from the raod and to distant sihlouette hills.  
 
A hurd of Oxgoblins pull wagons of stone alng a rutted path between the stone pillars and pole torches stopping a long arrow shot from the black station of box.

A soldier shouts from the station box, ,,The short and fat one is no warrior.''

The red breast plated soldiers leads three chain mail wearing warriors from the black station box to the road and toward the pack as he shouts. ,,YOU WILL STOP. YOU WILL SHEATH WEAPON. YOU WILL DROP LOADS.'' The soldiers steps before the pack and folds arem over chest with breasts. Her breasts round over the tight breast plate anad loos leather. She stares. ''I AM MAJOR COMMANTOK OF ARMY. I EXECUTE COMMANDS. MY COMMAND IS TO SCAN AND SEARCH THOSE WHO PASS TO PROTECT THE DRUM, THE DOMAN, THE EMPIRE!''

Runtik drops her sack of trail oats. She slides a dagger clasp in hand in the wrist sheath. ,,We are hear only to fight the pits and take our show to Tyrinium.''

Major Commantok of Army steps before Runtik and looks down. Her muscles flex. ,,MAJOR COMMANTIK OF ARMY! YOU DROP BAGS!''

Runtik glances to back at Kirra and Myst.

Myst drops her pack, drum and waterskins.

Spear and William drop their sacks, backs and waterskins. Guile snorts and drips waterskins and pack.

Kirra peers at the Major Commantok. She spits to ground and lets pher sack of oats fall along with waterskins.

Runtiks sweet low bass voice flows with a slight bow. ,,Major Commantak of army, I am Runtik. We wish to pass.''

Major Commontok stands and stares at Kirra. She clicks, ,,Youtak Searchtik.''

Four soldiers sheath short swords and hood small shields to back shoulder strap. They grabs sacks and backs. They pushe arms and shake the bags and pull out a few things to the ground.

While the soldiers search bags, four other soldiers spread out behind Major Commontalk.

Major Commantak steps to Guile. ,,How do you fight pudgy one?''

,,I train,'' sniffs Guile.

Runtik says, ,,I am good at promoting and talking. Guile trains the warriors. He guides their daily intake and work. He is also the accountant.''

William says, ,,We only wish to pass, so we may enter the city.''

,,Humans,'' says a soldiers searhing the oats and water skins. ''You stink.''

Soldiers click snad clack, ,,Humantak fumetik...Humantak dumtik...Humatak weaktik...'' The clicks and clacks spread between the soldiers on needs.

The pack stands and stares. Kirra sniffs.

Major Commantak nods and peers along the row of the packe. He steps by William then stops, looks down and grabs William's hand. ,,You take guantlet from hand.'' He pulls on William's hand.

William pulls away. He clenches fist and jaw while feeling the scare on reighn on back burn. ,,You would be wise to ask before touching things you do not-''

,,YOU QUIET!'' Major Commantak steps to William. ''YOU BEAT YOU!''

Myst hums...

William steps at Major Commantak.

Runtik steps before William, says, ,,Major Commatak my warrior William Westmore will only fight with a contract. We can talk with Senator Ring if a fight is desired.'
'

Major Commantik sneers and blows snot from noses. She steps from Runtik and before Myst. ,,You quiet waxface.'' She looks back and clicks and clacks. ''Shetak istik waxtikfacetak. Shetak meltik.''

The soldiers laugh. A few point at Myst's burn-scared face.

Myst hums. 

Runtik says with a happy and excited voice with a smile. ,,We have nothing to hide. We have everything to show.'' She steps back and says loud. ''ALL COME TO WATCH WILLIAM OF WESTMORE AND KIRRA AND SPEAR FIGHT IN THE SANDSTONE PIT!''

From a far, a shout shouts to a whispers, ,,It is Spear.''

Runtik step by Guile and before General Commantik. ,,Youtak istik generaltak?'' She smiles and counts in goblin talk. ''Onetak, twotak...''

,,YOU QUIET,'' shouts General Commantik.

A few soldiers flich and step away. The ones search the bags focus. One pours a back of trail mix over the sand stone road.

Runtik whispers in comman. ,,You want a challenge to fight?''

Major Commantik peers and face clenches. Major Commantik shouts, ,,YOU PASS.'' Spit flies in Runtik's face.

Runtik smils. ,,We walk the raods.''

The soldiers kneeling on ground pulling out the sacks and bags stand and dump backs on ground.

,,Humans,'' mutters Major Commantik. ''You stink.''

The soldiers steps back. 

,,You clean. You leave,'' says Major Commantik.

Runtik steps back and nudges William. ,,We clean.'' She kneels and grabs her back and packs the rope, rations, bags and pits of travel.

The pack follows leaving the spilt oats.

Runtik spreasd with foot the oats  over the road. A few bits blow away. ,,We walk.''

William stands. ,,Shall we call you master or sir?''

Runtik smirks. ,,You may call me savior. YOu may call me mastoer.'' She winks at William. ''You call me what you want.''

Torch light flickers.

The pack stands. 

Runtik steps and says. ,,Soldiers love a challenge. That soldiers is only a general. Fightting tough. Frome the scars on her face she's been in battle.''

The soldirs near the station hold short swords and smalls shields. they stand along the edge of the road a few leaps away. Flame flicke from torches.

Runtik says, ,,We go. We be silent. The talk be surface talk and fast. Few army know surface talk.''

,,Fight when we get to Oasis in the pits. I watch,'' says Guile. He stiffs and packs is backpack and wipe clean his cloes. When he opens his ropes a stench of shit and sweat fume. Ammonia of piss blosoms.

,,We stink. We clean if you are to fight.'' Runtik talks quick and away her sweet base voice. ''You make more money fighting in Oasia than in Gnomesidy. In Tyrinuim ythe fights are through Branching, which we can enter to fight.'' Runtik steps and waves along the road and through the flickering shadows. ''We will have to register with the Constibles for they do run the pits here. They have the puglists.''

The packe steps after runtik.

While runtik speaks and while they step, the pack sees: The soldiers stand around the black station box, and two soldiers walk along the road to the set. People wearing white sheets hual wood and iron tools. The white sheets pull carts full of empty or full baskets. The carts roll in ruts between rising stone pillers and poles rising to the sky as high as a tower.

The stone pillars spread a base as big as a tower as rises as tall to nearl ninity feet. The towers of stone rise from the flat desert floor. They glow white with the torce light.

Torch light illuminates ladders and ropes of block and tackl that rises to tops of towers. Along the way the ladders climb to wood platforms circleing the towers.

On the platforms around the towers stand white sheets.

White sheets chissles and rubs the stone. White sheets pull on robes, and ropes lift stones from the wagons stopping by the ruts. White shees shouts one word verb commands. ,,Rise, rise, rise,'' or ,,Lower, lower, lower...'' and ''Back, back, back...''

The chants sings with the clinks, thunks and slams of chissling rock, cut boards and pounded steel.

The white sheets command a song as the pack walks along as Myst taps on drum as as Runtik continues to talk to the pack.

Runstik continues to say, ''The constables control the fights here to makes sure rules are followed, deaths are few and payments are made for the bets. Constables are trying to control the gamblinga nd fights in Gnomsidy. The gnoms of Gnomsidy have stopped the constables, but the constables are talking with the gnomes of Gnomsidy to help with the gladiator fights.'' She walks along the road as the sun rises and talks. ''The acquiduct is planned to be complete in two seasons. Once water reaches Gnomsidy then the path from Gnomsidy to Stone wall to Goblin Port.''

The pack walks and spreads behond Runtik as Runtik talks.

As Runtik tallks, Guile sends a mental shout at white sheets a stone throws from their walk along the road. His thought through shoots and ehcos from the minds of whites sheets pulling an empty wagon to the Rise.

The white sheet sends throughs of a count, ,,One, two, three four. One, two, three four,'' as they pull cart between the road and pillars.

Kirra watches the pillers and peers into the darkness to follow the row of pillars.

The pillars' rises stop with caps of wooden huts.

The wooden huts illuminates. White sheeds stand on balconies strabe, nail and fasten boards.

The boards span between the stone towers. The boards make bridges and bracing between towers. 

The towers rise thrity steps between. As the towers rise to Rise, the wood brachung becomes steel braching. The steel braicing si covereed with stone archs that spana small path way over the top.

Theg steel bracing between the towers builds to stone walkways betweeen the wood buidings on the top.

William, Kirra, Spear stare at the tall stone towers and the hundreds of whites  sheets lifting, pulling, fitting stone, wood and steel. 

Myst taps then pounds her drums. Her drum pounds echo from the white sheets, wagons and towers with bridges between.

Runtik, still talk, says, ,,Or you could become a white sheet.'' Runtik points arm at the towers and walkways to the Wane for the road. ''The stone, wood and steel for the acquiduct flows from Tyranium through Shiptik. The water flows the same. WE are working on a brach to capture the farm runoff from Lovetik and sent the water to Gnomesidy. We will be able to presse over the desert to Goblin Port.'' Runtik looks back. ''Water. Water is one thing all need to cross a desert. The aquicducts will take it near.''

,,How do they lift water to flow down?,'' says Guile.

,,Oasis will have bucket wheels like the bucket wheels in the Shiptik.'' Runtik raises voice, looks at pack and walks on. ''The bucket wheels in Shiptik lift the water from the resuor and dump the water to the aquiduct. The water flows down slowly to Oasis. It is-''  

Guile interupts, ,,Won't the sun burn away the water?'' 
 
Withouth missing beat or step, Runtik says, ,,Gnomes from Gnomsidy are employed to turn the sand into glass. Covering the aquiduct with glass traps the water.''  

William says, ,,So the army my drink and destroy the land.'' 
 
Runtik steps and strides, says, ,,The aquiduct is here to prevent thirst.'' 
 
Guild shakes his piss and shit back. ,,We get rid of these.'' 
 
,,Until you reach Shiptik you keep you pee and poop near for it is still worth value in Oasis and the desert.'' says Runtik. 

,,Until we reach the city. You quiet,'' says Kirra. She steps to Runtik. ''We your master. We sell you.''

Runtik's voice chuckles and says with hight pitched mirth, ,,You are master to me, but to others around you are not goblins. You are slaves or warriors.'' She strides.

,,We kill her now,'' says Guile.

Myst feels the warmth of sun shine from the Rise. Her song shifts to a deep pound in her mind to a slow hit with flutes whispering like wind. ,,The morning comes. We sleep soon.''

,,Then we keep her alive,'' says Guile. He smirks and snot blows from nostrel.

Runtiks steps fast and turns to walk backwards. Her feet scrape aagainst the rock road. ,,You can now try to kill me. You will find the law here will be to my benefit.'' She bows slights. Through the dawn sun beginning to shine over the road, the pack sees her winks.

Guile snorts. ,,Love cares less for you.''

,,THAT SHE MAY!'' says Runtik reaching to the sky above. She turns and walks forward. ''YOU...'' her voice calms. ''Are less expendable than me. Any thought or talk of what you think you know will may make those walking near hate you more or love me less. You will still be hated.''

,,YOu die. I be happy,'' says Kirra.

Myst taps on the drum and hums. The song spreads.

Runtik says after Kirra speaks, ,,We can all live.'' She raises arms above head. ''Why do you think you live? Why do you think the wizards behind attacked the train. Me. That's right. Me. Now you want to kill the one who has saved you? You want to kill me?''

,,Love will send another,'' says Guile.

,,Love cares little for the individual unless it be herself,'' says William. ''You actions will define your fate.''

,,Love Love's those who give her what she wants, William.'' Runtik glances back. ''You have felt the Love of Love. You can tell me-''

,,QUIET!'' shouts William. He clenches fists.

White sheets pulls an empty cart to the road look at the back along the road.

Clicks and clacks spread between a group of soldier standing and watching white sheets. The white sheets mumble and begins again pull the four white sheets pull the cart to the pebble covered road.

,,You should obey you new master,'' smiles Love.

William steps at Runtik. His clenched fist swings at Runtik.

Spear reaches for fist, but grib misses swing.

Myst slaps the drum top.

Guile steps back.

Kirra leaps and grabbles Runtik.

William's fist hits Runtil's shoulder. Fist thumps shoulders.

Runtik falls and rolls with Kirra to the rock road then they roll and roll to a stop.

Kirra's limbs wrap around Runtik. Kirra feels a purr spread through body. The purr becomea a buzz. As the buzz vibrates, Kirra pulls aon Runstik's shoulders and back pushing them to acrch.

Guile sniffs, ,,Break her, Kirra.'' He steps and watches.

Runtik's face stresses. Her jaw clenches. She tries to pull from Kirra, put only pulls and pops arm. A moan and grun escape mouth.

,,Kirra,' says Myst. Myst follows her hum and reaches for Kirra.

Spear pushes back on William and grabs Myst and steps to Kirra. ,,Wait for-''

,,YOU RELEASE YOUR MASTER!'' shouts a soldiers walk from the Set with four other soldiers.

The white sheets pulling carts and wandering between the road and base of acquaduct stops nad watch. 

Kirra pulls Runtik's arms and feels the buzz spread and shake through body. She feels the buzz beocme a burn. She pulls on Runtik's arms.

Runtik shouts. ,,YOU STOP SLAVE!''

Myst hums  and says, ,,Calm for us for you to see that we need a path where we can be seen...'' She ends the words with a hum.

The hum vibrates along the spines of the back and the soldier.

The five soldiers run around the pack.

Six more soldiers step from a groupd of white sheets. The other soldiers slap and hit the white sheets and shouts, ,,YOU WORK WHITE SHEET!''

Another shoulder wearing a red breast plate steps with sword riasea and small shield pushing Guils aside. ,,GLADIATOR REFRANE!''

A few more groups of soldiers step from the workers to the road. The surround the pack and Kirra grabbling Runtik. They step into a soothing mass of songs.

The song hums soft and slows then rises and lowers like waves washing over mind calming the friction between emotions and time. Myst hums and rubs the top of her drum.

Running hit the ripple of sound waves and slow to a walk then a stand.

Myst hums.

With the hum of Myst, the buzz through Kirra calm. And with the calm buzz, Kirra's beating heart and raging mind becomes calm.

Runtik relaxes and goes limp.

KIrra holds.

The soldiers stands.

William release fist and looks to Myst.

Spear steps and turn sto face the breast plated soldiers.

All the soldiers in the circle stare. A few sway with Myst's waves of hums. Myst says, ,,Kirra, if we wish to live beyond this song we should rise from the ground and walk from the people that seek to harm us as we are foreign beings to their world.''

Kirra feels the buzz vibrate to a tickle then rub away from the song sung from Myst's mouth. She pushes Runtik and rolls to stand with short swords and dagger in hand
s.

Soldiers surround the pack.

The soldiers with the red breast plate hums with Myst, blinks and says, ,,YOu need to move you warriors away.'' He poinst shortsword at Kirra while looking at Runtik. ''You need to control your warriors in Oasis.''

Runtik rubs throats. She feels calm and feels her buzz of the mind trust slow and calm. She peers at Myst and clenches jaw. ,,We were joking,'' says Runtik as she leaps to her feet. We ready for the fights in the bits.''

Kirra grips her sword and dagger and stares at the soldier. Here rage sings agains the song that sooths her muscles and minds. Her body tenses.

The red breast plated warrior steps back and raises a shield. ,,We want calm and order. We need calm. White sheets see warroirs fight or play. White sheets runaway.''

Runtik coughs and says, ,,I understands.'' She move arem around letting it settle in socket. ''Warriors walk,'' says Runtik.

Runtik look at Myst. 

Myst feel the stare. She steps by Kirra and Runtik and at the soldiers to the Rise.


To the Rise, the sun shines and caste shadows behind.

The shadows caste over the pack. Their mind swimming in the moving of the music. Only Spear doesn't feel the pull, but Spear steps with the pack as the follow Myst along the rocky road.

They walk, and a few soldiers follow. 

The white sheets watch return to chissled, wagon or rope. They work.

Runtik says, ,,You want to live then you do as i say.'' She walks a few more steps. ''You are humans. You are elves and dwarves. Humand, elves and dwarves are feared and hated for they are the races that killed many goblins. You are our villans and our enemy.''  She steps slow along the road as the sun rises


Guile clears throat and spits. ,,Kill her now.'' Guile steps after Runtik and shouts the thought through the purr of the mind trust. >|You are not of love.<

Runtik sees. >No one is of love.<

>You hired by Love?< sees Guile.

>I love Love,< sees Runtik with the feeling of a wet kiss on cheek flowing through Guile's mind.

Guile feels his ankle pain and shoots ankle pain and sees it to Runtik.

Runtik feels ankle pain and stumples her walk. She looks back. 

Guile feels through her pain and spreads to hear mind through the purr of Runtik's mind trust. Guile feels his mind span from his mind through Runtik's body.

Runtik's body slouches, hobbles with a slight limp mimicing Guile's walk.

Guile walks behind Runtik with the pack.

The pack looks at the stone towers and brigeds of water. Torches flare and campires smoke. Sun shines showss.

They walk into the sun, and Runtik leads.

Runtik feels her thoughts becoming an echo of confusion. She feels her body moves, but think of where her body is. She focuses an thought to a points and spreads through the cracks of mind. 

Guile lifts Runtiks arms and picks nose as he lift arm and picks nose. 

Guile hopes, and Runtik hops.

Runtik feels her arms go numb. She feels pain throb a wall around her thoughts. Pain pulse and pumps. Through the pain she reaches a force to move her arm from her nose, but her finger wiggles and digs and picks a booger. She pushes her purr through the pain walls and grabs the force of her arm and pulls. 

Guile begins to run.

Runtik begins to run as her legs move with the pain flowing through minad and body. Pain like stabbing then itching covers.

All which happens during thirty steps after Kirra tackles.

Kirra, Spear, Wililim and Myst walk as Guile and Runtik run along the road.

They jog by white sheets pulling empty wagons, carrying tools, walking with hung heads. They run past an eight square of soldires standing by roomized station. 

They run, and they feel. Runtik feels pain flow free and from around mind as they run along the road. Her legs stridie wide without thought or control. She closes her eyes and thinks of falling. Guile feels pain trust flow through the hive mind purr and around Runtik. They feel they legs hit as one and arms swing as one the Guile feels Runtik's mind drop.

Runtik's body falls limp to ground and rolls.

Guile slows run to a walk and stands hearvy breathing. He spits on Runtik.

,,YOU BACK!'' shouts a soldier.

A few white sheets drip bags of tools and step to kneel by Runtik.

Runtik's body slams ground. The thud slams Runtik's mind from the purr and pain and through her body.

A soldier pushes Guile from Runtik and looks down at Runtik. He knees and looks over her body.

Another soldier grabs Guile's shoulder and pulls him back. ,,You know place.''

Five other soldiers push past a group of watching white sheets toward Guile. Short swords are pulled from sheathes. A soldier of the five grabs Guile buy the neck and puts sword tip against guiles neck. ,,You fight human.'' A couple of soldiers grab the other soldier.

Guile falls and hits the ground. The hit slams Guile's mind from the pain trust and Runstik's mind.

White sheets and Soldiers gather around. They gather a stone throw away form the pack.

William says, ,,Did Guile kill Runstik?'' He steps.

Kirra smiles, ,,Good if dead.'' 

Myst hums deep in throat and stesp. Her song still strum in mind and she sings the words. ,,We help for I felt only life of pain and strain of..'' She steps and walks.

,,Myst, it may not be...'' He steps after Myst. ''Wise to breach the barrior and be known but watch and see how to help if need be.''

Myst sings. ,,Our path will need to see his mind to find our destiny to be with Tune and Reighn. It will be still...'' Her breathe keeps even as her words flow to a hum. 

Spear and Kirra quicken pace put do not run. 

Kirra says, ,,Where will you go once we reach Oasis?''

Spear looks at Kirra. ,,I will journey with William for his fate.'' He grins. ''I will kill the one who creates such destruction and chaos.''

Kirra glances at Spear and looks away. ,,All create the chaos and destruction.''

Spear looks forward. ,,Where will you journey?''

Kirra peers again and watches whites shets step from the grouds. She sees Wiliam and Myst near the growd. She says, ,,The mountains. I will find mountains and leave the people.''

The soldiers push white sheet back and too grounds. 

The whites sheets of crowd grabs bags and wagon pulls and haul them to the rise. White sheets watching from stone and pillars hit hammers and pull ropes. 

The soldiers surround Guile and a few kneel by Runtik.

From the Rise and walking to the set along the desert highway, a group of warriors holding wooden shield and swords, dressed in faded leather amror, march to the lead  of one. The one in lead years brown studded leather armor and a blue changed shirt. He holds a steel long sword and large shield. A chain coif streatches over head. The one shouts. ,,THE CONSTIBLES ARE HEAR TO HELP.''

A few of the constables with wooden shields step behind and shouts. ,,IF THERE ARE WHITE SHEETS THAT WERE HARMED THEN THE CONSTABLES WILL CONSUL!''  They repeat witha few shouts. ''WE BARE WITNESSES! WE ARE FOR THE PEOPLE.'' Their voices talks and the constables step to the white sheets and talk with them using surface talk.

Guile watches as the soldiers surrounding, and even the one holding his neck, look at the constibles. 

The soldiers click and clack from soldier to solider. ,,Constabletak crytik.''  The soldiers laugh.

The constable with the chain mail shouts. ,,Where is your sergeant? Who do you harras?''

A soldiers wearing breastplate and standing near Guile says, ,,I am sergeant. Sergeant Hindertik.''

Soldiers laugh. The step from Guile. They only glance at Myst as Myst steps with William to Guile, Runtik and the people.

The people watchs. The whites sheets, the constables and the soldiers clear an area and create a circle around Sergeant Hindertik, Guile, Runtik, a few soldiers and a constible wearing chaing mail.

The constable wearing chain mail says. ,,You talk with Major Constable, Sergeant. You have a higher-up. I no talk with a Sergeant.''

William and Myst step to the spreading group. Myst's voice hums. The hums spreads tingle over Guile's skin and over Runtiks skin. The hum sooths muscles.

All of the white sheets slouch shoulders and let arms falls. Those holding bags slouch and sigh as they walk way.

Myst quiets her hum to a calm.

,,YOU QUIET WITCH!'' shouts the Army sergeant.

The major constable steps to the Army sergeant and the stare. ,,You, sergeant, are hired to protect from terrorists and bandits. You sergeant are not ruler.'' 

The constables step around Guile and Runtik. 

Following the hum of Myst, a few constables walk away with the whites sheets letting the wooden shields and woond swords hang lower.

The crowd disperses and the Major Constable and the Army Sergeant stand and stare while Kirra and Spear walk to the pack.

A soldier wearing red field plate steps from a black box near Spear and Kirra. Three soldiers wearing chain main march along with the field plate wearing arriors.

The field plate wearing warrior shouts. ,,I be the lieutenant,'' he raises. ''CONSTABLE''

,,Major Constible,'' says the constible with blue chain mail. ''We work for a living lieutenat.'' His spittle sprays on the face of the sergeant.

The lieutenant strides. Deep black hair flows over face. His even tone of greens spreads the sementry of beauity.

Kirra glances and looks aagain at the tone muscluar Lieutenant striding with posture and pride over the gravel highway.

Runtik stands and steps back. 

Guile shrugs of the hand loosly clasped around necks.

The soldiers of black and red group, and the constables of brown and blue group.

Guile steps back. 

The sergeant steps at Guile. ,,You remain.''

While staring at the army lieutenant, the Major constable says, ,,Sergeant, you speak reason you stop the human.''

,,My soldier seen the human chasing this person along the streets,'' points the sergeant while staring at the major. ''I have my orders.''

The lieutenant steps and stands between the major constable and army sergeant. He smiles. ,,Tiltingtik and Cloting, you calm. You step away.'' The lieutenant smiles a radiant smile tha warm Guile as he watches.

With the msile the lieutenant says, ,,Major Constable Tiltingtik, please allow my soldiers to clear, and we leave.'' He extends an arm and an open hand.

The major and lieutenant shake hands.

The major says, ,,You soldiers want battle.''

The lieutenant says a little loud. ,,My soldiers' battle the the Desert Warriors. They defend oasis!''

Soldiers around hit hilts of short sword to small shields and click and deep snap.

The lieutenant smiles and nods looking over the soldiers and white sheets. ,,WE ARE THE AMRY.''

The soldiers shout. ,,WE ARE THE ARMY.''

The lieutenant shouts. ,,WE PROTOCT THE REPUBLIC!''

The soldiers shout, ,,WE PROTECT THE REPUBLIC!''

The lieutenant shouts, ,,WE ARE THE ARMY!''

,,WE ARE THE AMRY!'' the soldiers raise and bang sword and shields together.

The lieutenant raises shield and long sword and bangs both together ans steps away, ,,WE ARE THE ARMY.''

The soldiers shout and hit sword and shield. ,,WE ARE THE ARMY!'

The lieutenant walks from the constables and the pack chanting and waiting for the soldiers replay for a few steps until he stops.

Constibles step between soldiers and the pack. They surround Runtik and Guile.

The whites sheets walk away to work.

The sunshines shadows.

The major of the constables visors hand and peers at Guile then looks at Runtik. ,,You-on-ground speak name.''

,,I am Runtik Lovetik.'' She rolls on back and sits. She looks at the Major Constable.

The major constable looks at Guile. ,,You-standing speak name.''

Guile sniffs, ,,Guile.''

A few constables step between Spear and Kirra and Guile.

William and Myst step to gether. Myst hums.

,,Runtik,'' says the Major. ''You speak your truth.''

Runtik stands and brushes brown leather pants. ,,I was running.'' She looks at Guile. ''I feel.''

The major constable peers from Runtik to Guile. ,,Guile, you chase Runtik?''

Guild sniffs. ,,Run with...'' He looks and coughs. ''I run with.''

The major constable steps between. ,,You, Guile, and you, Runtik, shake hands.''

Runtik steps to Guile and holds hand out to grab.

Guile looks at hand, coughs into hand and shakes Runtik's hand.

,,We have agreement. You may depart along this road. You warned. We watch you. We will judge,'' says the Major.

Guile shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

Runtik steps back and away then stands.

Guile sneers at Runtik.

Kirra and Spear step to Runtik.

The major shouts, ,,WE ARE DEMOCRACY. WE HAVE TALKED. WE ARE CIVIL. WE DEPART.''

The constables around the Marjor Constable form a cone around mouths and show. ,,WE ARE DEMOCRACY. WE ARE A DEMOCRACY...''

The major constable walks to the Wax along the road and toward a bright whil reflecting like to the Rise.

William says, ,,Major Thicktik, I am Willam Westmore. We travel to the rise and see a place to rest and sleep for the nights.''

Major Thicktik walks and looks back over shoulder.

Major Constible Thicktik looks forward, says loud. ,,CONSTABLES I NEED AN EIGHT.''

,,Make it a sixteen,'' smirks Guile.

Eight warriors stop walking and kick an about-face.

,,Major Constable Thicktik speaking.'' Major Constable Thicktik kicks an about-face to face William's face. ''What do you want William Westmore?''

,,I only wish to introduce myself to one who knows the value of law and basic rights in a barren world like the desert, Major Constable Thicktik.'' William lifts his Waneside, steel, hand.

Major Constable Thicktik says, ,,William Westmore, I am Thicktik.'' He raises hand, and he grabs William's steel hand.

,,William,'' says William. ''My pack is,'' and he nods to each of the pack. ''Myst, Kirra, Spear, Guile.'' William looks at Runtik. ''That's Runtik.'' William stands and faces Thicktik. ''May we talk of the Constables as we walk?''




