
They are attacked by bandits.

William fights off all the four bandits. 

surrounding a wizard.

The wizard.

They go to the town houses of the town and meet William's friend (and sort of girl friend), a priest named Zoh.





Carlos pulls short sword from sheath and slices it at shadow.

A sword flows a circular arch from shadows and knocks the swing  through and away.

,,That's a parry," says Carlos. Carlos swipes the knife from seath to shadow. (some cleric spell will prevent from hitting Spear).

A bandit and sword lunge from shadow.


Carlos steps away and pulls some grease from bag and snaps fingers with the word, ,,Slide."

The bandit lands, and feet slip, slid and catch. 

Carlos's kicks the back of bandit's heel.

The bandit falls to ground, hits.

Carlos holds short sword against throat.

,,STOP!" screams William. "I know him. It's Spear."

,,He's one of the thugs from the bar."

,,He's a friend."

,,More like a corward," says Carlos. Carlos sheaths his short sword. "Fights from shadows."

William helps Spear from the ground. They hold forearms and smile at each other.

,,Thought you were going to kill me," says Spear. Spear's smooth voice 




<Bandits_and_New_Friend>
Willam's horse callaps around bend and past Carlos.

,,Trouble comes coming around the bend," mummbles Carlos.
He runs for the tree shadows near the edge of the road.

Sounds of clashing swords and shields 

Carlos jogs silently  with the shadows caste along the side of the raod. He pulls off sash around the waist and whips the center of it to center of palm. He slides three darts from the inside of the sash to a hand and wrapss the sash around his head. Carlos disppears.

The sounds of clingning metal and grunts. A fireball explodes. A high pitched screams is followed by a figure running down the road.

Willaim slices an orger on the shoulder and blocks the swing of long sword. The oger lifts a large sword and bashes Williams shield over and over and over beating down the shield of William.

Williams shield arm hangs down. His sword knocked a side by a human weilding a long sword.





Parries, strikes (blocked), strikes small shied, strikes studs of leather. Parried. Strikes. Raise shield blocks bastard sword from head.

The second bandit raises bastard sword. Other dives from William's sword. 

William swings sword under shield slicing stomach of bandits raising bastard sword.




---



Bandit with a patch. pulls dagger from sheath wedged between belt and back. Bandit slashes at William twice.

William steps back and leans back to avoid the swipes of the dagger. He slashes his sword to parry the other bandits bastard sword, and he back swing up across the bandits chest cutting leather armor and leaving a thin trail of blood. 

----

Carlos runs, pulls, rolls under the swinging sword of a bandit, and slices heel of bandit. 

The bandit falls and grabs Carlos's vest. Carlos's vest rips. Carlos jumps over the bandits wild swing from the ground.

William blocks the swing from the eyed bandit and kicks the bandit on the ground in the face. 

Bandit grabs William's leg. 

William kicks the bandit in the face. Throws up a wooden shield. 

The bastard shield shatters the wooden shield.

Carlos spits at the standing bandits head, whistles. The spit turns an ice dart peircing the uncovered eye.

A scream, ,,AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"  

----

Carlos takes off his jacket and holds it and inspects. His head pivots side to side. ,,Son of an Ogre..." He looks down at  William sitting on the side of the road. 

A thin line of blood is spreading along his thighs.

William stares at the two bandits. He rubs his leg. ,,Yeah, there's blood."

Carlos kneels and pushes away Willams hands and opens the torn pant leg. ,,Not too deep. But better get it wrapped." Carlos slaps neck and looks at his hand. "bugs."

The bandit with broken moans. 

Carlos kicks him in  the stomach. 

The other bandit lay still. 

,,What should we do with them," says William.

Carlos rolls up his vest, ,,Loot 'em and toss 'em in the woods." He puts the vest in the pouch.

,,Should we dig a grave."

Carlos laughs shaking beard, ,,A grave." Carlos  opens pockets and pouches on the dead bandit. "Are you going to be one of those funny bards?"





--

I think there will be bugs, some bugs, to show the swamp like area. Not many because it is a cold season and a cold swamp but there are some. I think the walk home will be long the after fight will be good because I can show and tell how both act about it. William almost wants  




rounds the bends to William fighting two bandits.


William swipes and paries and blocks blows of short swords agains
his shield.


...The sash is a magical sash that allow the user to once a day be invisble. It also allows the caster to caste a spell while invisible. The invisibily lasts only two minutes or so (what ever time equivelent will be).  

---


,,Can't you see in the dark, Carlos?"

,,Infravision," Carlos plucks string of drum. Carlos looks at William, "No, no night seeing." Carlos taps top of drum, "Had it when I was born. But it went away. Can't even remember having it."

William pulls sword from scabbard. ,,What happened?" William lays sword on lap. 

,,Don't know. They think it was a disease. Some think it was a curse."  Carlos holds drum base by head and taps top. Carlos smiles. "I think I lost my night vision." Carlos rest drum on lap. 

,,How  did you survive?" 

Carlos taps a couple times on the drum, ,,Seeing in the dark. Listening. Feeling." Carlos begins to wrap on top of drum and a roll and stops. He smiles. "And torches. Magical lights." He flexes fingers, "In fact my first spell was light."

William looks away from Carlos and pulls a leather wrap from back and unravels wrap.

Wet stones and beakers of oil and cloths stuffed in pockets.

Carlos taps a rhythm on drum, saying then singing, ,,O' The Fates Of Life!"



----
,,Where'd that wizard go!" stresses William. He looks steps in a twirl looking all directions and peering into the tree line. 

A voice comes from the trees. ,,I am in the trees stepping to your. A brush shake and limbs crack. A man wearing a loose tunic and baggy pants. A rope tied in a bow wraps waist and pulls cloths around waist. He lifts arm, and the tunic long sleeves sag to reveal hands, "I'm here." 

Carlos sets hand on William's sword hand, softly pushes down, step to ward the man. Carlos extends hand to the man, ,,My name is Carlos."

William lowers sword.

The man lowers a hand. 

Carlos and the man claps and squeeze hands. 

,,Minst," says the man.

,,Minst," Carlos grips hand then release, "Nice to meet you."

Minst looks at the three bandits laying on the ground. A bandit's leg shakes then lays still, ,,Thanks." He looks from William to Carlos, "Thank you."

Carlos smiles, ,,What's a mage doing out after midnight alone?"

Minst smiles, ,,Thinking himself a warrior."

William kneels keeping a focus on Minst, pulls a patch of the bandits leather armor, ,,Where you going?" 

,,To Storm Valley."

William wipes the sword blade with leather batch. 

Carlos looks at William and shrugs.

William stands, sheaths sword, ,,Were going to Storm Town. You can  come with us." William looks along the road, "It's not far away." He looks at the bandits. "We split the what these bandits have."

Minst kicks one of the bandt's legs, ,,YOu keep it." 

Carlos pulls the pocuhes and packs from bandits. William pulls the bandits to the edge of the road and into the brush. 

A bandit begins to move head and moan.

Carlos lits a hammer and taps the bandit's head. 

She lay still.

,,She's pretty," says William. "Why do this?"

Carlos pulls back her hair over ear, ,,She's a half elf." Carlos steps to the road and being to walk away, "Some people get caste half things away wanting whole."

William points with tip of sword, ,,Their all half-human." 

Carlos points to the sword and looks at Willaim. ,,Go blunt side of the sword."

William pulls Buckey's reigns. Minst follows.

They walk quiet through the night down the middle of the road. William peers along the sides of the raod taking glances and long peers into the deeps night shadows of the forest. Minst walks by William glancing at the edges of the road to William to Carlos. Carlos searches the sacks and bags of bandits.

Carlos tosses out bits of flint and steel, rotten bread, dirty dress shirt, worn rope, a horn leaving a litter along the trail. His voice mummble and grunts. Mouth grins when finding four gold, six silver,  twelve copper, a diamond ring, and a scroll case. All put in a singl sack and tied tight. Carlos says, ,,Four gold, six silver,  twelve copper, a diamond ring, and a scroll case."

,,What about everything else," says William.

,,Useless and dead weight," says Carlos. He throws sack over shoulder and begins to hum.

Minst says, ,,Are you going to just leave the junk in the middle of the road?" He points back and shakes hand shaking ruffles on hands.

Carlos raises an eye, nods, shrugs, ,,On beings junk is another's treasure. What better place to find treasure than the middle of the road.

Minst stands, bows and says, ,,It was nice meeting you. Thanks for saving my life. I must now pick up trash."

William raises hung head and shakes it. ,,Too dark," says William.

,,Not for the mage," says Carlos. "But it is also too dangerous.

William slides feed over road then stops. ,,Bandits."

Minst folds arms and looks from Carlos to William.

Carlos walks with sack back dow the rode picking up a horn, frayed rope and ruffles torn dress shirt.

,,How far can you see in the dark," says William.

Minst says,  ,,Far enough to see the dwarf pick up the shirt."

 William turns and squint to see the shade of Carlos., ,Is it infired or magic." 

,,Magic," says Minst. "It's as if a globe of light shine from me and only for me."

Carlos tosses sack over should and walks back to the group. He tosses the sack at the Minst stomach hitting it in the center.

Minst reaches for sack and tries to grab it, but drops it.

Carlos walks by saying, ,,Your junk now."  

Minst picks up sack.

They walk down the raod. The trees become evergreen. A breeze begins and brings the cold. The dirt road becomes the rock road. Buckey's hoves clomp and clonk upon stone. The smell of mold and sweat seep through the sack and spreads around the group.

Carlos slips two fingers into sash and wipes fingers under noise then whispers a soft note.

Willaim looks at Minst, ,,The sack stinkings."

Minst coughs. Minst pulls out a neckerchief and hold it before nose with a hand, blows. He sneezes. ,,Can't smell."

Willaim wipes his eyes with sleeve of leather. 

Minst Sneezes, ,,How-" He sneezes, "How long until Storm Town."

Buckey looks back to Minst, snorts, quickes walk to trott.

,,Not far." Willaim covers nose with hand.

Minst blows nose.

The smell's fragrence thickens to smell like a pig stye. The stye's thick sent feels to coat the exposed flesh with mud and pig shit.  -

Minst stumps. Feet catch, and knees shake.

Carlos stops and grabs the sack from the shoulder of  Minst as Minst passes and tosses the sack into the trees. He sneezes. Eyes stink and burn.

Minst steps, turns, looks at Carlos and falls flat to road. Head hits rock.

Carlos kneels and shakes head shaking away deleirum.

Sweat flows of Minsts face. 

Carlos lifts Minsts thin frame from ground.

Minsts chest hangs over Carlos's shoulder. Minst coughs. Shakes head. Then pukes. 

The smell of puke fumes.

,,It's either me or Buckey," says Carlos.

William grabs Minsts and lays him on the back of Buckey.

Buckey snots.

,,Please, Buckey," says William.

Buckey nods head, clops back feet.

Carlos walks to Minst head. He put fingers on side of neck then feels Minst's forehead.

,,Don't think it's poisen, but could be wrong." Carlos looks down the road. "We should go."  

William, Carlos and William run along the road.  Carlos's stout legs strid long. Minst; arms and legs flap and slaps Buckey's side. The road turns and widens. 

A sign post is mounted on side of road.

,,We are in Storm Town," says Willaim.

,,How long until town.?"

,,Closed," Willaim looks foward, " We'll go to my house. I have a friend who can check." 

They run along the road passing gates and small wooden cabins. The breeze drys and cools the Minst's face. His shut eyes flutter, and body coughs and coughs and coughs.

Minst's body convulses.

,,We should go to a house," says Carlos. "Or you ride to yours."

,,Yes," William grabs Minst and push him from saddle to rump.  "Go through town. Only one intersection."

Minst coughs. 

Carlos grabs Minsts legs and fulls legs and waste even on rump of Buckey while William says, "The center of town. Go right to a road. First house after then end of buildings. Right. Lots of land. Purple and white gate. Small house. Stone and wood. Buckey will be in the field."

Carlos nods and points, says, ,,I can find you."

William  mounts Buckey and says, ,,Lets go," and makes and click sound with mouth.

Buckey gallops away. 

</Bandits_and_New_Friend>
