Kirra reaches for Shake. Shake jerks forward. Kirra grabs Skake and hold him back. Shake drops and leaps forward to a stride right before William.

The Mage lets loose a snorting laugh. 

Carlos stands from the chairs and walks from the sofas, but the statue of the minotar, by the card table, by the huka circles to stand by the ogre mage. He points to the couch and Spear, and he peers at the ogre, says, ,,What deamon in the Abyss are you a spawn." He knees next to Spear, looks up. "You should be paying him." 

The ogre and Carlos stare. 

,,Water," says Carlos, "Please." He looks at Spear. "And cotton cloth. Clean."

Ogre stais at Carlos. It raises hand and snaps its big green thumb and middle finger. ,,Water and clean cotton cloth."

Two black clad being depart through the door.

Carlos leaps from a crouch to a flying stand toward William.

William lunges at the ogre.

Carls and William meet before the ogre.

Carlos pushes William back. ,,You will die," he says.

,,COWARD," shouts William. He relaxes and steps away.

The ogre licks. ,,I wanted to eat him." The ogre lowers head and looks at Spear. "Barbarians meat is tough and pure." He points finger up and down Spear's body. "It needed tenderizing." The ogre looks at Carlos. He points, ,,They are your debt." He japs finger forward with each you, "You will not leave until Your debt of healing is paid."

Everyone stands silent starring at Carlos. 

The ogre and Carlos peer at each other.

The ogre says, ,,Bar-bar, bar-bar,  bar-bar." It laughs. "Barbarians." The ogre walks by William, Shake and Kirra. It glances at Minst the walks to the double doors. 

Two black clad beings open a door. 

The ogre walks through door. It passes two black clad being walking in the room. One holds a bucket of steaming water. The other holds a pile of white cotton cloths. They walk to the white leather couch and stand by Carlos.

,,I demand you expain yourself," says William.

,,Calm, William," says Carlos. He takes a rag from the pile and dips into the water and wipes clean Spears face while saying, ,,Your luck Thom and I were talking false stories of me when he left to capture you." Carlos looks at Myst. "You might want to talk with Reign."

,,She says he doesn't want my help," says Myst.

,,Barbarians," says Carlos pressing dry cloth over clean cut. "Only like the magic if it helps swing the sword."

,,Is he going to be alirght?" says William. He steps behind Corlos and looks down at Spear.

,,I don't know." Carlos rips a towel in pieces, ties ends. "He's tough."

,And Buckey."

Carlos looks at William, nods, ,,I own, He's in a stable now."

Jan kneels by Carlos and looks at the cut on his forehead and the welts on back. She lifts an eyelid of Spear, nods head, and stands. ,,We should move him some place where he can rest." She slaps her hip, "I'll need the needles and thread from my sack."

Carlos ties the last peice of towel to the end of another piece of towel the wraps and string of towel around head of the cut on Spear's head. He looks up to the black clad being, ,,Please inform Thom know we need Jan's sack to mend his damage." He stands and looks at the small slid in the cloth mask over the face. "We will be in my room." He points to, ,,William," and, "Minst, you carried him in. Can you follow me." 

Minst nods and William bends over. Both life Spear and put his arms over their shoulders. 

,,Come," says Carlos.

,,Why should we trust the wolf>" sneer Shake.

,,You need a new metaphor," says Carlos. He shakes head and walk toward the double doors. "And you need to stop using haste and speed." He pushes open the doulbe doors out. 

Minst, Spear, William, Shake, Kirra, Jan and Myst follow Carlos through the double doors.

They walk over the wood platform.

Carlos opens the second set of double doors. 

,,How did you get here," says Minst.

Loud talking, glass clashing, huka smoke, laugh and a couple shouts of, ,,BONES!" fill the senses. 

Two halls extend from double doors.

One hall extends right. The wide right hall is separated with a oak bar. On one half three humans  and a dwarf pour drinks, clean glasses, and wipe top of bar. One the other side of bar are people sitting sipping on ale or diringk wine, people smoking on a huka, people standing and gestulcating adventures will spilling spirits on the floor.   

One hall extends forward. People sit and narrow tables on either side of the hall tossing dice along the length of the tables. After each dice roll groups cheer or jeer.

Carlos leads the group bettween the tables. ,,What do you say, Myst."

,,How did you get in here?" says Myst. She watches people focus upon the dice as they pass the tables.

,,The entrance," Carlos said.

,,You know of this place," says William under the strain of  Spears weight. 

People step around the group starring long at Spear and the dirt stained cloths. Some rolls eyes, some cover mouth and laugh, all step our of their way giving extra expression to avoid touching.

Carlos's eyes stares away pryig eyes. ,,Not until tonight." He looks back. "I walked upon a group climbing up a ladder behind the waterfall. Bandits I think." Carlos looks forward and steps from the bath a halfling stepping away from a table jumping and laughing. "I joined them inside. I needed a drink."

,,Behind the waterfall," says William.

Shake looks to William.

,,And they let you in," says Shake.

Carlos flash a grin back, ,,I'm Carlos the Barded Dwarf son, of course they let me in."  

,,Why haven't I heard of this place," says Shake.

Carlos laughs, ,,Because your Shake the Sheep Rogue." Carlos pivots head side to side, "You're too hyped up on haste and speed." He looks a Shake. "Always use a couple slow seconds to look into the waterfall."

The hall of cards and bones tables end with a T-intersection. The T-Seciton junction is bare oak wood.

Carlos guids the group right.

The hall covered in ceiling, floor, and walls with black cotton blankes. Small glowing spheres illuminate as the group passes.

Kirra looks behind and spies a few black clad being shadowing the group. She looks forward. ,,How did you free us?"

,,I bought you," says Carlos.

,,With what money?" says Shake.

,,The diamond ring that was found on the bandits," says Carlos.

,,You mean the one you gave to Rex," says William shaking head.

Two ogres stumblling and snort laughing pass the companions.

Carlos looks back, grins. ,,You mean the one you thought I gave to Rex."

,,Great," says William, "The have probably torn about my house by know."

,,Would you rather have been dinner?"

,,You sure you gave the real ring away this time," says Myst.

Carlos nods, ,,I am sure. Thom's no fool."

Shake gauffs. ,,The ogre?"

,,Does it own this place," says Shake.

,,I don't know," says Carlos.

,,Are you confident Buckey will be OK?" says William. 

Carlos looks back, created site contact with William, slightly nods, says, ,,Yes."

,,Can I see him?" says William.

,,Yes," says Carlos.

Carlos guides left and a T-Section. A long hall is illuminated with small spheres of light. He guides between walls of a hall covered with a tapestry  of a panarmic landscape completed by both walls. The floors black blanket carpet flows to  purple. 

Drops of Spear's blood drips to rug.

Kirra looks back. 

Black clad beings step beyond the reach of light. She says, ,,We're being followed." 

Carlos stops, nods, says, ,,You are being followed." He looks black at Kirra, winks. He turns left. He stares at the tapestry.

A town spread from the edge of a castle wall and spreads to planes then becoms dots of farm house before a lake and a mountain give back drop.

,,Wow," says Minst.

Carlos leans close to the tapestry. He moves finger and focus from the smaill detailed images of villages near the lake. He straffes and stops. 

,,I can feel the magic," says Myst.

,,And you can experience it if you want to come to my room," says Carlos. He raises an open hand. "Take my hand and hold another's."

Myst holds Carlos's hand. William grabs Minst. Kirra holds Minst's hand. And Jan holds Kirra's hand.

,,No," says Shake.

Carlos pivots head side to side. ,,You are the last person I know I want roaming these halls under my debt."

William graps Shake.

Carols touches a grop of small farm houses.

They disppear.

They appear.  

A square room with a bed, a large blue wool rug, a desk, and rows of wooden shelves from floor to ceiling, a large painting of a farm town are around the companions in the center. Four small sphere's hover at the corners of the room.

Coths, a belt, a sash, and a back rest on shelves. 

Carlos points the bed, ,,Put Spear on the bed." He walks to the painting and touches it and disappears. 

Shake pulls away from William. He sneers at William. His hand trembles and shakes then hold still. He walks to the wall painting touches it. He looks back to William, ,,WE'RE TRAPPED IN THE PICTURE."

Myst looks at the walls and ceiling, ,,No, this is not a dimension."

Minst and William put Spear on the bed with a groan.

Carlos appears holding a bucket of steaming water, white towels and a satchel. He puts the bucket by the bed, the rags on the shelve, and holds the handle of the statchel before Jan. ,,Your satchel."   

,,Thank you." Jan takes the satchel and open it. 

,,I want out," says Shake.

,,Shut-up child," says Carlos.

All stand around the bed. The watch Carlos and Jan clear and clean the wounds. Jan removes a needle and thread from the satchel. She thread the needle and aims it at the end of the cut on Spears forehead. 

,,Spear," says Carlos. He slaps Spear. Shakes Spear.

Spears eyes flutter than close.

Carlos nods at Jan.

Jan sews closed Spears cut. All watch in silence as the needle pokes the flesh and the thread is pulled through.

,,That should do it," says Jan. She ties of the end. Then she open his eyes lides. "He might live."

Jan steps from the bed.

,,Carlos," says Kirra. "Food. Can we get some food."

Everyone stairs at Carlos.

Carlos nods, walks from bed and touch the picture on the wall.

,,What do we do?" says William.

,,Eat and sleep," says Kirra.

Spear appears. A tray of tomatoes, cucumbers, cheese and nuts are arranged on top. He puts the tray on the desk.

,,That was fast," says Minst.

,,The kitchen is the lake," says Carlos.

,,Where are we," says William. 

Carlos shrugs, ,,Some room and in some tree."

Minst yawns. The Myst yawns. Then William yawns.

They eat with both hands and swallow before chewed. Juice and seed drip down chins. The heat the tray of food. Shake burps.

The look at each other then silently find places to
lay.

,,What corner to I pee," grins Shake.

,,Empty bed pan under the table, or I can take you to the hud." Carlos opens satchel on shelf and pulls out a book.

William lays on the floor by the bed. Jan and Kirra lay in the corner. Shake sit in another corner starring at Carlos. Myst lays next to William. 

,,Dim," says Carlos. 

the room sphere lights dim. 

Carlos opens the book and begins to read.

A few people snore. Shakes jittering body calm and nods head and closes and opens eyes. 

Carlos sits and reads ruins from page while moving hands.

Spear maons and snores. He coughs.

Carlos reads.

Then Spears says, ,,Where are we at." 

Carlos looks up from the book. ,,Branching."







