Spear looks back at the pack's cart as he runs around a caravan of three wagons to the a caravan with four wagons. He hold short sword and a fist as he pushes into the ring of carts.

Two hugoblins wearing wraps of sandy white wraps roll on ground and grabble.

One hugoblins wearing leather armor pulls on the two on the ground. ,,GET UP. THIEF!''

A few shout, ,,YOU THIEF! YOU THIEF!''

A groupd presses between the carts and a couple of oxgoblins

The osxgoblins kick. 

Spear pushes between a hugobin and an oxgoblins. He pushes past the fat hugoblins, sheaths swords and grabs the two wrestling  hugoblins.

The two wrestling hugobins shake and fidget and pull against Spear's grasp.

Spear pulls them apart. ,,WHAT IS THIS FIGHT.''

The fat hugoblins wearing leather armor pushes agains Spear. ,,You releasae Holtik and Kulltik.''

A worg barks.

A canopy between two carts falls.

And oxgoblins stops.

Spears shakes both the hugoblins in grasp like dolls. ,,Who is the thief!''

Both shout. ,,YOU A THIEF.''

Spear tosses both to the ground and steps back.

Three hugoblins wearing sheets, leather and chained shirts stand shoulder to shoulder. One says, ,,You're the theif.'' Another spits at Spear. ''Human.''

Spear garps the one that spit and tosses hims back and steps through.

the other two garbs fro Spear, but Separ pushes between cart and an oxgoblins into the open.

A worg runs up to Spear and barks and snaps. Slobber sprays.

The two hugoblins on the ground swing at each other, and one swings and crawls undera fallen tapestry.

Three hugoblins step at Spear. They hold short swords and wooden shields.

Grilltik shouts from behind William. ,,HUMAN STEPS AWAY. PEOPLE LOWER SWORDS!''

Another guard runs between a cart and oxgoblins and stands between Spear and the caravan.

Spear shouts. ,,THE THIEF IS RUNNING AWAY.''

No one looks aways. Spear sees...

The person under the tarp crawl between the cart and oxgoblin and run away...

All look at Spear. 

Spear says and poinst to the other fighting hubgoblins still in the center of the wagon and oxgoblins circle. ,,That one there shouted thief and help.'' He looks to Grilltik. ''You have me let such words go unheard.''

The hugogblin spear points to steps from the circle center to the edge and says, ,,You are the cause of the chaos. You created. You are the theif.''

Spear stesp and looks down at the hugoblin. ,,You are weak for calling for help.'' He looks at Grilltik. ''Ask them who the were speaking. As the group and the people. What do they want of me.'' I am a guard.                           

Grilltik nods and looks at the hugoblins. She points short swords at the skinny hugoblins in wraps, the one once fighting and screaming about a thief, and says, ,,You name. Your story. You tell me know.''

The skinny hugoblin says, ,,I am Jolltik. I caught a thief. The thief knows the human.'' He points a finger. ''You stole from me.''

,,I am the guard selected by Grilltik.'' He steps back near Grilltik.

People wake. A few worgs shake and wiggle to stands. One barks.

The bark leads to a few moans.

Kirra walks with the bark. He hears the talk of Grilltik.

Grilltik says, ,,Spear watches train. I ask Spear. Spear guards the train during walk. Pulltik walk with Spear.''

She steps by Spear.

Jolltik snears. ,,Where is the other thief?'' He looks between the wagons and oxgoblins.

The people under the tarp kick and roll it to a ball. Six people stand on bedrolls. A couple pullup pants. Two hold short swords and peers between the oxgoblin and cart.

Spear says, ,,We are no more than a hundred. If there is a thief it can be found.''

Grilltik whistles loud. ,,You see the thief.''

,,Yes,'' says Spear. ''I seen the thief.''

Grilltik says, ,,You show what was stole? You show the thief?''

Spear says, ,,Jolltik knows thief. They talked. They spoke.''

,,I only see human thief,'' says Joltik. ''I see only human steal.''

Spear staires and grips swords and steps toward Jolltik. ,,You lie. You die.'' His heart thumps. His vision wavers. His hear spreads and pushes.

,,SPEAR!'' says Kirra. ''You step back.''

A few goblins click and clack. The hugoblins in the center of the three cart and oxgoblins look through sack and bags.

The fat hugoblins walks and looks under tarps.

Grilltik smiles,, Jolltik tell me the hugoblins?''

Jolltik ponts dagger at Spear. ,,The human knows. He is the thief.''

Grilltik steps past Spear, Kirra and stand before Jollitk. Her body flexes beneath the leather and wraps. ,,You talk Jolltik.''

Jollitk point dagger at Spear.

Spear feels heat thump and body sweat. Muslece pulls and jaw shift. He feels a surge of vibrating energy flow from the sand into the body. The world hues yellow.

Grilltik. ,,You say the hugoblin.''

Jollitk stammers, ,,The human-''

,,SPEAK THE NAME!'' shouts Spear. The shouts sounds to check through the hills and skulls.

Guile wakes and shifts. Inle and Grisle wake. Worgs, oxgoblins and hte people roll to side.

Jollitik says, ,,It was Grumbltik.''

From farm way, under the wagoin, Willaim wakes.

Kirra nad Myst stand near Spear thre camps away.

Pulltik says, ,,Grumbletik.'' She huffs.

Jollitik steps away from Spear. His eyes peer through Spear.

A hugoblins shouts, ,,The human caste a spell.'' Another shouts. ,,HUMAN WITCH!''

Myst hums and hits drum. 

Jolltik shouts, ,,YOU TAKE THE SNORING WITCH AWAY!''

PUlltiks glance at Kirra. 

Kirra grabs Myst's hand as her hand lowers to hit drum. ,,Quiet the hum.''

William and Giule hear the shouts. William stands grabbing sword and steps from cart.

Inle says, ,,William Westmore stay.'' 

William clenches fist.

Guile listens to the shouts. He hears Jolltik's shouts repeat. He shouts, ,,Jolltik is thief.''

Jolltik shouts, ,,Jolltik no thief.''

Guile links into Jolltke mind.

Insle walks to William. ,,We walk together. Grisle and Guile will watch.''

William nods and pulls on long swords.

Inle says, ,,You leave the sword sheathed.'' He wallk ahead of William. ''for now.''

They walk to the crowd gatherin around the caravan. People watch from the shade. Worgs sniff and bark.

People from caravn's around peer from the shadows. People stand around Kirra.

William and Inle step to the group around the caravan.

,,Where is Pulltik?'' says a hugoblins buttoning shirt.

Jolltik shouts, ,,WHERE IS PULLTIK?''

Guile flows from from mind into Jollik. He sees a collection of emotions and feelings that form to surface talk words. >No you won't. No you won't. What. Where is...<

He feels a fear, a worry and a tension. Guile sees through Jolltik sight the blurr of eyes and mind looking over the people while peering a glancing through the people.

Jolltik says again, ,,Where is Pulltik?''

A few goblins stand around Jolltik and peer at those near. They pull daggers.

Grilltik folds arms. She looks around.

,,HUMANS ARE THIEVES,'' shouts one.

The shout rages Spear. His fingers extends and spine grows.

Kirra pulls on Spear, ,,From the crowd go.'' She pulls and pushes Spear. ''Go.''

Spear peers at Jolltik.

Jolltik shakes, points and shoust, ,,You get human away from me!'' he steps back int he grouns.

A loud clash of symbols band around Guile and in Myst's mind.

Myst pulls on Kirra's grasp and runs to the cart and Guile saying, ,,The music alarm.''

Kirra says, ,,SPEAR!''

Spear hears and steps back toward Kirra. His heat beat and smell sniffs the fear from the people sweat. Spear runs to the cart.

Wiliam and Inle watch him pass.

Guile sees a shadow near the cart. He blinks away the smell, sense, and thoughts of Jolltil and sees a cloth wrapped behind pull water contain from cart and run to the Rise.

Spear sees the hugoblins holding water container running away from cart.  Spear leaps, kicks and jumps over the cart.

Kirra, Jolltik, Grilltik, William, Grisle, Inle and worgs and hugoblins sees Spear leap over the cart.

Myst hears Spear leap and land and the thumping drum alarm quiets.

Spear lands on the hugoblins carrying a water contioner.

The glass water container hits the sand and breaks.

Spear raors a squeak. His body shitfs and slides. Hair grows. Long hands and fingers grab the hugoblins.

,,SPEAR, STOP!'' shouts Kirra.

Kirra runs with William to the back of the cart.

Myst hums a soothing sound. 

Joolltik shouts, ,,A BEAST IS THE THIEF!''

Grisle shouts, ,,IT IS SPEAR!''

Inle stand next to William. ,,You will need to watch your back.'' Inle pulls sword from sheath and steps from Willia and to Jolltik, Grilltik and other hugogoblins.

A worg runs and bark growls at Spear.

William stands in front of the worg. He pulls sword from sheath and says, ,,STAND AWAY OR FALL BEFORE ME!''

Worg bark. Oxgoblins shake and stumble to stands. People dress, lift from bed rolls and steps from shade.

Short swords and small shields are grabbed.

Spear stands and lifts the hugoblins from the grounds. Spear body rises a foot taller. Hair hangs from body. His mouth shifts for muzzle.

Kirra steps to Spear. ,,SPEAR.''

The hugobins in Spear's grasp wiggles and squirm.

Guile sits in the shadows and shift body in to wererat form and pulls the robe of reighn over head and bod

Grisle steps to the sun. ,,IT IS SPEAR!''

Grilltik shout. ,,YOU RELEASE. YOU RELEASE.'' He pushes past to Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,Spear.''

Pulltik jogs from the Rise with eight hugoblins holding shortswords, small shield and black leather armor. He shouts. ,,WHY THE CHAOS!'' He steps by Grilltik.

The armored hugoblins with Pulltik spread around Spear, Grilltik, Kirra, Spear, William, Inle and Myst.

Myst steps to Spear. she hears the song.

The song thumbs deep into her heart. He hand pounds her drum.

People step from the group. The worgs whelp and run. People cry and shake heads.

Pulltik shouts, ,,YOU WALK TO CARVANS. YOU BE ON GUARD!'' His voice shouts empty over the sands and sun.

People steps back and slowly step back.

Spear hold the hugoblin abive him like offering the body to the sun god. He slowsl crushes the ribs.

The hugoblins in grasp shakes and pulls on Spear's arms.

,,Spear,'' says Kirra. She pulls dagger and short sword and put back to Spear. 

Guile squeaks a high pitch sound Spear hears.

The people step away. 

Pulltik glares at Jolltik. He points at Spear, ,,You release her...''

Grilltik says, ,,Jolltik, you stay.'' She loooks around. ''ALL RETURN TO CARAVANS OR LEAVE THE TRAIN.'' She coughs a bit and puts hand over mouth the create a cone for the shout. ''GUARDS WILL BE MARCHING THROUGH!'' She clears throat and spits.

Jolltik haults steps and looks back at GRilltik.

The guards by Pullitk split in twos and walk around the train camp. They peer at people, hold swords adn shields. 

Spear drops the hugoblins. 

The hugoblins scrambles to feet, and Kirra kicks her down.

Around the pack's cart, Guile sits under the canopy sniffing sweat sents, piss bags, shit bags, musky grain while twitching and squeaking into Spear's smind.

Spear, William, Kirra and Myst stand a leap distance from the back of the cart. The stand a circle and watch the hugoblins laying on the ground and the goblins around.

Pulltik, Grilltik, Jolltik and two hugoblins with short swords and small shields stand before Kirra and William.

Pulltik lowers swords. ,,You talk Grilltik.'' He squints and rubs eye with free hand. He yawns as Grilltik speaks.

Grilltik says, ,,I walk the guard. I hear shouting. I see fighting with Jolltik and Spear. Jolltik says Spear steal from the caravan. Spear says Jolltik was fighting with other hugoblins. The other hugoblins ran away during the chaos. I seen Jolltik speaking with anohter person before I arrived. They shoved by edge of encampment.''

Jolltik says quick, ,,Human steals.'''

,,Quiet!'' snaps Pulltik. He inhales and stares from Jolltik to the hugoblin laying on the ground next to Spear.

The broken glass and wet sand spread by the hugoblins.

Pulltik steps between Kirra and Spear and kneels by the hugoblins. ,,You speak name?''

The hugoblins pulls the wraps from her face and says, ,,Runlik.'' She crawls to Pulltik.

Pulltik steps back.

Runlik stands. ,,I take from humans. Humans steal from us. We take from humans. We take back what they took. They take water.''

,,You lie,'' says William clenching his steel hand.

Spear steps to Runlik, and Kirra steps before.

Myst hums, and Jolltik shouts, ,,The witch be quiet.''

,,YOU SILENCE,'' shouts Pulltik. ''All silence.'' Pulltike wipes forehear and visors eyes to stare at Spear. ''It is Spear?''

,,It is spear,'' says Grisle.

,,A human beast theif,'' says Jollitk.

,,Yes,'' says Runlik.

Pulltik punches Runlik, and Runlik falls.

Runlik bleeds from nose.

Myst kneesl next to Runlik and puts hand on nose and hums.

PUllitk shakes head. He says, ,,Jolltik and Kirra's caravan will detach from the train.'' He looks at Kirra. ''You may be right, but you are also human.'' He says loud, ,,ALL RETURN TO CARAVANS.''

,,We have guarded this train for many nights and days,'' says William. '' We have helped hugoblins fix their carts. We have earned to be with the train until Oasis.'' 

,,William,'' says Kirra.

Guile rolls to feet and stumbles in to the sun. He squints and find's his sight through the bright sun. ,,Want this. They want this.'' He sniffs.

,,I say quiet.'' Pulltik peers at William.

Spear stares down at the Runlik and the broken galls jug. His heart slows as Spear nears.

Pulltik wipes foreheard and exhales.

Inles steps from William to Grisle. Then they step under the shade of their canapy.

''YOU BE IN YOU CARAVANS,'' shouts Pulltik. He snaps fingers and twirls a finger while looking at Grilltik.

Grilltik snaps and walks. Eight in armor walk with Grilltik.

Myst removes hand from Runtik's nose. Dried blood covers nose.

Runtik blinks, says, ,,I hear drum,'' and Myst smiles.

Guile says, ,,They make distraction.

Giule stares at Pullitk.

Pulltik glances at Guile then looks at Jolltik. ,,You go to carvan. You stay. You stay after Rise and Set.'' He looks down at Runtik.

Jolltik says, ,,We leave now. We need water. We have enough for Oasis.''

,,Your plan wasn't successful,'' says William. ''You are a thief and shoutld be sent.''

,,Kirra quiet the second,'' says Pulltik.

Guile sniffs and steps to look down at Runtik.

Kirra smirks, she glances at William. William clenches fist.

Pulltik looks down at Runtik, ,,You are last to Kirra's caravan.'' He looks at Kirra. ''We leave during Set time. You will travel beyond the guard line from the train. You will not camp with in the train.''

,,Your justice shows you are no better than a goblin,'' says William.

,,Humans,'' says Runtik. ''You steal.''

Pulltik smiles. ,,You walk behind the goblins.'' He looks to the pack and says lound, ''First Jolltik and First Kirra WILL LEAVE THE TRAIN. JOLLTIK REMAINS HERE. KIRRA REMAINS HERE. THEY REMAIN BEHIND THE TRAIN.''

People look from shadows. A worg barks, and an oxgoboin moans and shakes body to dig into the sand.

The pack stands around the cart and Runtik.

Runtik lays on the ground looking at Spear.

Spear's body slowly shifts and schainge to human.

Guile's hairy body hidden remains a wererat. Guile puts hands on hips and mumble talks with Pulltik as he walks from the pack with Jolltik. Guile hears Pulltik and Jolltik's talk.

Pullitik says, and only Guile, of the pack, hears Pulltik say, ,,We give you water and food. You leave during the day. We don't need trouble now. I see that metal hand. You've travelled from here to Oasis and beyond. You know enough tales. Another steel hand you crossed.'' Pulltik and Jolltik walk past another caravan of the train and walk away with Pulltik says, ''We give you food. You travel now. You walk for time and half before train.'' Pulltik clasps Jolltik's shoulder and says. We will leave the steel hand behind us of a night and half. We have runner follow. We leave them behind. We get close to oasis soon.''

Jollitks clicks a sound and glaces back, wipes forehead. ,,We didn't steal, Pullitk.''

PUlltikd slides the hand rested on Jolltik's back to Jolltik's neck and squeezes. ,,You and your thieves need not return with me.'' PUllitik's thick fingers stab into Jolltik's neck and vein. ''You will be known as a thief. You will take some water and food from my wagon then you and your thief family leave. You understand me?'' PUlltikc stabs fingers into neck.

Jolltik nods head and breaks hold of clench jaw. ,,We are not theives. We-''

PUllitk stabs neck. ,,I not ask for guilt or innocent. YOu tell me you hears me or do not hear me.''

,,I hear you,'' says Jolltik.

Pulltik says, ,,You leave now?.''

,,I leave now,'' says Jollitk.

PUlltik pushes Jolltik from back of neck. ,,All you go. I will not tell others at Oasis of your ways and motives.''

Jolltik stumbles to the edige of the caravan.

A work barks and snaps.

Guile feels a buzz.

The buzz flows into his mind and becomes a purr.

Guile lets arems fall.

,,GUILE,'' says William loud.

While Guile was in PUlltik's mind, William and Spear and Kirra, Must stand in the sun around Runtik.

,,What do we do with you,'' says Wiliam he clenches fist.

Spear sniffs and poinst at Guile.

Guile sways and head slumps back and his body tips back.

The hood of Guile's robe of Reighn falls back showing Guile's rat like hybrid head.

Kirra catch Guile's body.

Then William says, ,,Giule, wake!''

Guile blinks and pulls hood tight around head.

William steps close to Guile and says, ,,While your were like state gives me no worrir.'' William looks around. ''I am feeling we are looked down upon enough for not being hugoblins.'' He steps to cart. ''We should try not to expose any more differences between them and us until we are asked to leave.'' He looks down at Ryantik. ''Guile, what dowe do with this one.''

Spear sniffs. ,,Kill it.''

Kirra snorts and stands over it.

Guile shakes head and puts hood over head. He looks at Runtik. He sneezes.

Runtik lays on back and stares. Runtik's fists grab the sand. Body lays calm and covered in sheet wrappings. Runtik's long body lays skinny and narrow. Runtik's face covered with scarf and head wrap. Runtik lays and stares to the sun and the sky.

The hot sun shines above. It's rays burn the skins and dry sweat. The light beams shines around.

,,Where do we go?'' says William.

,,We leave,'' says Kirra. ''The don't want us.''

Myst taps drum. ,,We will follow are own song. We will follow our path to oasis and our destiniy.'' She tapes drum. ''Reighn and song will lead the way.''

Williams smiles. ,,The bandit will remain at bay as we pull on through the desert.''

Spear flexes and glares. He pulls iight his wrapp and paces around the cart peeping at the hugoblins and worgs staring at the pack. He looks around.

The people in caravans around sit in the shade and sit by worgs. The caravan's around the pack have one on watch watching them as the rest sleep. A few wors dig holes and watch from hole and shade. They watch the pack stand. They see Pullitk walk to the pack.

,,Quick to sleep,'' says Spear.

William steps foot by the head of Runtik. ,,What do we do with the thief?''

,,Kill him,'' says Kirra. ''Or let him live.'' She looks at Spear. ''Tie. Put in shade.''

William says, ,,Pullitik comes.'' 

Kirra and Spear look back to PUllik.

Runtik throws sand at William's faces as William grabs Runtik's ankles.

The sand sprays in William's face, and William grabs Runtik's  ankles and pulls.

Runtike kicks and William's face, foot kicks William's face.

William's head slings back, but hands hold one of Runtik's ankeles while hand blinldy swings and catches Runtik's other ankle.

Spear and Kirra stabs words by runtik's head, and Spear kicks foot on Runtik's chest.

A crack and wheeze pushes from Runtik's body. Kirra kneels and pills wraps from around Runtik's face and neck and body.

Myst hums adn soft taps teh drum top. The hums shower her the people watching and looking at the pack from the shade and shadows. The drum shows to her the feeling of their soulds.

The people pound fear, hate and worry as they look a tthe pack.

Myst feels and seess all this after a few taps as William's holds Runtil's ankels; Spear presses foot on Runtik's chesk and Kirra unwarps Runtik's wraps. She says as her ssong show Pulltik stepping to pack. ,,We are seen from the shadows and will live in their shadow minds if we act as thieves and bandits.''

Kirra says, ,,Steal from the pack. Die from the pack.'' 

Runtik stares at Pulltik, who steps behind Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,PUllitik. You tell us to leave.''

Pulltik steps to Kirra.

Kirra wraps Runtik's faces wraps around Rutnik's arms.

William blinks away the sands while Spear hold Runtik to tground and holds two short swords.

Pulltik stands.

William glenches steel fist and Runtik whelps.

Guile steps into the shade and sits, drinks water.

PUlltik says, ,,I order Jolltik to pull up caravan. They leave soon. They travel now to dark and from dark to light. The travel a head.'' He looks at the pack. ''You travel behind.'' He looks Down at Kirra.

Kirra ties a knot around Runtik's wrists. ,,We travel now.'' She stands and tossses the wraps of cloth near William. 

William blinks and grabs the wraps, and Runtik shakes legs from William's one hand.

Runtik kicks Williams face twice and raises both, tied writsts and hits Spear's knee.

Willliam twists and wraps arm around legs and holds. Nose blees. 

Spear feels a sharp pain and hears a whelp from Runtik. He presses foot and checks. 

Kirra and Pulltik look at Runtik and Spear and William.

Pulltik says, ,,Runtik is squirmy.''

Runtik stares at Pulltik. 

William wraps cloth around Runtik's ankkles, looks at PUlltik through blurred and stinking eyes. ,,You know this thief. Or are you just wanting to make us look like heathens and further outcastes, but allowing us to judge his own fate.'' He squints. 

PUllitk says, ,,I pass judgement of death or life in your hands. Runtik stole from you. You are given to the punihment. It is the way of my train.''

Guile smirks, says loud, ,,Appear like a leader.  Decide and give judgement. Appear like a  savior for allowing the victim to judge. Give onus of guilt and hate to be on victim.''

PUlltik bows toward Guile. ,,My concern is for the wellfare for all.''

Willma spits out sand. ,,You are not one to trust.'' He wiggles and wraps Runtik's ankles with cloth wrap. ''I feel Reighn's song sing to me that you are singining a song that leads us to death while those who helpe Runtik steal.''

Spear presses and Runtik's chest. Runtik hits doubled fist on Runtik's knee. Spear presses check. Runtik chokes.

Kirra says, ,,We go. We don't wait.''

Pullitk folds arms. ,,You remain for one day and night.''

A few guards walk around a wide parameter looking at the pack.

The caravans around have a few people watchings. Worgs pant, and one barks.

Kirra spit at PUlltik's feet. ,,Go.''

Pulltik huffs. He step back. He raises arm and twirls it.

the guards step back and away, and Pulltik walks away.

William pulls knot wraps around run ticks legs. ,,We wait the day day and night.''

Myst breathes a whistle. ,,The path will be difficult, but our food and water and the song will be sung for the path.''

Runtik staps. ,,You die by heat.'' Runtik twists body and squirms like a snake in the sand. 

Willliam rolls his big body over Runtik's skinny and long hugobblin body. He rolls to chest. 

Spear moves the legs.

Runtik tries to slam knees into William's back, but Kirra catches the tie.

''The desert will consume you water. The oasis will reject you. The bandits will kill you.'' Runtik spits at William.

William grabs Runtik's mouth forehead, slams it back. He wraps cloth around head and mouth. ,,Silence and sightless will keep you mind and ears from you fait.'' He blinks away the sand sting.'' He glances back and sees Pulltik walk to the Rise. 

The guards walk toward pulltik and walk too.

William rolls off Runtik, and Kirra pulls Runtik to the end of the cart.

Inle says from the shade of canopy. ,,You keep that one alive until the train has departed. You see these people again in Oasis. You do not need to be there with the rumor you are murderous humans.'' He smiles.

,,How far from Oasis do we rest?'' says William. He stands and sees a blurred worlds. He search thr back for cart.

Kirra and William pulls Runtik under the cart near the back. Kirr pulls wraps and begins to tied Runtik's wrists and ankles together.

After William speaks, Inle replies. ,,We are about three suns from Oasis. The road from here to Oaiss will be clear of sand as the Coucil keeps it clean. You will find more waste and corpses along the way. The theives and bandits that live through these lands and the hills.''

Williams stand; Kirra ties off Runtik's hands and ankles; Spear says, ,,What type of bandits?''

,,The type ranges from bandits to killers to brutial killers,'' says Inle.

,,The council of Oasis have not control over these bandits and killers.'' William grabs a waterskin and lets water drips over eyes as he blinks.

Inle says, ,,Control is beyond the desert. Many believe the Council of Oasis are the bandits and the thieves using their position to position their personal armies in position of power. It is the council that controls the water flow.''

William blinks. ,,And who elects the council or by what power to they control this Oasis that by all accounts of this caravan seems to be an important plot point along the map from these lands to more fruitful and giving land.''

Inle nods. He pauses. ,,Merchants control the council.''

William sees clear. Kirra drinks and eats. Spear stands and watches.

Guile sits in shades, while Myst lays and taps drum.

William and Inle are the only voices through the desert.

,,Is there water in Oasis,'' says William.

,,Oaiss was once a large lake of water that flowed from what was thought to be an endless well. The well dried long ago. The water left is controlled by the council.'' Inle peers from the shadows to the sun to the caravans. ''I wish you luck on your journies. If we are to meet in Oasis, I will tell you more of what I know when there are fewer people to hear.''

William blinks and sees Inle. He steps toward Inle. ,,We thank you for your kind words. I hope to see you before you leave.''

,,And good sun and dark to you. In Oaiss we meet.'' Inles lays back on oxgobling.

Wiliam glances at Kirra. Kirra glances at Spear. All walk into the shade. 

Guile says from hood, ,,Leave soon after the leave. Follow. We make it.''

Myst hums, says, ,,With Reighn we will walk the desert without sight or sound if the enemy is found. I will pound the enemy into the ground.''

,,God and magic won't save from hord and bandits,'' says Spear.

Guile clears throat. ,,Not save from the psionics. Reading minds about.''

William wipes foread. ,,Then our path is before us. We must travel, but what of this...This...'' He looks at Runtik.

Kirra leans agains the wagons. back and drinks water. ,,We wait. We talk when the rest leave. We rest now for fight. We eat to remain.''

Spear nods.

They eat. They drink. The sleeps.

William watches through the day.

Runtik fidgets for as the shadows caste long then lays still starring. Runtik rolls and looks away from William.

William sits and looks round camp. His head nods as heat pumps.

The heat blow hot through the shade.

William pulls and shifts and fidgets with the pads of armor.

His head nods down and rests with eyes shut then Myst's snore waken him.

People are begin to snore.

Runtik snores.

A few guards walk past. One hold a worg that grows at the pack. One says loud enough to be heard over Myst's norring, ,,Humans waste.''

The shadows shift and stretch to dark.

The pack sleeps.

The sun lowers to the Set.

Kirra wakes. She grabs dagger and short swords.

Snores and sorts blow through the hot breeze. Sand spays and settles.

Smoke swriles through.

A fire pops embers.

The fire castes sihlouettes of worgs and people watching the pack. A wrog growls while another clicks and clacks with a hugoblins.

Kirra nudges Runtik.

Runtik rolls on back and snores. Runtik's wrist and ankles are untied. The robes lay in a pile. Runtik snores  and mumbles af ew clicks.

Kirra nudges Spear.

Spear leans back on cart. He says, ,,Kirra.''

Kirra nods at William and then Runtik.

William sleeps, snores with Myst.

Rntik snores with Myst.

Spear raises knife to neck and nods back at Runtik.

Kirra shurgs and nod head back. She stands and sheathes her short sword. She says, ,,Tie.'' She steps quick around the cart grabs the ropes.

Spear stands kneels outside of the cart and pulls Runtik from undercart and rolls to grapple Runtik.

Before Runtik wakes, Spear pulls and holds Runtik's arms and feet back.

Kirra tries and knots the ropes. She binds Runtiks hands by wrapping rope around the palms.

Runtik spits and cacklets. Runtik clicks. ,,YOu kill me.''

William wakes, sees the dark and rolls and stumlbes to ta stands. ,,The...'' He sees Runtik.

Runtik looks at William.

William hears the snore and a guitar pucking like water sing from head with a yawn.

The yawn wakes Myst.

Guile snores.

Snores around the camp blow away with the breezes.

The breeze gusts.

Sand scatters.

Inles's oxgoblins moans an moo and shakes and kicks.

Inle pushes to sit on knees and swat, says, ,,Well, wake and pee you ox.''

The ox goboins moand and clicks and clacks. It stands and stomps from under the pavillion and walks to the side of cart. it pees.

William glances at the tied Runtik and steps toward Inle. He says, ,,Inle. Let me thank you on behalf of our pack the knowledge and help. I do hope our being unjustly believed to be the causes of any trouble is a burden to you.  And may you not suffere humilitation by helping us.''

Inle looks from his Oxgoboins and steps to Wililam. ,,I only hope I have made a friend in a world where friends are hard to find.''

,,A trust,'' says William. He looks at Inle. ''In a world where one can only trust with life one of the pack.'' He stesp close to Inle and lets the fire light show his smile. His voices changes to near song. ''It is good to find one you can trust to hlep keep your life.''

Inle puts his hand out and holds open hand before William.

And Grisle wakes. His snore stops. ,,Who's...What...'' He pushes of golbins.

Inle and William glance at Grisle then stare at each other as hand clasp.

Inle says, ,,We will meet again in Oasis. The travel is  a smooth road.'' Inle nods. ''We will spread the good trail.''

Wililam smiles. ,,As my friends Shake once said. ,,Can't be good if thought bad.''

The release hands.

Grisle shouts. ,,INLE.'' He chuckles and spreads arms out. ''We pack. We harness. We go.'' He points around.

Inle says loud, ,,I hope to hear the song of Reighn that sooths through the night and brings me dreams.''

Myst humms then says, ,,You hum and you will guide the way.''

Guile's snore stops. He looks from under hood under night. His body is still fury and shaped like a large wererat. His thoughts jump and twitich with sense.

Smoke, child cries, fumes of worg piss, tan of oxgoblins piss blow and swirl with the sand and gust. Heat blows around.

Guile sees and hear thoughts in mind that vibrated in tune with a throbing pain that feels like pump that thumps quick in mind.

The voices in Guile's mind are clicks and talks. Words speak between tones. >You stand. You stand. Where go?...Go now. Go now...There is the person. The person is moving arm. The person raises arm. The arm is empty....All wake. We go. We back...< Guile lays and feels and hears the voices speak through.

Wililam glances at the non-snoring Guile and kicks to Runtik while standing between Kirra and Spear.

Spear stands. ,,We kill it.''

Kirra steps. ,,If we kill, we wait.''

,,Yes,'' says William. ''We...'' He steps after Kirra. We wait until we leave. We have time now to talk about it once they depart. Then we go...''

,,We wait to talk,'' says Kirra. ''Let them leave.'' She stops and turns to face Willam. ''Watch Runtil. Watch hands.''
 
,,It's kind of dark,'' says William. 

Kirra grabs waterskin. ,,I watch.'' You count water and food. Fill water skins. Move water back and stack pss and shit an edge. The steal. The steal piss.''


William nods. He shifts around the water and piss containers. He hums with Myst.

Myst hums with the desert wind.

The wind slows around the pack. It calms and the sand settles. 

Kirra stands over Runtik.

Spear walks around the camp and sits.

William shofts and moves the glass contains and sacks.

Myst humms until the sun falls below the Set.

Darkenss spreads, and the caravans load.

The train moves. Oxgoblins yank on yokes, and chains taut. Wagons wheels roll. Wooden axles grown. A line of guards lead walk from the wide opening of the camp oint the dunes and onto the wide robe. 

The soldiers sppread from the road and walk over the hills. Glasses and sheets are wrapped around faces. They hold small shields and short swords. 

After the soldiers, wagons and carts roll one at time to the road. One by one the caravans of the train fall in line and order to the step and rythm. They roll by the pack with a few glances and many worg barks. 

The pack watches in silences. Kirra glances down at Runtik and slaps the back of here short sword against Runtik's hands.

More ox, carts and people walk and rull past.

Inle settles on ox goblin and scratches behind its ears. ,,We will see you in Oasis.''

The two oxgoblins step and the long wagon pulls after.

,,We will sing a song for you,'' says Reighn.

Inle bends over for a bow. ,,I will listen.''

Their oxgoblins roll our of the camp and on to the road followed by the one last carvan for the train. 

Six warriors roam around the open and barren camp.

The voices in Guile's mind whispers to silences. He hears the wind and rolls on side, says, ,,Rise and walk after them.''

Pulltik steps near the packe and the cart. ,,We are departing to Oasis. I hope you do not hate. We must keep the train together and without feat and doubt as we near Oasis. They are hungry, scared. They know the next lights and nights could bring fight. A fight brings death in a barren land.''

Kirra spits. 

Guile mental shouts.

Spear stands.

Myst hums and says, ,,You sing a solo when you being to remove people from your choir. Another group they will find where theives are not sung softly to, but shouted at and condemened.''

William sniffs. ,,Wise words that will keeps us alive. I only hope you...''

,,Leave,'' says Kirra. She spits agains and walks to caravan. 

Pulltik steps, turns and leaves. His shiloutted walks the road and falls behind the hill.

The pack stands and stares. 

The desert wind gusts warm. The darkens deeps. 

,,Leave watch,'' says Kirra. She grabs bow and walk. ''I find the watcher.''

Spear grabs swords. ,,I go. I-''

,,Stay,'' says Kirra. ''Watch Runtik and camp.''

Guile's shouts echoes like in a cave with a distant yelp and mumbled thoughts. He feels the thump of the kill, the hunt the watch. Two distant minds shout an mummble int Guile's sphere of throbing pain. Guile sniffs and catches a wiff of piss and sweat with fumes of musk that stink. Guile sneezes.

Kirra pulls arrow from shaft and notchees it on bow. She steps from the camp.

,,We walk half night. We will not wait a full night for them to create noise. We give half a night to allow them to wake the people hiding,'' says William.

Spear nods. He feels from the ground and through the body to say, ,,Be silent until Kirra finds those that remain to watch and listen.''

Guile snorts. His voice is more high pitches but calm. ,,Feel two distant beings. The Rise and Wane they stand.''

Spear to the edge of the long circle. He kicks over empty sack burn boxes and bags. He kicks through the glass.

A carcass of rotting oxgoblin lay half barried in sand at the edge of camp. Small piles of broked glass scatter along the pariemeter of the flat camp about a lake wide camp.

Spear walks the parameter.

The desert wind gust cold then settings. Some sand blows.

Spear rubs hand over sheet covered chest and walks from the parmeter to the cart.

William sits in the parameter. William stands by cart and Runtik. He peers into the the dark until the squint is too much. He warps sheet aroud the mouth and says, ,,Can't be good if thought bad. Only if you can be had.'' He stares into the dark and into his lyric. ''Can't be good if thought bad.'' is spoke with Mysts hmmmmm hmm hmmmmmmmm hmmmm hmmmmm hmm hmmmmmmmm hmmmm hmmmmm hmm hmmmmmmmm hmmmm hmmmmm hmm hmmmmmmmm hmmmm...

Myst hmmmmm hmm hmmmmmmmm hmmmm and sits seeing an mumbling with Reighn, ,,You see all around. We seek you sight. We want your might of voice...'' to mumblings in her mind that sing with a drum that beats with her hart and in her head.

Her body fills with warmth and the warmth spreads through the cold. 

The song flows through Guile and beats a drum with the throb of Guile's ankle pain.

Giule's ankle pain throbs and beats to form sphere in the mind.

Guile rolls to sitting then a stand an lets the robe fall from body. His body shifts and changes. His legs extend and grow. Fur covers from head to toe. He walks from the cart and to the parmeter with the sphere of pain focusing around mind. He sniffs and smells Kirra's sweet sweat.
 
Kirra walks from the parmeter.

The wind gusts front and around.

Sand sprays. 

Sand slips under Kirra's foot.

The sand stacks a dune as tall as a tree in Westmore Canyon.               

The dune rises and slips down like a large wave.

Light casts from the Rise from the moon. shines over the dunes the span over the ground slowing wirsing and sharply rising. 

The dunes around are short and long and rise to the rise and slower the Set.

Kirra holds bow and peers along hte horzion. 

Window blows over the dune top, and sand sprays face.

Kirra's eyes blurr.

Through the blurr, Kirra sees two shadows run over dune top. Dance in a circle together then run behind a distant dune.

Kirra's head breaks the peak and pokes from the shadows of the dune.

Dunes spread.

The two shadows run over the top of the moon lit dune and fall below.

Kirra watches along the horizons.

Dunes rise and lower from the Wax, Set, Wane and Rise. 

To the rise, clocks of oxgoiblin bell are heard. The sight of a faint yellow glow rides along the road. 

A shilouette to the rise walks along the creats of a dune. 

Kirra stands and watches...

The breeze blows cold. The sand slips under foot. 

Guile runs in rat form along the open camp area beyond the parameter and to Kirra. His paws pounce and leap up the dune with ease until Guile stands and breathes  next to Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,Two worgs.''

Guile sniffs. His voice high pitched, but the same rough cracking talk. ,,Smell two worgs. Think of play. Want to go away. Read their mind.''

The worg's thoughts spread into Guile's Pain Hive and pulse strong and weak like alternative volumes in an echoing room. Click and clacks mummble to barks and smacks of surfact talk. For the many breathes Kirra stands to look over the planes, and Gulie focusin on throughts of the worgs, Guile sees complete thoughts of, >Run. Go. Where are the beings. ...There...Chase. Got. ...<

The two worgs run down a dune toward Kirra and Guile.

Guile sniffs. ,,They watch. Leave report.''

,,Half night,'' says Kirrra. ''They run back. Catch the caravan.''

Guile feels a bark shout hit his Pain Trust. Guile says, ,,Seek to read our mind. Talk quiet. Away.''

Kirra looks around the plan then looks at Guile. ,,We plan. You protect our minds.''

Guile nods. He prounces down the hill. With heac paw hitting sand, a pace is created. Guile sees the pace and the beat of jumps and pounce over the sand to the cart.

Kirra glances at Guile prancing across the open, falt sand toward the pack and cart. She watches from the two worgs on hill top then around the horizon of dunes and flat ground.

The two worgs stare toward Kirra. One worg nips tail of other worg, and the worgs chase around the dune and run near.

Guile scurries with strides to the cart. He walks on hid legs and says with voice still scratched squeeks. ,,Two worgs watch. See no others.''

Spear steps to the cart and nudged Runtik with foot. ,,We have time to kill runtik.''

Myst humms. ,,The death of this one will give back to the song.''

,,We keep alive,'' says William. He kneels and pulls dagger from sheath. ''We find why he wanted to steal from us.''

,,Quiet,'' says Guile. ''Don't trust area. Those worgs can hear and know we takl. Their mind talk with minds. Their click and clack are Goblins Tongue.''

,,Let the beasts come and hear me speak. They will not understand or know how to understand our words for they are not from...'' William looks down at Runtik.,,Silence,'' says Guile. ''Unless.''

Runtik stares at William rolls to back stares at the sky.

The sky twinkle with points of light. 

Wind gust cool.

Spear feels a chill. He feels a warmth rise from the sands through feet and body. He looks at Guile. ''Unless, Runtik speaks, we will not know.''

Guile steps over Runtil. Saliving drop drips from jagged teeth and extended claws. 

Saliva drops on Runtik's forehead. ,,Quiet the one.''

,,Giule,'' says William. ''We wait for the pack to decide Runtik's fate.''

,,Quiet,'' says Guile. He steps from Runtik. ''We kill it. Death silences.'' 

Spear steps by William and close to Guile. ,,We wait for Kirra.''

Guile looks at Spear. 

They stare.

Guile says, ,,Quiet.'' His nose whiskers wiggle, and nose sniffs. He steps from Spear to the other side of Runtik. He sits and ties his shoes. His claws and long fingered paws pull laces loose, and he pulls of his shoes. ''And tosses them on Runtik.'' He tugs on his branching armor finding the straps adjusted and pulled and reset to form around his hybrid rat body. He lets the rob of Reighn fall to ground.

Runtik covers head in silence. 

Spear stares at Guile.

Myst hums and says, ,,Reighn will set us silent if we need to protect, but the beasts will be at bay once we are far enough from the caravan.''

William clenches steel fist. ,,We listen to Reighn for our guiadence. Even her song can sing through a thief to feel a murderer.''

Guile glances at William's steel fists and glances at Kirra. 

Kirra stands and stares at the two worgs standing on top of the sand dunes watching her watch them.


