The sun shines reflects white blinding eyes from direct sight of the illumination. The white forces it way through the skin and to the eyes. The white melts the snow and the cold water flows over into the cloths and skin.

Kirra moves. Her body is pushed to a stand leaving a deep impression of her in the snow. She dusts off her body and put the arrow in hand in her quiver and walks with bow to her bundle and swords still down the stairs.

She walks slow testing each step before taking another. Her approaches against the wall brushing bits of snow to fall down. She walks down the steps and looks back as the image Jan still laying in the snow.

Jan stares at the beauty of snow covered valley not wanting to move to change the calm world and disturb the natural energy held in the moment.

The snow clings in patches along the canyon walls and slops, the cracks and ledges. Snow as deeps as a thumb covered the moutnain trail and the stairs flowing down to the trees of the canyon floor.

The tree tops capped with snow and covered on the side spread over the canyon floor toward the sun rays illuminating and to the narrow twisting canyon merging to point on a distant bend. 

The canyon's end as it narrows and bends to water and wind flows.   

The wind blows in gusts brushing the top of the snow and spraying snow mist. The wind pushes a bird flying near canyoin's top side to side. The wind sways the tree tops bringing the the canyon as one.

The bird cries.

Jan hears the cries tell he the sun is above and food is need to begin to keep the balance of energy for the birds and trees. She hears the wind flow along the rocks and the tree branches. She hears the snores of William, the slow breath of Minst and the smacking of Myst's lips.

,,Good morning," says Myst.

Jan smiles. ,,It is."

Myst push from the wet, warm stone and shakes off the warm water from her hand.

The hide coat and pants lay wet upon the side pressed upon the stone. The hide remain dry inside keeping Myst's skin dry and warm.

She push hand and arm through the hanging neckline of the hide coat and pulls out Reighn's star.

The white of the snow reflects from the gold of the star shining a flash upon Jan's face.

Jan smiles. ,,The star shines bright during the day."

,,It does," says Myst returning the smile.

Kirra hears the talk while lifting here pack from under the snow. She walks to the stair top and throws her back in the snow. ,,We are targets."

Myst stands and throws pack over back. She lifts up her hide coat and straps her belt holding two pouches and the mace around waist.

The drum dangles from the sting hanging on the pack.

Myst grabs the drum with on hand then curls arm around body holding it close to side of chest. She smiles and winks at Kirra. ,,Shall I drum the awake."

,,No," says Kirra. Her face unmoving and voice steady and calm. She points at William, Spear and Minst. "They need to wake."

Myst steps by William's head and kicks at the snow.

Snow hits William's face.

He scrambles hands and arms, grabs sword and leaps to feet drawing back sword and...

,,Will," says Myst.

William blinks and wipes the snow from face. He lows sword. ,,Why?"

,,Time to wake," says Minst. She walks to the stairs and looks down becoming lost in the white and to rock adn slow swaying trees.

Spear opens eyes. He lifts his slouched head and  reaches for his sword feeling a dull pain spread from shoulder and through chest. He grabs the swords and stands. The pain in chest spikes then fades.

William stands and shakes head. He stretch arms and moans. He looks up at the sky and points. ,,The bird must be waiting for prey"

The bird talking to Jan floats.

,,It watches us," says Jan as she pulls out an mushroom the size of a palm. "It watches for another." She bites the apple and chews watching the bird float and glide agains the wind keeping steady above.

Minst rolls and begins to blink eyes. ,,A familiar?"

,,Yes," says Jan.

Kirra pulls back bow sting and lift it as if aiming at the bird. ,,I can take a shot. No more watching."

Minst pulls his pack from the ground and open the top. ,,No." He begins shuffling through his components. "If the sights seen last night were an indication of who is below, and if that is a familiar, then we best let it watch and fly."

William kneels by the bundle of armor and begins to until the rope.

,,Leave the armor bundled." Kirra loosens slack on bow string letting the tension fade. "Unless you want to be target."

Kirra pulls pack over back, then quiver. She checks the hold of dagger and short swords as she holds bow and walks down the steps.

William watches Kirra walk down the steps.

Spear, William, Myst, Kirra and Mint grab, scrap, pull and lace up bags, coats, pants straps, and scabbards.

The cold hits Minst and Myst and theys step from the Sphere of Warmth and into the cold.

The snow crunch under feet leaving deep impressions. Short clinks and dings sound from the armor slung in a buddle of the back of William.

Their feet slip and catch and step down.  They reach the bottom and on by one each begin to inspect the rock face and find only smooth surfaces.

Minst whipsers tongues of symbols then looks over the surface rubbing his hands over the jadded edges and natural appearing grooves and chips. ,,No magic."

,,No seams," says Kirra.

William steps across the platform to the edge and looks down the next set of snow covered stairs.

The bird above swoops and circles.

Jan presses her hands against the stone pushing her energy and force through palms.

The energy is pushed into and flows. A jolt is. The push slams Jan's plams and throws Jan into the snow.

She slides to the stop near William's feet.

William pulls swords and drops the armor bundle with a clash.

The solid rock wall remains a solid rock wall.

Everyone stands back away from the wall.

Jan stands. She picks up her staff. ,,It's rock. Solid. No illusion. There's something."

William looks along the rock face from the platform and up the wall.

A large craving of a rat the size of bolder with a dagger stuck through its back with the dagger tip poking from its stomach is upon the rock face above the top the stairs. William stares point sword at the carving and lowering  a hand toward Jan.

Jan follows the sword tip aim and grabs William's hand. She lifts and looks and says, ,,We should leave."

Kirra, Spear, Minst and Myst step from the wall while William and Jan begin to step down through the snow and steps. Their feet scramble and step and descent to one switch back platform to another to another. 

Willaim slips and falls. 

The armor crashes. 

Spear pulls up and William and grabs the bundle of armor.

The descent down the snow covered steps below the tree line, below the sun light, below the wind and into a cool calm dim filled with the faint sounds of water and the heavy breath, clinking equipment and crunching of snow.

The group jobs from the stairs an over patches of snow and pine needs. And without talk they stop in a clearin around the steps.

The pine and oak trees trunks see beyond sight. The rough and rocky land covered in pine needles and brown leaves slopes down. 

Spear and Kirra hear the breaking of twigs and pine needs through the distan trees.

Kirra in on fluid motion pulls and loads arrow in bow and aims through threes.

Spear points at William and points away. He slowly sets the armor bundle on the ground  and walks away from the group.

William walks away from Spear and passes Myst and Minst whisper, ,,Not alone. Move."

Myst hears this and peers through the trunks and the brush as Minst pulls out the three components of his belt with one and then a bullet and holds his sling in another.

Jan runs from the stair case and to a tree, slides staff between back along shoulder blads and begins to climb digging fingers deeping into bark.

,,TRAP," hollers Spear.

SWOOSHS!

Four ropes pull from ground, pull and lift from trees  as a net rises beneath Minst and Myst. The robe and net bundle contracts and rises into the trees high above.

Spear dives to the ground seeing four arrows shoot above body as side slides over pines, leaves and mud. Hammer is pulls and lifted. He sees three being running from tree trunk to tree trunk and along the rock wall.

,,MYST!" hollers William. He drops his armor and extends the guantlet toward the top of the net.

The net rises then stops with a bounce, and the guantlet does nothing.

Then a shimmer, a large palm as wide as William appears from the guantlet and slams to the ground before William as a bolt of lighting hits the large hand and sends shocks and jolts of electricity around the palm.

Kirra sees the bolt of lighting streak through the trees and slams back agains tree trunk, pulls arrow from quivers, fires arrow, then another.

Two arrows cut two ropes of the net as Kirra pulls a third arrow and fires two arrows at two silhouettes through the tree trunks.

The arrows fly and two silhouettes dive from arrow's path.

The arrows fly, and Jan climbs.

Jan grips the tree and and digs fingers into the rough bark. Energy pulls and flows and spreads through the trun adn to the roots and from the roots of the tree to trees.

As Myst and Minst fall from net, limbs above reach, catch and lower Myst and Minst.

The tree silhouttes running along the wall run into the open and the light at Spear. The three wear hide pants and coats stained with mud and patterned with diamonds. Dull metal short swords are grips in a one hand and wooden shields with diamonds carved in the center in the other hands.

They run, they enter the clearing, they holler as they form and crooked line and charge toward Spear. Their screams echo after the strike of lighing agains the huge force hand around William and as a group of four dart from tree trunk to tree trunk.

Arrows fly between trunks and hit the stone wall.

Spear leaps to feet catching the edge of arrow along the back while raising roar and hammar and pick.

,,SUBDUE!!!" hollars William stepping away from the spectar hand.

Tree limbs wrap Myst and Minst then lower and cover them from a set of arrows.

Minst and Myst step to ground.

The song sings through Minst. Deep in a force beyond body guides her and from drum and begins to tap and light quick roll with one hand while pressing palm over reighn's star.

One of the humans nearing Spear feels the drum and sees Spear. Short sword falls to grounds. He runs away.

Spear catches one sword with pick head, slides the pickhead down to the hilt and hand of the warrior and pulls the sword away the finishes the swing at the other warrior, who lifts a wooden shield.

The shield shatters. The warrior screams and falls.

An arrow cuts Spear alone the back.

Spear slams the head of the pick into the open face of the last standing warrior.

Shrubs reach and tangle around the feet and ankles of sihlouettes running between trees triping three and tanngling another.

Minst walks from the tree limb wall and looks through the forest waving hand and saying, ,,Freeit." As his hand waves before face.

A purple circle from through the distant were the tree trunks appear to become a wall. The purple spreads until the clearing is covered. Thin magic lines begin to weaves from the tree tops to the ground. Minst begins to step. The purple fades. ,,We need to leave." He walks  quick to Myst and William. William stand s next to the druming Myst.

,,We need to leave. Spell is being cast," says Minst and pulls on Myst's should. "NOW!"

William nods.

Myst shakes head. She runs blinds pounding drum in uneven taps.

Strans of web span between tree tops, tree limbs, pine needles, leaves from the sky to the ground and around Minst, Myst and William. The run from the clearing becomes a slow step.

Webs stick to the back of Jan.

The echos of Myst's drum tabs echo to silence.

Jan climbs the tree as fast as a squirel break through the webs with ease. Before the final webs lay woven over the ground Jan leaps from a tree top to another tree top.

Kirra hears the pulling of the webs, sees the falling four people tripping over brush, feels Jan above, touches only three arrows and pulls sword from sheath and puts bow to pack running low through the brush and trees silents as the feet fall.

A purple light coveres Kirra illuminating in the dim of the tree canopy. She leaps behind a tree slaming shoulder in trunk.

Four arrows fly by.

Kirra picks up her sword, spits and shouts, ,,WHY YOU SHOOT?"

Spear hears the shout as he leaps to the running warriot. They impact. They fit the ground and roll. Sword, shield and hammer fly and lay on ground leaving a trail to Spear and he grabs the warrior and pins him to the ground. A sharp sense of doom flows and spikes his spin and he rolls from the person.

A magical light strkes past and hits the rock scattering.

The warrior near spear rolls to stomach and kicks upon the ground and scrambles away.

Spear grabs warrior's ankle. ,,NO," he says deep with stress. The warrior falls to ground. ,,WHO ARE YOU?" stresses from his mouth.

Willam thrashes to see Spear in the distant tackle the warrior runnign away. He pulls out sword and swats sword and hears Kirra's shout. Rage, fear, hate, pain move the use palm to wave and break a path from the webs then it fades.

Tree limbs swing up snapping more webs.

Jan clings to the top of pine tree branches and trunks. The snow cold seeps into her hands and covers her moss robe. She climbs through the snow and pines to the trunk base and listens. She hear's KIrra shout and looks around Kirra seeing now movement of people. Then she hear a bark and the sound of many feet running over the snow and pine needles.

Kirra sees three groups of ten run between the trees before and left and right. She grabs the trunk of the pine tree and climbs...

William and Minst and Myst see a group spread to individuals.

,,Behind a tree, now," says William stepping behind a stree and glenching his sword. He stairs at the bundle of armor lost in the web.

Minst follows and feels over belt counting off in head the rows of components then pops a component packet from belt. He steps behind a tree.

Myst remains in the clear and taps her drums.

,,Myst," stresses William.

Myst taps. And Spear reaches and grabs the warrior shaking with fear.

,,The sound,' He says clawing at the ground. "The sound, the, the, the sound..." she says between strained breath.

Spear looks up and sees the sihlouettes in the distant run from tree trunks counting ten before he stands grabs the rambling man and pulls him up before him and then slams against the trunk of a tree holding the shaking man between him and the runing sihlouttes.

The sihlouettes become men wearing leather and hids covere with diamond patterns. A few of the men stop their run and a few others turn and run. From tree to tree they come. Shouts and commands echo between the walls.

Kirra climbs and disappears through the limbs of the pine trees.

The rap of Myst drum tap drums along and through.

Two layed warriors in web begin to shout, ,,HELLP!'' as they shake and twist in the web.

The warrior help by Spear begins to cry and web.

,,IF YOU WANT TO FIGHT WE WILL FIGHT," roars Spear, "BUT BRING MEN AND NOT BOYS WHO WEEP!"

He pushes the crying warrior to the ground and rushes for the group of ten. Feet kick up pine, leave and snow. He leaps over brush. He follows his roar's echo forward...

A low blow of a trumpet honks in short pulses then in a long series flowing blows rising and lowering around and through and fading without echo.

The spread warriors weilding swords and shields slow their walk and low their swords and shields. The formation spreads from a back to loose line. The steps over shrubs and snow.

Spear feels the sound spread over body tickling feet and hands and vibrating a message through his body. The tension in his jaw spreads from face and through body then flows away with the slow and low blows of the horn.

The blow flows around Jan and Kirra calming the rage in their minds and pump of hearts to a calm pace of reason and aware.

They see the span of people step casually around the tree trunks.

The blow of horn flows around Minst, William and Myst.

Minst lowers his hand with a component and his fist becomes loose cupped hand. The images in his mind and the cant on tip of tongue become blurred. Minst sighs and looks at William.

William glenches fist and raisese swords. He grabs Minst.

The component falls from Minst's hand.

,,Back," says William.

Myst begins to tap her drum with the waves and sounds from the horn. She raises another hand and poinst. ,,They are slowing. And the sounds." She looks at William. "We can't fight them all."

,,Nor can we trust one who traps and rushes up us with rage," says William. "ON GUARD!"

The webs strung from branch to branch and needle to needle fade.

,,The webs are gone," says Minst.

The light around Kirra fades.

The sound of feet crunching snow and snapping pine needles. Talk and laughter is heard as the men in leater and hide armor pattern with diamonds walk under Kirra and Jan and toward the clearing.

The cool wind blow through the dim. A few coughs are heard. One of the warrior laughs before Spear. Speaer hears the crying behind.

Spears calm ceases with fist gripping hammer.

The with the wind and the music notes a sound speaks to all. ,,We will no harm upon unless you provode." The the wind blows and the sound speaks again. ''We hope for only peace...'

The warrior close around Spear.

Spear lowers his both pick and hammer.

The warriors stand and close behind a single warrior wearing leather studded armor pattern with diamonds. Her leather pants studded with diamonds and tight against her legs. Her hand grips a shining short sword in one hand and shining dagger in the other casting and shining thin streams of light through the tress.

Spear and her stare. They stare.

The wind blows.

The warrior packs back and to the side enter the clearing near the two wounded warriors. They spread their ranks. Five follow a single warrior dressed in studded leather armor up the stairs to stand.

A couple stand around William's armor bundle.

A group of ten lead steps behind one in chainmail with a breast plate, arm plates.
 
The chainmail and plates of the platemail shine with the long sword and a small gleaming metal sword held by the leader's hands. The shining long sword is lowered as the leader steps to William. ,,We are the Diamond Points," he says. His long flowing blonde hair highlights as sunbeams shine through the branches. 

William nods.

One of the two around Willaim's armor bundle kneels and begins to pick at the rope.

,,Why the Diamond Points?" says Minst.

The warrior with the long sword looks at Minst and says loud. ,,Gret!''

,,Secure," says the woman before Spear they still staring and still.

The warrior by Minst says, ,,Ron!''

,,Secure," says one standing on the stairs with the five warriors.

,,Spear!" says William gripping his sword.

Spear stares, steps and walks away from the group of standing warriors toward the opening and toward William. ,,Eleven.''

,,Seventeen," says William. He walks from the warrior group and to the two kneeling by the bundle. He steps by the one untieing the knot of the bundle rope. "It may be sixteen!"

The Diamond Point pulling at the knot of the bundle looks up at William. The other raises his dull short sword.

,,Lower your sword, Glen," says the warrior with the shining long sword.

Glen steps back and lowers the short sword. The kneeling warrior grabs both his short sword and wooden shield from the ground and steps away.

William grabs the armor bundle's rope and lifts the rope over her shoulders.

The armor rattles and clash as it settles.

Kirra and Jan hear the rattle and the talk. Both look at each other through the limbs. They pivot heads side to side and look down.

Kirra slowly moves hands from the cold branch to a fist switchiing while the other warms.

Jan clings to the tree tops looking below and above.

Rays of sunshine glisten over the tree tops and begins to lower. The wind blows from a breeze to gusts burning over the cheeks of Kirra and Jan.

The sound of rushing water fades with the gusts.

,,Who are you?" says Myst.

Spear walks into the clearing and stands by William.

The chainmail warrior lowers his sword and bows before Myst. ,,I am Dante."  He slides his long sword in a jewel embedded leather sheath the raises a hand before Minst. ,,We are are the Diamond Warriors. Our name is taken from the God that gives us light during time of dark and hardens our resolve and sword for the fight."

,,Forths of Seasons," says Myst. She smiles and looks into the blue eyes of Dante. She lifts her hands and spreads them palms out then presses thumb tip against thumb tip and index finger tip against index finger tips creating a diamond shape before the heart.

Dante smiles, winks, ,,Forths hardens the fist, but softens the heart."

Myst tries to hold back a smile while she says, ,,I have heard." The cheeks flush with a blush  making her cold red cheeks near the color of a rose.

,,And you a love Reighn," says Dante.

William steps with a clutter by Myst and drops his bundle with Clash. ,,William. William of Shorne." He stares at Dante's blue eyes. Their height the same allowing the glare to be even. "Who attacks us without provocation. Who sets a trap like a rogue?"

Spear steps and stand behind William seeing the warriors to the side.

Warriors begin to close in around on the four.

Dante slightly bows head. ,,I am Dante. Please for give for our crud trap as we are not accustom to this type of roguery, but for many nights we have suffered destruction and choas from theives that run the night." He looks from William and looks at everyone making sure to talk to each as his words to continue. "When we spied your armor reflecting the morning sun we felt if you were the few that caused us much chaos during the past nights then our numbers and honor would not give us the harden fist to defend the families we are protecting." He looks at William and smiles. 

William stares and his jaw pulses. ,,Thank you.'' He forces through near clenched teeth.  "I do apologize for any harm we have done." He slightly bows head. "We will be on our way."

,,Please, come with us," says Dante looking at Myst then Minst. "We have fresh mutton and eggs. Fruit. Let us eat and talk of our adventures." He looks at William. "We can tell you of where will be travelling and what valley of devils it has become."

,,We have seen," say Minst. 

Willam pick up his bundle of armor. ,,We know what has befallen to valley. And we thank you for you invintation to dine. However we are needing to clear this canyon and find our are way. It is a timely matter."

,,William!" says Myst looking at the side of William's taut face. "Dante is offering  warmth and protection. The least we should do is listen. We don't need to remain the night." She looks at Spear. "We will part soon."

Spear looks from Dante to Myst. ,,The canyon is a trap." 

,,Why are you in the canyon?" says Minst. "It appears to end."

Dante sighs. He lifts a hand sread hand above head and makes a fist. ,,We were could find no better place to defend the families and people we travel protect." 

The warriors around begind to walk through the trees and away toward the other side of the canyon.

Dante steps to follow. ,,If you wish to leave, I will only warn you the journey before you is one taken with caution and care of where you sleep next." He looks at Myst, bows slightly. "It is always a pleasure meeting one of Reighn." And turn and walks away.

,,William!" says Myst like a slap across the face.

Myst steps toward the departing Dante then turns and faces William.

As Dante walks off into the trees, he says, ,,If your companions in the trees wish to join us for a meal then please let them know we are friends and not foes."

Myst peers at William.

William guffs. William watches as Dante and warriors walk through the forest wall. ,,Myst we're not those people. And what are we going to share. That the goblin horde could be a creation of an undead relative of mine? Are we going to let them know we seen the attackers last night?" William stops. He looks at Minst. "Are we being watched?" Then he looks at Spear.

,,I feel no scrying," says Spear.

,,Nothing magic is seen or sensed," says Minst.

William says, ,,Thank you, Spear, Minst." He looks at Myst. "Are we going to tell him of our time in the mountain? Of the dragon? Of Carlos?"

Myst's shoulder's slump under the hide coat. ,,I don't know William. I only know the more people we met and talk, and talk William. The more prepare we will be to meet our challenges."

,,Myst," says William pushing back rage from mind. "Myst, I am only worried I won't know how to lead if we begin to lie," says William.

Jan drops from branch and silently glides along the limbs and needles of a tree to another tree and to another tree until standing near Myst. Jan stares at the green and brown and smells the pine. She feels the moss of her robe flow and hold from her flesh and to the sticky and tasty pine and smooth and smokey skin of the pine tree.

As Myst says, ,,Reighn will guide my truth."

Kirra remains in the tree and follows the Dante.

Jan says, ,,Less talk."

Minst sees hues and weaves of red circles like Reliefs of the Rose Pack ,,Now we are being scryied upon," says Minst.

,,Our thoughts?" says Spear.

,,Protected by Reighn," says Myst.

William looks at her drums. He looks at her.

,,I know what you're thinking," says Myst.

,,You can read minds?" says Wiliam.

,,I am no psionicist," says Myst.

,,Is Reighn?'' says William.

Myst peers at William.

Kirra hears the talk as if whispers. Kirra knows the talk. <Date hears not.> Kirra climbs limbs tree to tree pumping own a few pine needles free with no sound.

Kirra can't see and can barely hear Minst say, ,,Our voices carry."

Myst feels anger forces anger out and Rieghn castes silence around the group.

Jan smiles.

,,What are we going to do?" says Minst.

,,Talk less," says Jan.

,,I wish to leave the canyon and begin our journey to the valley. If we are to find the location of the small shield then, before we die by the goblin horde, we need to begin now. The valley is vaste," says William.

,,The mountains look near," says Minst.

,,Those are the Grand Mountains," says William.

,,Grand Mountains," is the only thing Jan heard or hears as the words and the faint distant mumble fade from her full. The words are lost with the wind and thrash then shake of the pines and branches and breanch and leaves.

Leaves fall to the ground  with flakes of snow.

Kirra walks and climbs and glides with the wind shake of the branches hiding the discrete sounds.

The sound of water covers a  snap of a twig.

A snap that Jan hears with the wind as she begins to span the mass and energy of the trees and the life and energy around.

The energy pushes back and flows into her and all at once Jan feels the cool, smooth, slow, brisk, crisp, pine, dew, snow, mud.

Jan smiles.

,,Where do you want to go, Myst?" says Minst. He points to self and looks off through forest at the wake of the trail travelled by the Diamond Warriors. "A camp and people for a night under the open skies to enjoy its return would be good. I would like to talk with those who caste the web and the light. And the scrying I am seeing right now. This could be of the mind. I have never."

,,Less talk. Less thought," says Jan.

Spear nods. ,,A night here and night up the canyon. I care not. I do feel to continue the journey is lost in time. Another night away will not help us find our path." He pauses as a sense of his feet becoming roots and growing into the ground. "Yet, I feel the need to remain near until the next sunrise."

William looks from Myst to Spear and nods. He grips his sword and sets down his bundle. ,,You decide my fate." He kneels and untils the knot. "I'm no leader." He pulls at rope. "My fate is to follow." He looks up and Myst and pulls apart the bundle. "Maybe Dante needs another rusty short sword to follow him around?"

,,Maybe," says Myst. "And Maybe we may find something of the far land from them."

William nods. ,,Yes." He stands and puts breast plate over head and lets the shoulder set. 

,,We should remain. Their story may answer questions we we need," says Minst.

Jan walks toward the narrowing of the canyon deeper into it twist. ,,The river, trees and wind call." She walks though the trees leaving with staff. "I will find you after the next rise of sun."

William lifts shoulder plate and fidgits to connect it. 

Spear says, ,,What say we all?"

,,We go," says Myst. "We go and find new friends and not foes."

Spear nods. Minst smiles, ,,Yes."

William looks up from armor. ,,I will follow once my armor is doned." Then sits on ground with arms out and begin to attack the other shoulder piece.

,,One stays. We all stay," says Spear.

Minst looks at Myst. 

Myst closes eyes and huffs. ,,We wait."

William sits and attaches his armor. Spear stretches and practices throughing his warhammar end of end at a tree trunk. 

Spear focuses on hitting the hammers head upon an object. He throws his hammer feeling the toss and the twist.

Myst begins to walk around the open space and pound on her drums.

The pounds find pace with her step and slight sway back and forth as foot steps find the pattern of a dance. The pounds flow to a rhythm of wind and tree creeks and water trickling The pounds push out and flow past Kirra and to the Diamond Warrior to the edge of the wide and camp the Diamond Warriors walk toward.

Kirra hears the pounds and begins to step the echo. She spies the warrior's walk.

the Diamond Warriors close ranks a behind Dante. Dante walks with hand on hilt of long sword in scabbard. His fingers tap a tumpet tied to his leather rope to the beat of Mysts sounds.

The Diamond warriors talk. 

Kirra hears only a few commond subject and words like, ,,Fight,'' or ''Eat,'' and, "Sleep," and,  "tonight."

The campire smell in the wind and stuck between the pines pushes the musk and pine from the nose covering each breath the smell of buring wood and animal fat.

Kirra steps and graps and follows the warrior's as they step and duck through the valley. A hand grabs a branch to a full pound and foot pushes against branch with a half pound.

Myst's pounds flow out and through the canyon beyond Jan as Jan walks after the staff.

Her staff feels to become one with her hand. The vibration of staff to ground flows and spreads through the staff and back to the ground before reaching Myst's hand.

Jan walks through the trees hearing a bird's cry with the river. The sound of water raging over rockguide Jan's foot falls and plays with the pounds of  Myst.

Myst pounds her drum.

Crash and trashs rattles and shakes armor to remaining pieces.

William grabs the waist and thigh plates and stands conntecting them in place with quick movements.

CRACK! of tree breaks through trees and breaks the beat of Myst's drum solo.

Spear's warhammer falls to ground from the split in trunk of thick tree.

,,Good hit my frind," says William.

,,Loud," says Minst as he fingers out a component of gun powder and slips it into belt the he takes is sling and checks the  ties stands and walks by Spear. "Good hit."

Spear picks up hammer. ,,Thank you." He looks at Wiliam. "Are you ready to present yourself, my friends.

,,Let us hope," says Myst. "Or I will need to get my bed roll ut and find branches for a lean-to."

William smiles. ,,I am ready."

Myst walks through the trees leading the quartet after the parting warriors.

The crack of Spear's warhammer against the tree strikes through the forest. The crack shakes and shutters through Jan and gives pause to Kirra. 

A few of the warriors of the Diamond Warriors grab their swords and turn about.

Dante continues walk without flinching and movement. He nods head and gives a distant mumbling welcome to warroriars standing at the border of a camp. 

Kirra hastens her climb and walk from tree to tree seeing part of the camp to view.

Wholes dug waist deep and protect by logs on the sides line a parameter of ground cleared of pine needles, leaves and snow. Warriors dressed in leather, hide and studded leather armor stand in pairs by tree trunks and in the pits. The warriors in pits hold big cross bows.

The warriors with Dante disperse and walk with and stand with the guards and walk deeper into the trees and the camp far from Kirra's sight.

Dante walks slow from guaud to guard and pit to pit talking and laughing and sharing a bite of meat or sip of ale as Kirra watches. 

As Kirra watches, Jan walks by the brush the shurbs, trees, vines and plants. Jan walks until the staff in hand and the robe over body feel to come one with her body. an's body expands and walks until it walks with the wind, cold, pine, smoke, pollen and the flow. Her mind is blown away with a gust and thoughts flow thourgh the pine needles and falling leaves.

As Jan floats with the wind, Myst, Minst, Spear and William walk between trees, shurbs and saplings. 

William walks behind Spear and Minst and Myst. He looks over his armor for dirt smeers. He grabs his hammer and swing it back and forth and around feeling for its balance and arch to strike. He walks and steps leaving loud sounds of heavey feet thought pine and snow. He walks and stares a Myst the forward feeling a heavy chest hold back his breath.

William's breath carries and match the pace of Spear's shallow breath.

Spear walks light and careful to leave little damage and noise in his wake. Spear hears the running of a mouse from hole to hole. He watches a possem rumble along the brush scurring away from the path. He sees snapped pines and twigs of the warriors who passed.

The smell of burn fat floating in campfire smoke flows to the nose and lest the body know of hungry.

,,Food," says Minst.

,,Soon," says Spear.

Myst pulls out an apple and takes a bit. 

The bite sounds a crunch.

Kirra hears the cruch and so does Dante, who glances from a kneel by two solders standing in waist high pits.

Dante looks back to the archers and talks a distant bander only a murmur to Kirra.

Kirra slowly and steps and balances and sways from tree to tree sending no crack back to Myst or Jan.

As Jan floats by with the wind. Her body walks with the trees and the brush and the living staff. Jan is the trees and wind and roots. Her force flows through between solders and sentries and campires then leantos and tents and a cloth pavilion tent near the river were Jan then flows. She flows toward the canyon and further away from Kirra, Myst, William, Minst and Spear.

Spear hears foot break branch. He sees two of the Diamond Warriors walking through the trees.

Mysts taps side of drum.

The Diamond Warriors look forward as Spear walk off in distant behind their backs.

William watches the Diamond Warraris walk into the three wall and glances up trees for Kirra and watches Myst and the area around while swinging and lifting the war hammer. His booted feet heavy under the armor crunch over leaves and dried pine needles.

Minst walks with hands at sides and body movement constrainted by the wide sleeves and pant legs of the hide coat and pants. He walk looking and seeing relief pictures in the trees and brush. The reliefs rewritten to be seen a new scene with the wind. He looks at Myst and feels lush, but feels connection of trust spelling over the lust he feels for sexual pull.

The sexual pull does pull in Spear with a hint of hormones finding its way through the wind. A smell of Jan feels to him deep and replaced with the smell of feline sweat in the smoke of the campire.

Spear feels the burn deep as the cold wind gust then slows blow over body giving cool to the mental fire.

They walk through the trees into the tree wall.

Myst taps top of drum with step and raps a tap with bounce.

The drum tap taps through the tree wall and echos off the rock wall pausing people of the camp in step.

The camp a deep camp spaning from the tree cover to the wide open shore of the winding river to the other side and into the forest.

The rock wall a light time walk to the other side of the wide.

Kirra kneels near trunk at top of pine tree peeking upon the camp and seeing Dante turn to look through the trees and give focus from a group of soldiers to the sound of Myst's drumming.

Dante lifts an open palm the group and bows, says, ,,The one of Reighn may be drumming for me."

The group of warriors laugh and nod and dispirse.

Dante walk into the forst and under the tree where Kirra stands and pulls trumpet from fassen on belt and lifts trumpt. He stands and taps foot and smiles, lifts the trumpet and begins to blow.

The horn blows and flows smooth from neck and through the trees with peaks and valleys hitting the beat of Myst taps.

The trumpet sounds are felt but not hear but is felt by Jan and her force flows along the river and body walks away.

Jan turns from river flow and with a gust of wind against a trumpet blast then the smooth flow of its slow low blow beats.

Jan is then a gust.

Myst is a flush. Her cheeks pink with cold become red. She warms and lets the count in mind tick to the trumpet.

William sees he walk pace begin to step with Dante's trumpet. He swings his hammer and spin on hill finding its heave head to help guide the spin. He wacks an aimed for pine cone and berry on a branch. He steps and continues walk with the hammer level at side and balanced in mind.

Spear smiles and exhales the sweet sent of female sweat carried deeper into body with the trumpet blasts and drums bumps. He holds back a smile as the pumping of heart hits a beat.

His muscles shift and expand.

Spear can feel the jaw unlock and bone bend to near a snout.

William sees Spear. He sees the shifting of his body and Spear's body begins to move to the music of drum and trumpet and the sweet sweat not smelled of felt by William.

William steps through the brush in a slow rush around trees and against brush letting foot crunch. 

Minst looks and Minst sees William the Spear!

William looks back and points at Minst then Myst and puts palms over hands. 

Spear steps withe music with slight sways and shifting body. His movement stutters and slows.

Minst steps behind Myst and whispers to her hear. ,,Your inciting Spear's beast."

Myst look backs and sees William walk near Spear. She stops play to hear William says, ,,Spear."

,,Spear," says William and Spear hears.

The sound of Spear an echo through the slow raging and arranging mind. 

The drum echos fades.

Spear hears William and feels the pump and push of body and inhales slowing the flow from hand to foot to head. He inhales the rabid beating of the heat. He inhales stretching musles and exhales a long slow breath creating a cloud of heat mist billowing from mouths.

The heart slows beat. The muscles relax and contract as the pumping hit a pace of the wind and the river sounds and the sway of trees.

The trumpet blows out it's sound as Dante lowers the horn and hears their foots steps.

Step that Kirra hears too. She doens't turn to watch the approach, but watching the near dance of the people of the camp when the horn blew.

Kirra kneels and pull aside branch.

Another pavilion tent with wide open flaps where childen and women walk to and from. Enteriing with empty bowls and plates and leaving with steaming potatoes and mutton.

The families walk with plates and step between triangular tents as tall as spear with a wide base. The mom's duck their heads into the tents. Rows of tents scatter from the forest and over the clearing of the openground around the river shore and distant land free of trees. Tents of fur and hid and cotten are sparce onother side near themountain side as wooden shacks build a wall along the trees. 
 
 Kids run and shout and begin to appear from tents and wooden shakes. The wooden shakes made of fresh wood stripped of its skin. 

A distant sound of hammer hitting anvil rings through the morning.

William hears the anvil ring and looks to his sword in scabbard on hip. 

The heart of Spear feels to fine and pace with the slow anvil strikes. The muscles relax and blood flows slow. He breathes and nods at William.

William looks at Myst and Minst and nods toward them. 

Myst and Minst smile and walk on through the trees and shurbs.

The pine and leaf and snow covered grounds begins to clear for mud. The shurbs become bare and naked of leaves and berries where not pulled up.

Wooden stakes are jammed in the trees creating ladders to platform on the tree trunks.

They walk between trees and shrug contracting to a loose group taking seperate routes around trees and shurbs but coming together after they pass.

They pass tress and shrubs and a few guards standing by tree and brush.

The guards stand and look as the group pass.

Archvers stand on wooden boards spiked into the trunks like perches for birds. A few peer at each of the group keeping eyes on their walk and actions with hands on bow and arrows. The tension through shoulders and arms slack as Dante walks past and to Myst.

Dante claps his hands and says, ,,Bravo. You have a rhythm feel for the music many a bard will feel jealous." He casps his hands and bows. "Welcome to our encampment. He raises from bow looking at Myst then looks at all and says, "We are eager to hear of you travels and tell you of ours and give you protect, food and rest to be on your way when your way takes you away." He looks at William. "Your armor is of craftmanship that will be the envy of all in the camp." He steps close. "Amazing curves." A blonde lock of hair slides from a pulled back bundle and hangs before his blue eyes and chisled cheeks set off with a day's stubble. "Impressive suit." He looks at Spear. "We are about to serve the warriors breakfast." Then he looks at all. "Come. Eat. And I can only hope we play later tonight."

Minst, William and Spear fall into step behind Myst and Dante.

,,Who cast the fireworks last night and the web," says Minst.

Dante looks back nearly grabbong Mysts open hand as he does, ,,Jon." He looks foreward. "Jon of Diamonds. Likely the most powerful wizard from here to the grand moutains.

,,I seen the fireworks last night. I see flashes of magic never before seen by me," Says Minst.

William bumps Minst.

,,You seen the show last night," says Dante. "What kind of view did you get to witness the awe that is Jon?"

Minst glances at William.

William peers at Minst.

Minst looks back, and says, ,,I was..." His voice trails then he swallows. "I was on a trail above the tree line."
        
Dants looks back. His hand brushes Myst's hand. He says, ,,From the steps. The trail up the mountain?"

Minst looks to William then Dante. ,,Yes."

,,Did you come from the pass?" says Dante.
        
,,We are here now," says William as he steps before Minst. "We are here dispite my desire to continue on from the canyon. I feel it too trapping." William raises his voice. "Dante, what brings you and your people in a place that has no exit with a horde of goblins spreading through the valley."

,,Yes," says Dante. "What appears to be a location perfect for ambush and flawed for the fight? The walls of the canyon give us point to protect." He slows walk to drops step with William and Minst.

Myst follows Dante's step. Spear watches the archers on perche follow each of the group. Then he sees Kirra slowly climbing down a pine tree.

Dante steps with William and says, "I lead these people across the valley as the goblin horde was gathering. These people are the people who were the last."

They walk from the trees an to the open field of grass and dirt matted and spotted with holes with meat and leantos.

,,And the towns and the city along the way, what happened to them?'' says William.

,,The are still towns and cities. I heard up North they are now beginning to armor their army. I sent a small team to the two towns and the city telling them to arm themselves with all the might they find," says Dante.

The open fields around the slow river bend are covered with tents, leantos and pavilions span in some column and row order. Soldiers stand sit on logs  around campfires watching a meat cook or a pot heat. Steam rises with smoke. Coughs and sounds of sniffs com from a fire near the edge of camp.

Near the edge of camp to the edge of frost where Dante leads the group is spotted with rock walls and holes drug from the rock and fine dirt. Solders stand with pikes and shields by the walls and holes. Cross bow holders aim arrows at William, Myst, Minst and Spear.

Spear hears and sees Kirra climb from the tree and into body of brush.

Kirra climbs down and walks from brush behind William and Dante appearing to have stepped from the forest to the clearing. She says, ,,Why are there women and children?"

Dante grabs sword hilt and looks back. His shoulders relax. ,,The snow. We were caught by the snow. Our scouts report all trails are snowed or to small."

The walk past soldiers with Dante nodding.

,,How long have you been here?" says Myst.

,,Thirty-two Cycles," says Dante.

Dante looks at William then looks at the camp. ,,What brings you to the canyon?"

,,The goblins," says Kirra.

Dante nods, parts a smiles. ,,The goblins?" saying the words like a question.

,,Yes," says Kirra. She walk behind.

,,And the pass," says Dante. "Is it safe from families?" Dante stops walk and turn about half way between the forest line and campline. He turns an points at the mountian. "What is that?"

William glances back. He looks at Spear, who looks at him.

Dante's finger points to the large rat carved into the side of the moution above the switch back stairs.

Kirra walks past Dante and says, ,,It appears to be a rat."
He looks back to Kirra and follows the look with a step to her. ,,Were they any such similar etching found along the path as you travelled the mountain?"
,,No," Kirra says.

Dante looks to Myst. ,,Did you arrive through a canyon or in the valley?"

,,The Valley. West Valley," says William.

The tops of round rocks warm under the slow step of the group lead by Dante.

,,The West Canyon?" Dante nods at the woman with shiny armor and a dagger and knife. She nods and glances at Spear. Then looks at Kirra. "The swamp?" Dante glances at William then walk forward upder the sun.

Beams of sun shine illuminate the plane that the river splits. Sunlights shows the smoke rolling up from the tents and pavillions. Light gleams from the snow covered tree tops. The sun shines through the wind and with Jan.

Jan flows along the wide wind of the river and between the canyon wall feeling the push out and up and everywhere into the sun and past her body still running through trees and leaves and by the drying moss falling from her cloak. She falls and floats and feels the moss peel and plop to the ground. 

Sun shines upon the faded green. Sun shines upon blue and purples algea spreading a blue shade over Jan's cloak and she runs through the sun beams and gleam of snow.

The snow coveres spots of shrubs and rocks and trees to the tents and pavilios in patches. 

William exhales a billow of breathe creates white clouds. ,,Yes.'' He says. ''The swamp.''

,,How did you get through?" says Dante. His step slows as they near the tents.

The saunter past men standing around a campir drinking mint tea and jasmine brew. The wind blow calms. The sun beams warm flush cold living flesh.

William says with a flash thought of Buckey. He looks to the ground then looks up at at the camp. He hears a distant whinny the bluster. 

,,Fighting,'' says Spear. ''Fight and hiking.''

Dante stops near the tent line. He stares at Spear and William, Kirra then Myst. He smiles at Myst. The sun reflects from his bright white teeth. ,,You will have to remain for food and talk. I would love to hear of your adventures." Travelling through the swamp is an act not novice or novices will survive." He smiles and looks at all. "Surviving a horde is a feat and a show of warriors and friends. We could use advice on what is to come. Now, I must make my morning rounds," he says as Gret, the woman wearing a shiny set of armor walk and stands by Dante as he continues to say. "Gret will show you about, get you a good morning meal. If your not hungry then feel free to wander, and if you wish to leave then let me say it has been a pleasure so far in knowing you will lead us out of canyon before we can make the pass.''

,,We're staying the night," says Myst. She looks back to William. ''We will leave during the morning." She  winks at William.

,,It pleases me that you will remain. Gret will find you a place to bed if you wish to remain in the boundries of the camp." He looks at Gret and walk off.

,,Will you be joining us later for drinks and talk?" says Myst.

Dante staps and turns slight, says, ,,I do not drink the ale or spirits, but talk would be a pleasure if time wills it." He walks through the tents.

Myst watches Dante walk through the tents pointing and talking and sending leather armored warriors walk in different  directions with a smile, a nod and a firm, ,,Yes."

Kirra exhales a long blow from parted mouth as the breathe. ,,I'll be sleeping in the forest.''

,,But don't you want to be around people," says Myst with a smiles and light voice. Her gaze watches Dante with a twinkle from her and not the sun.

A billow of smoke gust past stinking eyes and spreading smell of mutton and bacon. 

,,No,'' says Kirra. She pulls short sword from sheath, glances at Gret and looks at the group. "Food is running around waiting for me. Arrow shafts need to be found." Kirra walks from the tents and over the clearing and into the woods.

Grete puts fingers in mouth and blows creating a bird chirp quick and short.

A dist archer mounted on tree platform raises and hand. He lets loose a cry of a hawk.

Kirra was on and through and from.

Spear smiles. He takes oof his hide coat letting his bare arms hang from the tunic. He rolls up the hide coat looking at Gret. ,,Where's that lamb?'' says Spear.

,,And where's the familiar?'' says Minst starring at Grete. He pulls tight on the disk wrapped in the Bag of Hern. He touches his spell book spine.

Grete looks at Minst then Spear. ,,Food is prepared under the brown pavillion.'' She looks at Spear. ''Women and kids eat first.''

,,We have our own provision," says William. He glances at Myst and pulls out dried meat. 

Spear looks at Grete, huffs and walks away through from the tents and toward the river.

People walking past look at Spear. People arond campfires look up and keep sight of him as he steps behind another tent or Shake.

William, Myst and Minst watch Spear walk away. 

Grete looks on at Minst, Myst and William.

Myst looks at Minst. Minst looks at William.

William says, ,,Need we you as a guide or may were walk the area and leave when we wish.''

,,I am here to help you with questions?'' says William.

,,Who was scrying upon us this morning?'' says Minst.

,,Will Dante be coming back?" says Myst.

William looks at Myst.

Grete smiles. ,,I am here to help welcome you. Dante's perticular about guest." She steps toward the brown pavillion with its top peaking above the tent line and small wooden caravan carts and trailer homes.

,,Like a carnival," says Minst.

Grete smiles and looks at Minst. ,,There are not jesters or mystical creatures to pay to see. And we are not gypies." Here eyes and blonde air shone through the sun light and appear to glow to Minst.

Minst's sight follows the sunlight flow through and from her hair. Her pale skin shone brigth white sparkles Minst's eye. Minst smiles. He raises hand.

,,I am Minst,'' Minst slightly bowing but never losing eye contact with Grete.

Grete smiles. ,,Minst the Mage.''

Minst raises to a postured stand. He smiles. ,,Minst the War Wizard.''

Grete's cheeks flush red and perk as she smiles. ,,Grete the Paladin of Diamond.''

Spear slaps Minst in the back. ,,She's Chaste.''

Grete peers at Spear then lets face relax when looking at Spear

,,And now she's going to ask you for money for the temple," says Spear.

,,No," says Minst staring with Grete. Minst extends his hands.

The clasp hands and shake.

Minst and Grete feel their flesh.

Their hand part.

Minst says while staring with Grete, ,,It is a polite greeting.'' He looks at Spear. It a fine way to feel the touch of another.

Spear grabs and squeezes Minst's shoulder.

A dull pain spreads from Minst shoulder.

Spear lets go and laughs.

Grete winks at Minst. ,,Come, and I will take you to the best campfire breakfast in all of camp." She walk and nods at Myst and leads them through the tents.

They walk single file behind Grete.

Skinny paths the bend and turn betweem the tents and lean-tos. The paths open to a campfire here and there with men standing around the flame with heads and hands hung over fire.

Fire smoke pillows and blows and rises into the brightened canyon. The smoke spreads over the tree tops and settles into the cornors of the canyon. Smoke swirls  around Jan.

Jan runs with body through trees. Her robe pulling back to let the flesh feels the cold morning and sun and the smoke.

Her robe wips and settles and the moss bit of moss falls from her technicolor robe of algae. Patches of purple, red, green, brown, black, white and a bright yellow spot and stipe her rope. The thin patches twist in the wind. The algae smells fumes of flowers of  afield during a warm summer morning.

The smells of her cloak swirl and flow behind her and blow with the campfire smoke.

The campfires smoke spreads and smells back to Kirra as she begins to look over the ground for stick to be shafts and for tracks to be animals for dinner.

The campfire smoke billows around the camp of the Diamonds.

The paths before Grete become mud and rock to silt and rock.

Rock and mud becomes slit and mud with yellow grass matted between cracks and dead against tents.

The paths of tents and leato pass pavilions and carvan cart with awnings proped and doors and windows open. Men around campfires become men, women and children around campires starring the pots, meats and fruits hung over fires. The paths lead to rock and silt and the open shore of the river.

The river a wide winding river snaking from the narrow of the canyon a morning's run from the camp and through tress and along the rock wall to the open Valley. 

Women wash plates and cloths down  stream behind a parameter of men with swords and wooden shields Upstream men toss and pull on nets grabing flapping fish to fill wicker baskets.

Kids run along the shore using sticks as swords to fight for the rights to own the river shore.

The wind blows sending chill through Wiliam and Minst.

Minst is warmed by seeing Gretes neck as her blonde hair whups with the wind.

Grete steps into the river between the span of men and women fishing adn washing.

Minst, Minst, William then Spear step into the river.

All bodies shutter then stiffen feeling the strike through the body. William glenches his guantlet covered hand. Minst tries to hold teeth from chatter and force body foreward.

They wade through the water never wetting above Minst's knees.

The wind blow freeze the feet slow.

A group of warriors pass.

,,Have you feet of ice?'' chatters Minst. "Or have skin thick as leather.''

Grete laughs soft and says without a look back. ,,After many cycles I have found it helps to wake and focus as I focus upon warmth of a sun."

,,You look too young to live here the time it would take even the most disaplined of monks to thik away that cold." Minst shivers.

Grete glance back and looks at Minst then focus upon the caravans and pavilions, tents spread before.

A group of kids running without shoes runs from snow capped rocks to the slow flowing river.

Grete follows the kids past Minst and looks at Minst. She smiles the sun to shine in flash before face focus forward.

The walk from now capped rocks and silt to mud and paths of solder's march adn pather between tents and paviloions.

The cold wind blows pack cloth walls.

Myst holds clock on head.

Grete leads through bent and angled path to an opening circle by rectangle tens and a huge pavillion.

Chatter and fumes of fragrant waves of eggs and ham linger and spread. Rosemary and sage spread into nose. A child's laugh fills sound then sound empties to chatter and talk.

Women, men and children stand around in the circle near one of three fires eating from metal bowls with fingers. Small boiled eggs, slices of ham and chunks of carrot finger from plat and bowl to mouth. People chew and point at plates and smile a grease and food covere grin.

The warmth of the people creates a rising cloud

Grete nods and says, ,,Excuse me,'' to a few she nudges. Myst follows her step and nod with her step in nod.

They squeeze through trying not to tip plates and bowls then stand at the entrance of the pavillion.

Talking, loud talking and shouted orders overwhelm Minst's voice as Minst says, ,,SMELLS GOOD.''

Grete looks with soft eyes and relaxed face at Minst and nods.

People walk out of the cloth pavillion holding steaming plates of food. Fingers pull egg and ham. They pick at ribs and chunks of meat. Legs of bird are held by kids.

The slowly step into the Pavillion.

They step as Jan runs to a jog to walk as bare feet step over pine and rocks to the river. She runs the river watching fish scurry away. She see runs through the cold waters feeling no cold from the water or wind against the flesh covered with her cloak.

She breathes. She focuses. She feels her foot enter the water. She feels the water. She feels the flow. then she begins to run through the knee high water without splash.

The fish swim around leggs and feet unknowing ofr Jan's movement through the side of the river.

She reacsh as she runs adn swipes a fish and bites the fish and eats the fish.

Spitting out the scales as she walks up the river and into the wind.

A wind that blows through the trees swaying their base and tops. A wind blowing snow mist into Kirra's face.

She bends down and picks up another shaft for an arrow. She steps on rocks leaving path undisturbed. She follows a trail of boar with sight between brush and trees and a fallen logs. She steps quick from rock to bolder to green grass to tree trunk looking and searching. Then she hears a snort.

Then the shaking of brush.

Kirra puts new shafts in quiver and pulls out her sword and knife and listens.

As the sun rises, as the wind blows, as Kirra waits, lights illuminates the ground.

Sunlight illuminates the smoldering campfires and thinned crowd outside of the food pavillion.

Inside the pavillion Grete, Minst, Myst, William then Spear are given plates with equal portions of egg, ham and carrots. Then Grete leads them out to a smoldering campfire.

Minst takes an egg and bites.

Rosemary and pepper burst and seep into tongue and spread through body. Heart pumps and mouth opens for more.

Minst chews and swallows, cleans teeth. ,,Good.''

Grete nods and eats. 

Each chew and nod as bursts of garlic, onion and ham fat.

The rising sun warms the canyon and calms the wind to a cool breeze.

People leave the smoldering camfires and part with burps and smiles.

A mass of shouting and laughing children spread and run paths from the area calming the mood and sound.

The men with gray beards and bend backs talk at murmur through food. One yells, ,,THERE'S A GOBLIN CITY!''

One man pushes another and barks egg and sound from mouth, ,,I'M TELLING YOU THERE'S A GOBLIN CITY."

Grete smiles and begins to step towar the trio when William says, ,,Gentleman, If it helps I have seen a town of goblins inthe West Canyon, so there being a city-''

,,NO!'' Intrupts one, who points a finger at William. "A couple city on the other side of the valley. NEAR THE GRAND MOUNTAINS!''

Grete swallows, smiles. ,,Don, we believe you that the city was always a goblin city."

,,Grete,'' says Don. He points two finger holding a chunk of egg. ''I've been there. There's no way even with the help of the Gods could such a city could have a town of goblins become a city of goblins with the speed of these canyon winds.'' His neck beard shakes as it hangs to chest. His face become sturn. A chunk of egg falls from the pointing jerks with the words. ,,Not a being. Not a being believed there was a goblin town until I showed them.''

,,I know, Don,'' says Grete. ''Dante was the one who took you to the town.''

,,You're right he did.'' Don nods. ''Han't been for Dante, we'd be dead.''

,,If it weren't for you," says Grete. She nods at Minst. ''Don, this is Minst.'' Grete glance as Minst and looks at Don. ''Minst was telling me of how he admired by you light show last night.''

Don looks at Minst. ,,Admire! Stupidity. Lazy. It-''

Grete stares at Don.

''It was a sight.''

,,Disenchantment,'' says Minst. ''Area of effect was massive.''

Don looks at Minst then Grete.

Grete nods.

Don says, ,,It was a powerful spell.''

,,Why did you caste it?'' says William.

Myst peers at William until Grete cleaers throat. ,,Goblins.''

Don eats egg.

,,How many?'' says William. He stares at Don.

,,Twenty counted,'' says Grete. She looks at William's messed hair. Pale skin and strong jaw. ''Did you see anything beside Don's big flash?''

They stare.

William says, ,,Only the night.''

Minst looks at Grete. ,,Kirra saw a group of ten beings, probably dwarves, leave the mountain before the light was caste and all the ruckus was heard.'' says Minst. He speaks fast at Don. ''It that your familiar flying this morning?"

Grete puts hands on hips by hilts of sword and dagger.

Don softly nods and peers from Minst to Spear and William. ,,Flight.''

,,Flight,'' says Minst. ''How is it to fly?''

Spear looks at William then Grete.

Wiliam shrugs and waits for Grete's Don to speak.

Don says, ,,Wonderful.'' He smiles with crumbs and biscuit and bits of egg to fall from neck beard. Don points greasy fingers at Minst. ''You have a familier.''

Flight cries from the rim of the canyon high above the relief carving of the rat.

Don smiles. ,,Flights says good morning.''

A cry heard by Jan and a call she replies with a cry as loud and fluid. A cry the is return again to Jan of the shodows that lurk around the river bend.

Jan runs through the river without a splash. She dives and the water and flips ba chest, waist, lets and feet to swim through water with robe flowing around and staff held firm in hand.

A mass of life spreads through the water and plants and fish. The life feels the fish and feels change of Jan and change of calm and order bound by chaos around the river bend.

Jan swims.

Her bird cry fades from the echo of the canyon.

Kirra smiles hearing Jan's fine call of helloe to her and to the life.

Kirra crouches by brush and watch a family of boars head grass in a small clearing near the sheer rock wall of the canyon. The wind blows on her face and now spray chills small spots. The tree branch bends under her wait but doesn't break.

She pulls back bow and looks long shaft of arrow.

The family of six boars eat grass. The mother and father and three offspring heat and snort. Their snort tak a sense of calm. The eagle's cry causes the father to lift its head up and look. Its nose begins to sniff. Its ears perk.

Kirra lets arrow fly.

Arrow pierces the head of the oldest offspring.

The boar run into the brush leaving laying dead boar by brush.

Kirra leaps from tree branch and runs after the boar letting a bird scream of a bald eagle cry of flight.

The cry follows the echo a hello to Jan and the bird above.

,,A friend of Flight's,'' mumbles Don as he stares above.

Minst smile fades. His eyebrows rise. ,,No.'' He looks down then back. ''I tired to see, but nothing has called. Nothing familier.''

,,What of this city of goblins?'' says William.

Don looks from William to Grete.

Grete nods and lets hands fall to sides. She says, ,,We are more concerned about our present troubles short black clothe being sabatoging our camp and giving fright to our families.'' Grete's relaxed face is firm. "Dwarves." Her jaw flexed. She looks from Minst to William and Spear
and Myst. "Dwarves. How do you know?''

,,Well,'' says Minst.

The wind blows. The fire smolders and ash flows away. Don puts more food in his mouth and chews.

He shrugs and looks at Grete. ,,It is how Kirra reported. And the bodies were stocky like those of dwarves I have seen.''

Grete's stern face is still. She then nods. ,,I need to speak freely with Dante. He will want to know this information. I best relay it now.'' She nods at Don. ''Always a pleasure.'' Her glance lingers.

Don nods and says, ,,Yes, yes,'' with a mouth full of egg. ''Stuff my mouth more.''

Grete smiles at Don then lets the smile fade as she looks at the group. ,,Where did these dwarves come from?''

Minst points to the relief of the rat. ,,Below the relief of that rat.''

Spear and William look at Minst.

,,How many?'' says Grete.

Minst looks at William then Spear. His relaxed face become tense as he stares at each then Grete. He hesitates talking then says, ,,Ten.''

Grete huffs. ,,Anything else?''

Minst nods his head and shrugs and forces out, ,,No, I-''

Grete winks at Minst, ,,Thank you for helping our community. Your informaiton must now be told to Dante. I will speak with him now as he will want to know this. Please meet us here for dinner tonight. We will talk. And we can talk about goblin towns.'' She finishes her talk with a look at Don. The she steps from the smoldering fire and between the tents and pavillions.

A few kids through the distance scream and shout then laugh.

Don swallows and cleans teeth with tongue and sucks to snap. ,,Well, I have duties.'' He holds out hand to Minst. '' We will talk later son.'' He nods and walks away with the three other old men. ''I WILL. I WILL,'' he says leaving the group by the fire pit and smoke.

The wind is the only sound between the chews.

,,We may want to watch our words before we speak,'' says William. He chews egg.

,,These are good people, William,'' says Myst. ''There are families that need protection.'' She holds her plate low and peers at William. ''There are kids.''

William chews and swallows. He looks around.

Small groups of men and women surrounded by children sitting on the ground and eating with fingers.

William lowers his voice as he lean close to Minst, Myst and Spear. ,,I am not wanting to hold back any information they may need to help. I am worried about the discovery of where we've been.'' He leans closer and lower his voice, but raises a stick hit of the words. ''A parents mind when a child is harmed is not a sane mind. I wish not to have any of these people suspect us of being agents of the goblins. Or the dwarves they blame the raid upon.''

Minst nods. Myst stares then looks at William then her food and eats.

The eat and stand and stare an the smoldering firepit.

The window blow the ash. The ash flies and twirls and land.

The sun rises and shines into the canyon casting a shine upon the camp. It castes light upon the tree tops melting the snow cover tips. It melts away the snow over the rocks and mud. It shines of the river flowing slow. It is seen deep below the river as Jan swims.

Jan feels the ray of sun shine through the water. She feels the fish swim from excitement.

She swims the bend of river without surfacing following the ebbs and flow until she feel a will in her body want her to swim and walk from the water.

A calm feeling spreads over her body then calms her mind. It pulls the energy ofe Jan and returns it with energy from everything.

Jan bursts from the water and crawls to the shore.

A being as tall as Jan stands on the shore. The dwarf's naked body is hidden by hair. Hair woven and tied with leaves, pine needles, twigs, web, twine, vine, brush, moss, algae, pebbles. The hair frames the face with tan cheeks that still flush. The hair parts around shoulers and between arm and chest and over stomach and between legs.

The dwarf shakes its hair adn the hair falls iin thicks stands around body. The hair bounces with step.

Rocks and twigs fall. ,,Jan,'' says the dwarf. The voice deep like a male dwarf, but soft and soothing like a womans voice speaking to it baby. 

Jan feels calm and blanced. She feels to drop of river water from body to ground. She splashes to the groud and the thick forest of pine and oaks spanning to a wall. 

The water flow from and drips from Jan's robe until dry by time she steps before the hair covered being.

Jan lowers staff and let goes. 

The staff grows thin roots around rocks and into mud.

The wind blow and the hair and robe ripple and flutter.

,,I am,'' says Jan.

,,Blue,'' says the hair covered being. 

Jan stands and stares. Her robe beings to constrict and form to body spread warmth and calm. She feels the life of trees and plants and a from a few fish that swim past flowing to Blue.

,,You are of this Canyon," says Jan. She release a to a pull heat to flow with the fish and the trees and the branches to Blue.

,,I am it. It is not me,'' says Blue. The force of the voice pushes with from a breeze to a gust with the wind.

Jan smiles. 

Red cheeks and poke from beneath hair.

Blue steps and hair sways to reveal a smile. The smile feels to warm Jan. Blue steps by Jan and to the river. Blue puts feet on river. Tips of long hair touch and dip into the water drawing shapes of clouds above.

Jan stands with back to Blue feeling no need to turn to see Blue stand and stare at the river. ,,The sight seen of scrying was you?'' says Jan.

,,Yes,'' says blue. The voice flows with the river. It feels to come from the water.

,,Are those all druids of the cove for the canyon the came from the mountains,'' says Jan.

With the wind, river and distant howl, Blue speaks, ,,They are friends of the cove but not part of the covenent?'' The wind gusts and pushes as the voice of Blue force and pushes. ''HELP FREE THE ENERGY.''

Jan grips the staff.

The staff's small roots release from ground.

,,The camp,'' says Jan. ''They are no my people nor a balance for me to tip.''

There is a silence. Even the wind feels to stop. The smell fades. The sway of the trees and the spray of snow flows to pause.

,,There is no balance of harmody,'' says a gruff deep voice slow and cracked with age. The gruff voice continues it's talk like water spash as Blue steps into the water. ''I feel your pull across the moutain through the roots and ways of the birds.''

Jan steps and sits on a rock and sits. ,,When I walk and breathe I do it for the land over the mountain and through a swamp.

Hair of Blue dips into the water and wraps around a fish as it become tangled in. Blue flips head back and flips hair with it.

The fish flies and is caught.

,,The dragon flew above many sunrises past.'' Blue looks back. ''The Black Swamp free of its bane.'' Blue takes the fish from hair and bites its head, chews. His gruff voice speaks with chews, ''You free the Black Swamp from its bane?''

,,A bane,'' says Jan. ''The goblins remain.''

,,The humans will relace the goblins,'' says Blue.

,,Or the dwarves,'' says Jan.

Blue swallows. ,,The goblins will be a bane to remain. The human will lead.''

,,The will remain in this land,'' says Jan.

,,No,'' says Blue. ''A flood will come to wash them away.''

Jan looks at the river.

Blue bits and chews and sits and pulls another fish from hair. He holds it before Jan. Jan takes the fish and bites its head.

They eat and watch the river flow.

An eagle cries and dives at grabs a fish then flies with a splash up and up and up.

The eagle calls to Don of the fish and food.

Don and Kirra hear and know the cry for hunger and relief. Don pauses in his walk to the river. Kirra smiles as she carries the boar over shoulders.

rra runs through the trees following the boar trail.  
 
The dead boar on back bounces with run. Pine and oak trees grow from sides with brush and shurbs creating the sides of the boar trail. 

Her bow hangs from pack and brushes over tops of plants.

The rock wall nears. 

The boar trail runs beyond the trees and into a brush and shurbs by a fallen tree then Kirra sees boots.

Tips of boot steps impress upon the snow and in the mud around the boars layer. Boots scatter over the grond like a dance of a group. 

The group dance tracks conform to a walk away. 

Kirra looks at the boar nest and at the book tracks and walk following the tracks through the patches of fresh now.

The boots steps lead to the rock. Kirra throws the boar to the ground and kneels checking the plugin and tunicate around the arrow holes to stop the bleed.

Kirra looks at the boot prints and see the part prints press agains the rock as if the mountain fell upon the print. Kirra grabs the boar and a walks along the wall stepping on rocks roots, leaves and pine leaving no trace in her trail away from the trail the up boulders until her height is equal to tree tops and her sight sees the rock face where the steps lose their trace.

The top of the boulder side give Kirra room to sit under the cover of rock and put pack and boar out of sight. 

Kirra puts boar down and puts pack, quiver, bow and sword on the rock. 

The eagle gone. The place on the boulders expose Kirra to the ledges and holes high above on the mountain side. Above and behind the moutnian claims with slopes and sheer walls along cracks and chips.

Kirra clears an area in a cover of boalders and begins to carve the boar and cutting the flesh in slabs steeling glances from knife cuts to spy upon the book tracks bellow as the sun ligh illuminates the canyon.

As the snow begins to melt, as the wind calms, was the Kirra sit and carves the boar, Kirra thinks of the trail she left to her hold. Kirra things of Jan then lets thoughts flow to William, Minst, Myst and Spear as she pulls the guts from boar and rolls them int its peeled skin.

Spear walks with William, Myst and Minst from the tent town over the rock and silt banks of the river.

Sun rays shine through blue sky. Spots of snow reflect bright light.

Spear walks with William, Minst and Myst. They walk in a row. They walk. Snow crunches beneth shoes and boots. Slit scrapes rocks.

They stand by the river and stare.

Dante is cross the river. He stands at the center of a huddle of soldiers. He talks slow and walks around the circle then stands to the side with the men leaving the center empty.

They stand and listen.

Dante speaks and his voice raises to a calm song that sings arcoss the river. His voice sings beyond words. His talk doesn't echo.

The song from distance stance.

The soldiers on point loosen stance and listen to the sonic dance. Men and women with nets stand from a cruch. The kids splashing water and scarring fish into the nets begin to slow slash to the sound of Dante.

Everyone stands and listens and begin to be aware of everyone else.

Dante hollers sounds of lyrics, ,,WE WILL FIGHT!''

The soldiers of the camp and the men and women holding nets and kilds playing in water shout, ,,WE WILL FORGIVE!''

The soldiers around Danta form a diamond with index finger pressing tips and thumbs pressing tips before their face.

The people crouch and ready for fish. The kids kick water and scare fish.

Spear, William, Minst and Myst stand by the river.

,,Impressive,'' says Spear.

William says, ,,It was impressive. Very impressive.''

,,Is that what we heard last night?'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Myst. The pause and listen and stand then Myst says, ,,That is the difference between a cavlier and a paladin.''

William grips his gauntlet cover fists.

They stare and watch Dante nod and smile and  slap hand on backs for soldiers. The laugh together and part.

The soldier's eyes focus forward as the walk through the river and past.

Myst says. She grabs her drum and begins to tap. She says stepping into the river tapping drum top, ,,A deity you need William to be a Paladin.'' She looks back to William and winks. ,,A Paladin of Reighn?'' She smiles and follows her beat across the river.

William lets guantlet covered hand relax and says, ,,It is hard for me to hate, Dante.''

Spear stretches and yawns. His muscles pulse. ,,SLEEP,'' says Spear. He pull pack from back and lets it fall to ground. He kneels and

He kneels and unrolls bed roll and throws it over silt and rocks. He puts bastard sword by side and lays on back gripping hammer.

Drums beats caste an echo.

Jan hears the drum echo as she sits by the river.

Kirra hears the drum as she heats meat on candle skin burning the deep lasting flesh of dwarven lamb.

William hears the drum then all hear Dante's trumpet.

Spear rolls on his side turning his back to the the river. 

William inhales slow and exhales a long deep breath. His shoulders slump. His sword hand hangs low. ,,Tired.

Spear says, ,,If you need to sit and sleep.''

William's back falls to the rock and rolls to the bedroll. He bends over at waste and seems to stick. Then he bends hsi needs and sits by bed roll.  He unties bedroll and throws it folded behind Spear's back. 

Minst watches William.

Myst steps without shiver from the river. The drum beats grow. The song in her mind seeps and spreads through the senses. A voice from deep sings on high from the back to the fore of her thought,  her flows and bounces. Her lids flutter near closed. 

Darkness surrounds and consumes and slows the beat. 

The beat taps. 

THEN THE HORN BLASTS! WILLIAM AND SPEAR AND MINST AND EVERYONE PERKS then follows the long blow to a soothing trail to short soft bursts of horn bliss with Mysts drums.

William peers across the river and follows Myst's drum tap and wakl to Dante as William sits on be roll and puts bed roll over Spear's back. William leans back and closes eyes. 

The druming slows.

Myst drums the drums and hand hit slows the tap. Her feeling in legs fades and contracts. She sits

Dante let horn blow then kneels with silence next to Myst.

Myst slumps and sleeps before him. 

Minst sees Myst kneel and slump and stands and splashes across the river.

William and Spear sleep hearing the trumpet and drum lull notes to play mind to sleep.

Cold water splashes, splashes, splashes around Minst as he splashes across the river.

,,Myst,'' says Minst. He kneels. 

Myst begins to fall and Dante catches her. 

Dante raises hand with horm and wave. 

Two soldier close run.

''Myst,'' says Minst.

Myst's eyes remain close, and breath is slow. The drum slips from her hands.

Two soldier stand to and stand straight.

Dante says, ,,Please help me, Minst.'' 

Minst looks at Dante. ,,Could you hold her shoulders and I will take the legs?''

,,Yes,'' says Minst.

,,We will take her to a tent. I know one.'' Dante and Minst grab Myst.

Minst and Dante stare. ,,Now,'' says Dante. They lift Myst. The two soldiers follow.

Dante leads Myst, Minst and the two solders into the tents. AS the sun begins its decent, Dante says, ,,Minst, can you remain to watch over her as she sleeps. I have things to prepare for?''

,,Yes,'' says MInst as the sun decends.

As the sun begin it decent, Jan feels the shifting of a force from Blue.

They sit in silence. 

Jan feels her heart beat and breath again. She says, ,,Will you kill?''

Blue puts down fish and stares at the sun. ,,Yes.''

Then both stare at the sun.

Kirra glances at the sun seeing the shadow caste by dagger resting on rock top. She looks to the cave entrance then at the boar cooking on hand lamb then on the arrow feathers and the twine.

The gusts and blows a soft cool blow. Tree limbs sway. Snow mists blows and spread on Kirra's face.

A pair of racoons stand on rocks near and stand on hind leg and look at Kirra. One lowers and walk around the rocks to a boulder near Kirra. It reaches out for the shining arrow head and tries to grab the arrow head.

Kirra smiles and ties off the feathers on the arrow and puts the arrow in the quiver.

A cloud floats over the sun casting a wide shadow. 

Kirra leans back, chews on baor flesh and looks at the cavern below. She stares and stares and stares watching, watching, watching.

The large clouds passes. Sun rays shines on Kirra's face as her eyes close and the sounds of branch and leaves swaying soft with gusts. 

Blood illuminates red to Kirra. Her eyelids relax and breathing calms.

Sun shines on Myst as she is lifted and lost in a song in her mind. She hangs between Minst and Dante with two soldiers leading clearing people from their path as they turn around ten corners and bends.

They walk into a tall and wide tent made of leather. A wooden desk and chair with quill and paper is to one side. A table with maps and markers is on the other side. Two cots side by side are on another. All rest  on carpet overlayed the ground. The tent's flaps close as they step in closing out the light and the two soldiers.

,,This is a strategy room,'' says Dante. He puts Myst feet and legs on a cot.

Then Myst puts Myst's sshoulder and head on the cot.

Dante looks at Myst. ''Lost in the song.'' He looks up at Minst. ''I am need through out the camp until we dine. I  hope to not be a bother if you could remain to watch over your friend.''

,,No,'' says Minst. He pats his stomach and yawns. ''Tired. Have spells to read.'' He yawns again.

Dante steps by Minst and grabs his shoulder. ,,You are a good friend.'' He then leaves from the tent.

Minst stands tall in the center of the tent He looks at the desk and quill. He sits and pulls out and open his spell book and reads. 

A flash and flicker and circle within circle within cirlce with in cirlces like a tornado appears and turns. Relief images of fire etch from the tent walls as he looks up from the script of the pages. 

The reliefs form and fade then burn into his mind as MInst's head fall to the book to sleep releasing the shapes to dreams.

Minst, Myst, William and Spear sleep. 

Kirra rests letting sight rest and body to feel the changes. She feels the racoons running around  trying to pick at an arrow head Kirra left on the ground.

Jan's body feels to expand to staff and clock. Her body slumps and lays on the rocks. She spreads through the shrubs and trees and to the fishes. 

It feels the mass of Blue cover beyond the top and moutain tops and beyond the canyon into the valle and into the water way the river rages.

Blue is everywhere. Blue feels to Jan to be a balance arua covering all. As the arua nears the encampment of humans rage seeps from the air, the river, the trees and the rocks.

Blue's anger warms the snow to melt.

Jan spreads with Blue's mass and feels her way around the canyon and to Kirra. She pulls from her body a voice that whispers to wind and into Kirra's dreams as she feels and sees and smells and tastes Jan's day.

Kirra feels the rage. I burns with Jan and Blue. Then she know the dwarves of the night before feel with the forest. She knows the dwarves want the humans to leave to protect their land. She knows Blue intends to attack at night and kill all those who will not leave.

The sun wanes to night. Sun rays contract pulling away from the forest floor and bottome trees. It leaves the shrubs and patches of snow. It leaves the tops and treess. It leaves shodows and the rays dip below the mountain.

A twig snap awakens Kirra still feeling the forest with Jan. Like being dropped into her body, she wakes.

Her eyes spy on ten figures clad in black gather below. They walk single file from cave the spread through the trees walking slow. One stops and sniffs the air and looks to the top of thr rocks.

Kirra doesn't move and stares at the black clad being as tall as Jan.

The dark clothed being stand the walks after the pack spread around trees and brush walking silent into the dusk.

The dark beneath the tree tops and branch is near night.

Kirra looks at the boar and kicks it saying, ,,Fate.'' She puts dried pork in mouth and chews. She opens canned heat and blows through vent and then slides its burning surface in a metal case. She gathers and packs the canned heat, arrow kit, twine. She throws quiver over shoulder and slides sword slow from rock making no noise.

She puts swork in sheath then grabs bow. She lifts the boar by twin and wants to base. She grabs twine around baor and leaps down rocks. She runs by moutain wall, away from the pack of dark being, deeper into the canyon.

The cold is still. It is everywhere and seeps into hands and feet and face, but not beyond the white garment.

She tosses the boar over a branch. The twine goes taut an the baor swings high above on a tree branch. She ties the twine to tree and runs through the tree.

A twig brakes and a patch of pine needles sway.

Kirra runs through the forest after the dark dressed being. She runs to the river. She runs toward Jan.

Jan sits near shore of slow river flowing with the ripples of water. Blue sits. Hair covers body. Body is in water.

Dancing lights across river flow fades.

The sun flowers. The heat fades to the cold.

Blue stands.

Sounds flow with the wind and water dropping upon Jan. ,,We gather. The flood is coming. Walk with us and be and kill.''

Jan sits near water shore by Blue. ,,Do you need to kill?''

Blues voice breezes past flowing into Jan's ear. ,,Yes.''

,,Will you eat them?'' says Jan.

,,Yes,'' says blue in voice of body. Blue's tone calm and nearly as soothing as when spoken with the sound of the river or the wind. "And we will wear their flesh on our feet."

Jan sits. ,,Why kill?''

,,How may goblins would you clean to clear your swamp?'' Blues voice puffs and guffs as the wind.

Jan sits and watches the water flow. ,,Only those who wish to change the nature for their own needs and not the needs the swamp life.''

The river flows. The sun sinks blow the moutain peak. Bright light outlings the canyons top.

Jan feels the cool and the river flow around bends of rock and trees, shurbs and dirt through the camp of the Diamonds and by William and Spear.

Wind blows and water rushes from Jan to Spear and William.

The wind blows a feeling of doom through Spear and William.

They wake.

Dusk castes through canyon. Soldier sihlouettes walk long space and around tents. Campfire light illuminates top of tents and pavillions. Tents shine with light inside. People shadows can be seen sitting or laying down.

Spear push up and push William forward.

Willia wakes and grabs hammer with guantlet covered fist.

Spear's body pulls from the rock. He stands and helps Wiliam stand.

Cold breeze blows a sense of fear and protection.

Spear smells the smell of Jan. His heart beats and pounds then cools and calms with the wind. ,,I smell Jan and feel a doom.''

Willaim stretch. ,,Is that what I feel. The doom?''

Spear nods. He picks up pack and waits for William to adust a breast plate.

William fidges and fasten the clasp and shakes and stretches. He pulls should ers back and hold sword with guantlet covered hand and hammar with closed fist. ,,We should warm Myst and Minst and leave.''

Spear nods. ,,If only we knew where they be.''

They stare across the river and behind. The look across the open field. ,,Where Dante may be?'' says William.

Spear nods and they walk.

A group of soldiers standing, watching over the tops of water behind a while of wood and dirt and rock. The stand with shield and sword peering at the water and along the shore. 

Soldiers stretch an net cross the river at the edges of the camp. The net has wide gaps and pulls taut when tied to stumps dug into the shores. The net's top is even with water surface.

Spear feels along the spin the creation of chaos.

The feeling of chaos creeps into Myst's mind in the jumbling song of Reighn singing through the mind.

Myst leaps from bed and throws aside furs spred over body and sees darkness and hears sniffling and distant soldiers barking commands.

Torches pass and press shadows on cloth wall.

The song in Myst's head fades to silence.

Shuffling and snorting and Minst grumbling is heard before the sound of a snap and the flicker of candle light.

Minst's components and spelle book lay on desk near a small wet spot of dribble.

Minst wipes his mouth and presses eyelids together while letting out a yawn.

Deep dread and fear fade like wave from Myst.

,,Did you feel?'' Myst pauses and presses hands around the star around her neck. She looks around for her drum finding it near the cot. She kneels. ,,How did I become to be in here sleeping?''

Minst shuts mouth. ,,You slumped to ground as you neared Dante as both played the music that filled the canyon?''

Myst sits, says, ,,I felt a wave, a rush, a burst of song then nothing. It was like a rush of water held back by the sound until the...I don't know. I woke here feeling dread." Myst grabs her drum then picks up her cloack and mace and bag almost all at once. ''We must find Dante. And Spear and William.'' She fumble her pack while strapping on mace and cloak.

,,Dante departed with an invite to dinner." He yawns. "I assumed he would have sent one to wake us from our slumber." Minst picks up component bag and spell book. He pushes and pulls and dagger feeling it fastened to scarbbard and belt.

Then he blows out candle followin Myst out.

Soldiers in lined pairs with marching step past the tent flaps. Their short sword and wooden shield are held high. Every other soldier holds a torch instead of a wooden shield.

Deep, short commands haller from everywhere. One soldier walk past the tent flaps and says loud and clear, ,,Lights out and prepare. Lights out and prepare.''

Another group of soldiers past holding torches and swords.

The flames flicker and fand with a breeze becoming a wind. The smoke swirlds and spreads. The smoke spreads.

Kirra running through the forest in the thick of dark clothed beings smells the torch and campfire some.

The dark dressed being run quiet through the trees and and brush. They run fast and fluid under and by branches and twigs leaving no more sway beyond the wind blowing soft and steady. They leave no tracks.

Kirra begins to feel Jan and then she feels death. She run and feels the wind and the cold. She feels Jan and allows the body to guide the run from her feeling.

Jan stands on the shore of the river a long run from Kirra.

A wave of water the height of Jan's ankles rolls alone the bends of the river then spreads.

With the swoosh of the wave adn the strong wind blowing from the river canyon, Blue speaks to Jan. ,,I feel friends knowing of the killing.''

Blue stands and walks near Jan. A lock of hair lifts from Blue's head holding a rock. ,,Would you kill to free the swamp?''

,,If the swamp is being killed one then one will be killed,'' says Jan following another wave, as taller as her knee, along the river. ''Balance of nature will never exist in a world of people.''

The wave fades to ripples only to be followed by another wave and another.

Blues lowers rock and walks from the water to the shore.

Groups of people dressed in dark cloaks, coats and pant step from shadows to the dim dawn left illuminating along the shore. Hoods and hats are pulled over head. They step from the tree line and pull them selves from the water and walk along the shore stopping here and there to stand.

Another wave rolls along the river. The wave bends and spreads and flows to ripples. The ripples flow and lap in waves against the shore of the river bank between the camp.

Another wave rolls past Jan, and Jan dives into the water and swims with with wave.

Spear stends by the river and feels the water move. 

William peers across the river and sees a group of soldiers with torches march from the river shore across the river.

The soldiers march with torch past Minst and Kirra steping from the grouping of shakes, tents and pavillions. 

,,Myst,'' says William pointing across the river.

Spear lifts head from swishing river and across the space of soldiers and shore rock to Myst and Minst walking along the tent line. ,,MYYYYYYYYYYYST!'' hollers Spear.

Spear's holler echo and fades. 

William and Spear splash across the river. 

Soldiers stop and point a few bark commands, ,,Halt!'' They break from a march line or step from behind wooden and stone barriers and advance toward Spear and William.

Myst and Minst hear Spear's call and run over the rock and to the shore.

A few soldiers point as they pass. 

The camps and stations along the shore become spots of noise and movement as swords and shield are lifted and readied for Spear and William and they splash from the river to the shore.

Crossbows are aimed at William and Spear.

Behind the Myst and Minst and along the line of the tents, shacks and pavillions, steps a torch barring squad of soldiers. 

A soft trumpet horn's blow spread from the squad in long and waving fluid burst that rub the muscles and slows the rush of blood.

Kirra hears the horn and feels nothing, but rage seep from the sonus that spreads through the wind and trees brush and thrashing with the wind. She feels rage spread from the trees and shrugs  and the beign running about. 

A dark clad being runs with Kirra. Its from manifests from darkness and runs quick and brisk with Kirra. ,,Where stand?'' says the being with not break fro breath in thick dwarvish accented voice.

,,Against the horn,'' says Kirra.

They run toward the river and the camp following the fading horn and Myst, Minst, Spear and William and Jan.

The one near Kirra lifts arms and open hands with thick short fingers. Small tufts of hair stick from fingers seen through the dim of dusk.

Darkness spreads along the base of a pine tree.

Dark clad being looks behind and stares through darkness. Eyes appear to glimmer.

Kirra sees its beard covered face through the darkness.

Dark clad being waves from Kirra toward tree base. Dark clad being walks to trunk and disappears.

Kirra feels force will her forward. She runs for the tree trunk.

Then darkness is wrapped in black.

A black darker than the dusk flows around Jan.

Jan swims past fishes through the river feeling the rush of the wave flowing and bending and spreading. She stokes and pulls and swims. She feels the silt floor become cluttered with round rock.

A net is spread over the river holding back a large trout.

Jan's staff is swing in wide arch pushing open ropes. Roots on the end of the staff

Jan slams against the rope nets.

Roots at the end of the staff grab rope tread and pulls and snap.

Jan swims thought hole with trout and staff.

She swims to shore and slips and steps on rocks.

Soldiers holding wooden shiels and metal shortswords watch William and Spear run to Minst and Myst and a group of soldiers near the edge ofthe tents and shakes. Archers aim arrows at Spear and William.

Jan steps with shadows and silents and walks with the trees.

Wind blows and the river water sloshes up the bank. The rope holding the nap goes loose and is pulled by the river.

Water wave spreads and fades over the river.

The trees and shurbs part and move to give path to Jan and take sound and sight from those near.

,,MYSTS,'' William hollers and everyone including Jan hears.

,,What!'' snaps Myst.

,,We are in dance,'' says Spear.

,,Danger!?'' says Minst

William slows run with Spear and boths stand before Minst and Myst.

Water wave roll through the river parting camp and splashes to shore. The nets ate both ends of the river through camp pull. The one up river snaps sending splashing fish through. 

,,THE RIVER,'' hollers on soldier as Minst repeats. ,,Danger.''

,,We need to go,'' says William.

Dante steps at lead of back of soldiers. Grete looks at Spear and William and stands behind Minst.

,,What danger?" says Myst.

,,I felt Jan casting fear of the area in my dreams,'' says Spear.

A soldier shouts, ,,BREECH,'' from behind as he and three others run from shore.

Dante runs past carrying his full plate armro and body over the span of rock and silt.

Grete follows even with is stride. She scans the trees. ,,Dante!''

Jan watches Dante run. Then watches dark shadows appear in the trees on limbs above the archers sitting and waiting and watching. 

Kirra appears on a limb.

An archer stands before her. The archer watches over the open shores of rock and slit. The archer hold bow and arrow back and ready to for release move the arrow tip to point of the land.  

Kirra slides knife from sheath and watches the archer below and the open banks of the river. She sees Dante and Grete stop run and stand.

,,Dante,'' says Grete.

She points to river the back to the tents.

The river laps and swish to shore. Taller and taller waves flow through its length.

''A trap,'' says Grete.

,,No,'' says Dante. He cups hand around mouth. ''FALL BACK FROM THE BANK.''

The step back.

William says, ,,We should leave. NOW!''

,,No,'' says Myst. She sneers then peers and poinst fiinger. ''We are guests.''

,,They may need out help,'' say Minst pushing hands into pockets on belt. One fumbles from hands and drops to ground, and he follows to find.

Spear lifts hammer and looks at William. ,,I stand with you, William.''

William nods watching the water roll and wave and splash. ,,We protect the children.''

Myst and Minst walk toward Dante and Grete, who stand and wait for soldiers to retreat from river.

Kirra and Jan watch from the tress as more dark shapes appear here and there hidden and still.

Kirra watches the archer blow follow Spear and William with arrow tip and peer at the water.

Gathering in the tops of trees are the dark clad beings. Their fluid movements sway with the wind as they pull swords and knife, arrows and bows from folds of dark cloth. They stand above and below and beside the standing archers.

Jan steps and runs from tree line.

A bright light illuminates the entire camp casting the dark

The archer below Kirra aims at Jan and pulls back arrow.

Kirra leaps from tree limb and lands on archer as arrow flies.

Jan runs. Soldiers shout and point.

Spear hollers, ,,STAND DOWN. WE KNOW HER.''

Arrows fly from woods.

The water of river lowers and become a shallow trickle. 

Myst and Minst step and stand by Dante and Grete.

Soldiers run past. 

The illumination spread through the trees revealing hundreds of beings standing in trees and in shrubs. It reveals a wall of water reaching above the trees.

As the arrows fly and stab Jan's cloak, she walks to a stand. ,,STAND DOWN!'' Jan hollers as she falls.


