,,Grun." Hern nods.

Grun stands at the door. His arms arm arm spead wide like a Y. His tan face flush with blood. "I do smell the fresh sent of trash!" He lowers arms and walks in. His smile follows a swaggering sway.

Fumes of alcohol flow from Grun. His beard is moist with sweat. His eyes are blood shoot. His armor poslished if not hanging lose on the shouler and chest. 

He staggers to Hern sitting at the circular stone table.

Everyone watch with silence as Grun walks to Hern and slaps him on the back.

,,HERN!" says Grun. "You need a drink!" He slumps and sway forward and grabs on the back of the chair to balance.

Two dwarves quietly step into room and stand at either side of the door. The hold their hammers to side and stare staight ahead. 

Hern looks at Grun and scowls. ,,You have a funny way of celebrating."

,,YES," Grun looks around the room. "Well." He walks to the table and  picks a leg of goat. He bites and talks with a mouth full. "Why don't we get this food for patrol?" He walks around the table.

Kirra looks up and nods.

Grun walks to Minst and slaps Minst on the hip pushing Minst to step back. ,,Got any questions for me question boy!" Grun smiles and winks. He wipes face. He pokes at Minst's elven chainmail. He rubs the chainmail between his fingers. He nods. "Damn elves can do one thing right besides make a bow." 

Fumes of alcohol flow from Grun over Minst.

Minst looks down at Grun and nods and smiles. ,,Have you been drinking?"

,,A QUESTION!" Grun slaps Misnst side and walks past, "Yes!" He walk by Jan then stands by William. "If we go now you will be drinking."

William attaches shin plate. ,,I am sorry, but we do not have the time."

,,TIME." Grun stumbles back then walks from William and throws his arms up. "TIME!" Grun walks to the balcony and to Spear. "Where's there to go?"

,,Out," says William.

,,OUT!" Grun walks to William and kicks his shin plate. "You don't have any mail." He looks up and spray spit. "You can't go anywhere with out mail under your plates." 

,,Grun," says Hern. 

Myst turns and looks at Hern. ,,Are you here to escort us from the moutain?" She steps from the balcony. 

Grun looks from Hern to William to Myst. Grun shrugs. ,,Are you always this serious?" His frazzel beard and hair sways. He burps and haves a hand to the door.  ,,Well, then. We will be off."

Spear splashes from the water. ,,I will He dries self off with towel.

Spear splashes from water, vaults pot and lands on ground.

Water drips from his body. He walk to his leather pants and picks them up and points to the iron pot in the room. ,,In here."

Grun nods.

Spear throws his pants in the pot inside the room then grabs and tosses his pack in. He walks to the table and grabs ham and an apple.

Kirra feels the fibers of her found undergarment. It's smooth surface feels with skin never cold or wet or hot. He shoulders tense as she feels the walls coming closer. She looks out the window.

Darkness and rock wall. Dim spots of heat glow along the cavern walls and sides. Lines and shapes of warm wooden and rope object seen hanging from wall.

Kirra puts quiver, blow, pack over shoulder and walks to the door. ,,I am ready."

,,Yes, you are." says Grun. He walks to the rectangle table and grabs a pitcher of warm dark ale. He raises the pitcher and sniffs. He looks to Hern and smiles. ''Reserve your special brew for guests."

Hern nods. 

Grun drinks the dark ale and walks with pitcher to pot with Spear's pack. ,,Cloths should be clean now." He burps. He points to Kirra with a raised pitcher. "She's wanting to leave the deep."

Kirra stands by the door and looks through the balcony.

Myst shuffles through pack and shoves arm in feeling for water, dried fruit, clean cloth thread and needle, incense. She pulls out the incense and sets them on table. Then pulls out a scroll and a small book of songs. She looks inside pack and tosses it in the pot.

Jan stands with staff and with robe wrapped and hood drawn. Her satchel at side. She walks and stands by Kirra. She grabs Kirra's hand and stands.

Myst tosses pack in pot.

The pack splashes.

,,Careful," says Grun. He looks and peers at Myst. His smile become lines on a stone solid face. He stares.

,,Sorry," she looks at Hern then Grun. "I was."

,,I mean not to offend." Grun smiles. His tan cheeks flush dark. Beads of sweat on forehead connect and form a stream. But a small amount of slime spreads a long way. He reaches to the ground and touches fingers tips to a small puddle of water. He rubs them together. "It's a pesky little growth."

Spear walks from table and pills pack and pants from the pot and tosses them on the ground with a splash. He walk back to the table looking at Grun and winking at Spear.

,,How long will the chemical dry?" says Minst.

,,Question boy has a question," smiles Grun. "Well, quicker than the sun or flame." He drinks a swig of beer. He burps. 

Myst walks to the pot not looking at Grun. She grabs her pack and puts it on back driping. ,,I am ready."

William grabs the incense and scroll and the book of Mysts. ,,I will hold these."

Myst looks at William and nods.

William puts them in pack, tightes and hip plats and pulls and shakes on his scabbard. He pulls his sword out and hold it before. He looks at the blade and then slides the blade in the sheath. ,,I am ready."

Shake walks to the rectangle stone table and opens the back with the knife shoving in apples and dried beef. He puts rags in pack and walks to the door.

Two dwarf size beings covered in white cotten sheets covering head to foot and hand to back. The sheet like a loose body suit. The hands and feet are covered. The face caps head like a coif. I transparet sheet covers face. Two more enter. 

Then the stand from door like a short hall. 

,,Hern, who are." William stands and looks from Hern to the four dwaves.

The two dwarves wearing full plate and a helm standing with back against wall look at Grun. ,,Gerhin," says one of the dwarves.

Grun nods. ,,They're here to check you for slime."

The two armored dwarves step and stand before the door.

The two sheet covered dwarves walk from wall by Wiliam, Jan, Kirra, Myst crabs rags on the plater near the balcony, dips the rags into the pot by the door then walk by the rectangle table and round table to the opposite walk of the room.

,,Hern," William steps back from the dwarves dressed in white toward the door. "What is this?"

The two dwarves with wet rags kneel near the location Spear was laying. They begin to scrub the floors.

Shake walks to the balcony by the armored dwarves and the white sheet covered dwarves. He walks to the balcony rail behind a large pot and sets his pack on the rail.

Hern growns and stands. His red robe falls to floor. ,,Is this really required?" says Hern. 

The two dwarves dressed in white grab minst bag and Minst. One opene the bag and puts white hand inside. The other begins rubbing hands over Minst's legs and waist and knife.

Shake puts hand behind back and puts hand in pack grabbing a the jeweled knife. Then lets the pack fall to the ground with knife behind back.

,,Is this nessecary?" says William.

Minst raises his arms and shrugs. ,,I don't mind."

,,I do," says William. He peers at Hern. 

Hern sighs and shakes his head back and forth. ,,Grun, all have bathed. All have waited." He nods to Spear. "Spear was the last."

Grun drinks from the pitcher of dark ale. He smacks lips. 

The two dwarves dressed in white look toward Grun, nod and walk toward Shake. 

Shake slides blade up sleeve of ragged tunic and holds the blade.

William steps before the two dwarves walking toward Shake. ,,I demand we leave away we don't need to succumb to this rude." William looks at Hern the Grun. "At this rude act."

Grun shrugs. ,,I apologize." He sways and swallow. "I don't want to be spreading slime all over." He point beer mug at self. He burps and blows. "I don't want to be know as Slimey." He looks at

The two dwarves dressed in white kneel before William and rub white gloved hands over his foot, ankle and knee armor.

William steps back and grabs the hilt of his dagger. 

Spear walks from the table and stands by Grun and behind the two white clothed dwarves.

Kirra grabs sword hilt and steps away from the two armored dwarves by the door and the other two white cloth covered dwarves by stepping toward the balcony. 

,,This is idiotic," says Myst. She sneers at Grun and to Hern. Her sneer softens. She throws her pack to the feet of Grun. Then she pulls off her cloak.

Grun smiles and drinks from the pitcher. He looks at Spear then William. ,,She one of yours." 

Kirra looks at Shake.

Shake rises arm and sleeve with jeweled knife and rests it on the railing. Then he hangs his arm over the rail.

Kirra sees the outline of the dagger in Shakes sleeve.

Jan sits on the ground.

Myst tosss her cloak at Grun's feet.                       

The two white clothed dwarves by William look at Grun.

Grun looks at them and shrugs. 

Myst unfastens belt and tosses it and mace at Grun's feet. ,,Don't stand there!"

,,Grun," says Hern. He walks over to Grun a picks up Myst's robe and belt and gives them to Myst. He sighs and pivots head side to side. He scratches his beard. "They are clean. I will be responsible for any slime infestation." 

Myst grabs her robe and belt.

Grun picks Myst's pack. He makes eye contact with Myst. ,,I apologize, Myst, for any inconvince after you all," he looks at William then Spear and Kirra and Minst. "Have been understanding guests."

Myst takes her pack and walks for the door.

The two armor dwarves before the door do not move.

Grun lifts his hand and waves it. Shake lifts arm and dagger from the rail. William peers at Grun. Spear grabs his dry leather trousers and slides them over legs and waist. The two armored dwarves before door step to side.

,,Very good," says Hern. "Now you can walk with me to my
home."  

Shake slides the dagger from sleeve and into his pack.  Kirra sees the jeweled hit disappear into Shake's pack. Hern walks from the room and down the steps. 

Everyone stands looking at everyone. 

Shake grabs pack and walk by William and between the white cothed dwarves. Grun drinks from the pitcher, says, ,,Fintse Brimid."

The white clothed dwarves walk to the walk to the far side wall near the tables and the shelves.

,,ARE WE GOING," say Hern from the staircase.

Jan stands and walks to the door with Kirra. Myst grabs her now dry pack and walks out.

"AND BRING SOME OF THOSE GLASSES ON THE TRAY."

Minst walks to the glasses tray and lifts the tray and walks out.

Spear ties of belt. He flexes his hairy and muscular chest bare then looks at his tunic torn in pieces on the flat board he once lay. He shrugs, grabs his scarbard with sword and straps it to chest.

The white clothed dwarves dip rags in the large pot in the room and begin to scrub the walls and floors.

William stands and stares at Grun then the armored dwarves. A cool burn flows from guantlet and through his body as he flexes his guantlet covered fist.

Shake walks past William and slaps him on the shoulder. ,,Shall we join the herd?" 

Spear slaps William on the shoulder, ,,My friend the open skies await."

William nods and steps and leads Spear and Minst oout of the room.

Shake walks to the rectangle table and tosses apples, dried beef, and mushrooms on the cloth bundled like a sack.

,,Shake," says William.

Shake smiles and walks to the door.

Minst slides his hand between folds of Elven chainmail and touches his spell book. He shifts and raises sack upon shoulder and touches the three sewn pockets containing components for a firefall, a shield and to grow. He thinks of the magical columins and dimension seen on Hern's written scroll.

,,Minst," says William.

Minst grabs and holds his knife and sheath. He walk into the stair hall. holding the towel of glasses before him. 

Herns voice is heard. ,,Give the spectacles to those who need light to see."

Minst open up the cotton towel and grabs a pair of spectacles then holds the towel and spectacles before Spear and William.

Spear and William take spectacles, take a pair and pass the towel the Shake.

Shake grabs and towel and spectacles and hands Myst a pair.

,,Thank you," says Myst.

They look at each other through the dim of the room light caste through the hall. 

Hern clears his throat. 

William, Shake, Myst and Spear slide spectacles onto head.

The relief etching and statues glow dim with dark shakes of light. The etching of haflings, elves, dwarves, orcs and humans glow dim tan to dark skin, silver shining metal armor and swords, gray and brown hair, white eyes. The statues caste shades of skin and amor and black runes covering the edges of the armor.

The ceiling etching of blues and balls of white. The stars are alternating shades of brown around the edges of the steps and on the surface of steps in the form of twirling etches like a tornado had carved the stone.

The stairs, the ceiling, the walls create a spiral path down.

,,They they will help guide and see," says Hern. He steps down the stairs.

Shake holds the towel with three spectacles. ,,What about these?"

,,Give them to Grun," says Hern. His voice more distant.

Shake sets the spectacles on a steps and walks down the stairs follow the dims shads of relief lines and statue edges and the soft whistle of Hern.

Shake, Spear and William step around the spectacles and step down stairs. Shake looks back at Grun. ,,Looks like you have a baby sitter, too."

Grun burps and walks behind Shake. He pick up the lenses and the rag. He rolls them in the towel  and tosses into the room, whistles, burps and walks down the stairs.

The two armored dwarves follow Grun.

Grun begins to sing as the step down the stairs and into the hall carrying a soft and smooth voice flows forth.

<THE SONG IN COMMON>

The song verse is repeated.

The steps are stepped down a hall with passages entering into room with etched images of sunsets. Each room has an large iron pots in the center. Water drips from pipes hanging above the pots. Water puddles span from metal grates.           

Grun stops singing his song and goes silent.

,,Did you compose?" says Minst as they step to an intersection and follow hurn right.

Hern drinks from the pitcher, spills some to the stone floor. ,,Carlos the Barded Dwarf."

,,You sing beautifully," says Minst.

,,OF COURSE!" Grun slaps Minst on the lower back, and Minst stumbles forward. "I am of the Siren Pack. We can all sing!"

Minst rubs back and looks down at Grun. ,,I didn't know that."

,,You do now." Grun lifts the pitcher. "Have a drink and I will teach you to sing."

Minst shakes head. ,,I know not our current path, so I will refrane from hindering my mind with alcohol."
  
Grun contorts face and steps to Minst side. ,,What about you Spear? By your girth travelling to the unknown won't hold you from your beer and bread."

,,No," says Spear.

Grun drinks more from the pitcher, burps and says below the sound of the burp. ,,Children."

The step from the stone hall to a stone switch back walk way descending to darknes. Each stone slab and the edge outlined with a dim white glow.

The cavern spans before all. From the ground to the cavern ceiling The dim glow as contrast with sharp lines of shades gray to white. Buildings on the floor rise from the rock spanning wider than the canyon from one side of a straight cavern wall to the other side of the covern wall that leans and archs to the a ceiling high above.

The cavern wall to the left is a relief of and ocean, shore and mountain accending to the top. The relief a complex arrangement of people and being walksing and climbing the mount. The moutain covered with towns and trees. A water fall flows to a river rom the ocean. The moutnain rises on the wall and fades near the top and the intricute etched lines of a moutain and the beginning of a sun and clouds.

The allong the reliefe massive mural on the sheer cliff wall shows dim illuminations between the etching to the ceiling.

The ceiling a dark and dim. A few platforms and robes are seen hagning from the ceiling to the right wall descending at an angle into the distance darknes.

A pitch black wall with a red dome of illumination looms large before the group and the walk down the switchback walkway.

,,Impressive," says William. He pushes his glasses back and they fall down the bridge of nose.

Myst takes her glasses off and bends the frames then slides the tight frames behind ears..

,,It is," says Hern. Hern steps fast down the switchback steps.

Minst grabs the spectacles in hand and puts them on.

Minst sees the even roofs thousands of houses and and deep bulidings carved from the cavern floor. A grid of straight trenches carved from rock decends on a decline carving single level houses, the dual level house then short buildings then buildings then tall buildings and sky scrapers. The bulding roofs rough and even and smooth after the ore was long agon removed. He sees the the color outlines of a distant castle with pillers and towers risiing to a darkness. His gray sight of night shades to color of gray stone.

The beauty and scale and detail of the people on the mural wall.

,,How long have you been creating the mural?" says Minst.

,,Before I was born." Hern slowly steps on down the stone. He waves his hand toward the mural. "And before we came to have this our home. It began with workers of the forge passing the time between cooling periods carving in the rock. After the our vein split, we continued the work." He stops and stares at the mural and points and follows with finger an etching of distant dwaarf setting morter on brick. "See that dwarf creating the step." He looks back.

Minst looks nods head and strides with Hern down the switchback steps.

Hern says, "Those etched lines are as wide as a leg and even Spear!" He raises his hand and lowers eyes to stare at the walk walk and declines.

The group follow.

,,Does the mural have a meaning?"

,,Yes, it is no show the accent of us two legged animals rising with nature and technology to an unknown future," says Hern.

,,And magic?" says Minst.

,,Question boy needs to carry something," says Hern.

Hern looks at says, ,,Questions, questions, questions, they are good." Hern glance back and looks at Grun and walks foward, ,,Maybe you could carry Grun's pitcher, Minst?"

Myst laughs. Minst smiles.

Minst steps and stares at the seeming lay round flat wall with small house that span to home to shallow then deep buildings. He looks at the dark red hue glowing from walkways and bridge spanning over the trenches declining into ,,How do you control flooding?"

Hern wide steps and says, ,,The trenches decend onto a bowl the accend on the other side of the cavern. and the base of the bowl, if water some how entered the cavern would drain through the filter and to the pool of water."

A distant boom hits once.

,,What's that?" says Minst.

Grun says, ,,How about Question boy tell us of how he arrived here?"

,,From the shaman's tower and through the sewer of the goblins city," says Minst.

,,Why were you in a shaman's tower?" says Grun. He drinks from pitcher and steps.

,,Because we were escorted by goblins to the tower," says Minst.

Grun says. ,,Why were you escorted by goblins to the tower?"

Minst glances at William, he looks at Grun, who is looking at Minst. Minst says, ,,For some reason they believed William to be their king or lord?"

Grun laughs. He longs step by William and slaps William's lower back. ,,Goblin lord."

,,Enough of your questions and distrust." William looks back. "We mean you no harm. We did nothing wrong to you. We could have found our way out if you hadn't took us prisoner." He points at Grun and peers. "You don't get questions answered." He looks forward. He sees Myst glance back and grab her mace handle.

Grun matches Williams wide stride behind the quick stepping Hern, Myst, Kirra, Jan, Shake, Spear. Grun burps and glows breath at William. ,,How did you becoming Goblin King?

Minst looks at William. William walks and stares forward with hand on hilt. Shake grabs hilt of dagger undersleeve. Kirra begins to trail the group walk long the right edge as they wak down and down. Jan looks above the city.

She sees the warm and the soft read lines of roots growing from the ceiling very ight above. The roots look like stranes of thread from far below, but very near the rood from the GrandOak is wider than a bald cypress trunk. She follows the flow of the crowd and peers at the root branch spaning the very distant ceiling walls. She follows the planks and platforms and robe bridge attached to the ropes. She peer but can not see detail of the distant humoid dots of deeps red.

The group stride after Hern down the switch back stairs.

Hern says, ,,William, how did you become a King of Goblins?"

William loosens grip on hilt. ,,I don't know." His arm falls to the side. "It may have been because of the guantlet I know wear on my hand." He grips guantlet covered hand making a fist. "It may be some ghost or wizard wanting me to lead the goblin army." William looks to the ground. "It could be a grand parent." He pivots head and looks up. "I wasn't a king. I was a pawn."

,,If you are not careful," says Hern. "You may still be a pawn."

,,You were tricked by Carlos," says Shake. "Carlos is the wizard you saw in the tower. Carlos is the one who lead us to the canyon for the small shield. And Carlos was the one who spread those lies to get you to regain you family hornor. It was Carlos's fault. It was our fault for letting him make us his herd to corral in this mountain while he gets the small shield and leads his goblin army to control the valley and the canyond and maybe this mountain."

,,Carlos is not the goblin's shaman," says Myst.

,,He can be the reason for the dragon!" says Shake starring and stressing with taut and tense face and body. He trusts arms out. "Can't you see. Carlos aint the sheep dog guiding us around." He points up. "He's the dog trainer He's the owner of the land. It's his story." 

Myst shakes head and walks forward. 

William looks from Myst to Shake. ,,I know not anymore."

The walk down stairs and from stairs and to flat put rough rock.

Kirra says, ,,Hern. What do you believe?"

Hern slows his stride over the course flat stone. He looks at passing packs of wererats and dwarves dressed in armor and marching in order to the dark wall with the red hue and the city tunnels and buildings tops.

Hern looks back to Kirra. ,,About who is Carlos and your journey?"

Kirra nods. Hern looks sighs, ,,I don't know enough about your journey nor Carlos." He slows walk and looks behind from Jan, Kirra, Shake, Myst, Minst, Spear and William.  "If one would like to tell me the tale, quickly, then I may have a better answer." He looks foward and keeps the slow pace.

A pack of wererats run in a circle around tow rats holding a ball. A pack of dwarves armored and holding picks and hammer marches past. Someone yells, ,,GRUUUUUUN!!!"

Myst looks at William and winks, says, ,,William would be best to tell such a tale be told. He hafterall was an inspiring bard once."

Grun chuckles.

Shake snaps, ,,Sings better than your sheep's Baas." He laughs. ''Hopefully your mate doesn't require you to serinade them."

Grun tosses the beer in the pitcher on Shake.

The beer splashes on Shake.   

Shake leaps at Grun.

Grun steps back and tosses shake aside.

,,CHILDREN!" shouts Hern. "Wait until I am home until you play!" He stands.

The two dwarves with Grun step between Grun and the group. 

Hern looks at Grun. 

Grun shoulders lump and head nods. He lowers a hand to Shake.

Shake pushes himself up and stands. He picks up his pack and pumps between the two dwarves and walks past Hern.

Hern exhales a long breath. He shakes head and looks at William. ,,Maybe a good tale will keep the kids entertained until we arrive at my home?"

William nods then says, ,,Indeed." He looks at Shake. 

He and Hern step and walk.

They walk over the fat rock. The distant castle raise aove the what looks to be a flat plane along the vaste cavern floor.

,,Where to begin?" says William.

,,How about you begin with what you seek and why then when you began your journey," says Hern.

William looks at Myst.

Myst nods.

The step over flat rough rock spaning left and right and forward

Groups of huge rats runs circles around two wererats wrestling a ball from from the others grasp. 

,,I seek a small shield. A shield of my family. A shield created with this armor and enchanted with the power to shield its holder from death and time itself." William looks at Hern.

Hern walk looking at the bottom of the pitcher.

William grabs hilt. ,,I have only heard of the shield from stories my mom told me." He looks at Shake. "Then Shake, who knew of these tales,  seen Carlos perform at the Podium in Trenton."

,,Good performance," says Shake. "Got-" He looks at William.

A cloud of sage flows past. A warm gust pulls hair and loose cloths. Kirra watches a group of marching dwarves holding hammar and pick march past toward the switch back stairs.

,,And," says Hern. His short legs stride fast.

William looks at Shake and smiles, nods, ,,It was a brilliant performance. It was also the beginning of this." He looks from Myst to Spear to Jan to Minst to Kirra. "Our journey." I looks at Hern.

Hern glances from William to the path over the smooth stone. "I seen Carlos perform. I heard the song my mother sang to me through my life. I know the tales and the stories of the power of the small shield. I had thought it wasn't true." William looks at Shake. "Even after Shake found some maps of the Canoyon and the valley."

,,Found," says Myst.

,,Found." Shake smiles. "Everything is found." Jan looks at the flat grid of dark and surface.

People walk on the distant plan over rope, wood, steel, iron, bronze and rock bridges spaning between house and building roofs of the flat plane.

William continues. "After hearing Carlos we found notes and maps in trunks and scroll cases inside the attic of my parents home. We decided to go seek the small shield before the first freeze. But the maps  and the songs and some of the details were beyond our ability to understand." He looks at Myst. "Myst suggested asking the singer, who was Carlos, for help. Maybe offer him a cut."

,,Did you of Carlos?" say Hern.

,,I had read children stories by Carlos when younger. A few bards I know swore by his legend. It is because of them that Carlos was singing at the Podium," says Willaim.

Shakes says, ,,Carlos was singing there because he wanted too."

Hern nods. 

They walk across the flat rock span that seems to stretch before. Small tents and lean tos begin to for paths.

William continues, ,,After seeing Carlos perform, Myst, Spear and Shake and I decided to form a plan to get Carlos to jouney with us to the valley to find the small shield."

Grun laughs. ,,HA, why would Carlos need you?"

Shake peers at Grun.

William says, ,,I knew not of Carlos's greatness." He looks glances back at Grun. "I knew a couple of songs and stories that were his." He looks forward. "It was easy to convince him to return with me to get his winnings at darts." He looks at Minst. "Upon my return home with Carlos we found Minst, Jan and Kirra." William looks at Jan and Kirra. "Their path was travelling with ours. Having waited a day to allow for rest, we left for the valley with Carlos."

Hern nods. Kirra walk a few more steps away from the group and looks from the tents and lean-tos, groups and packs seeing heads and attention turned to focus upon them as they pass.

Jan walks with eyes closed. She listens to the tale following the sound. She smells to find the sage, wood, coal, mint oil, berry, weed smoke floating thin through air.

Minst slides hand between foldes of armor and touch his spellbook as he listens to Willima with Myst, Shake and Spear.

,,Our first night was an omen we all should have read. We were talked by undead. And fought those damned creations back to the grave where they belong. It was an omen for the first day journey into the canyon we came upon a trap set by the goblins and the illusionist. We were ambused and knocked from the trail my father had built. We were separated from Buckey."

,,Buckey," says Hern.

,,My friend."

,,His horse," says Shake.

William nods. ,,We later found Buckey in a place called Branching."

,,Branching," says Hern.

The group squeezes as they step a path between tent and leanto with people sitting before blankets with earings, necklaces, amulets, pins, braclets, charms twinkle and shine through the glasses worn and the night sight had.

Hern looks up at William. "You have had an adventure." Hern points to the red dome of light. "Above the glow is a hall for branching to dump trash." He looks foroward. "There is another under the cistern giving them water." He nods. "How did you free your friend?" 

,,Carlos," says Myst. "Carlos helped free us." 

,,He did," says William. "Then we left with the help of Branch."

,,After Carlos got twenty percent of Branching for helping rid the swamp of goblins," says Shake.

Hern smiles and nods.

Tents and leanto become pop tents and canopies proped and filled with benches of eating dwarves and wererats. The jewelry becomes picks, hammars, anvils, rods iron molds, files, grinds.

William says, ,,We left for the Valley and found ourselves being hunted by the goblins. We found a way into the swamp and found our way into the dragon's lair."

,,All but me," says Shake.

,,Yes," says William. "All put shake went into the dragon's layer while the goblin horde gathered outside. We waited. Then before we could find another path to freedom we were attached by a few then many..."

Kirra begins to walk through the group to walk by Shake. 

Hern and William lead the close walking group to to a grid of flat rock and lines of space spaning before them. The lines of space are as a boulder. The square flat rock squares between space lines are as wide and long as William's home.

William continues as they walk... ,,The goblins horde rushed our position." Willaim raises his hands and begins point direction and making fighting gesters. "We positioned ourselfs to both defend dragon eggs felt by Jan to be protected and the goblin leaders. After the leaders killed we found the horde upon us. We thought are selves dead until Fate lifted her hand for the black dragon rose for a water pool in the dragon lair. We found a cove to hide and await the outcome of what we later found to be a fight agains the goblins and the dragon. For what felt like a half days time goblins attacked the dragon. it was during this time Carlos found his way to this guantlet," he raises his guantlet, "to grab the dragon eggs from the pool of acid..."

Sounds of hammer striking anvils, cheering, talking and laughing spread around. Smells of cherry orange flow past. The tent pavillions and tents fill the sides of the path.

William steps over a tent spike hammered into ground as he continues to talk and they continue to walk. He raises his voice near a shout. ''Carlos must have grabbed the eggs for as  quick as the horde rushed the horde was falling off the dragon as the dragon was slamming goblins off then break the lairs ceiling, grabing Carlos with its tail and flying off into the risen sun. After that we ran up the slope left in the dragon's depart-"

Two pushing dwarves push against Grun. They look at Grun.

Grun pushes both dwarves away with a laugh into a group of grabing and pushing dwarves jumping in circles and up and down to the strike of hammer against anvils of different tones and rythems. Three drums and a guitar is heard.

Hern waves forward. 

Grun shouts and hoots and pushes a nother dwarf into the mass of dwarves moshing to anvil and drum.

Hern smiles and walk foward. William follows. Kirra looks at the walls and the ceiling and feels a cold chill flow through body and shiver to a hollow growing in mind against the stone. Jan  feels energy pulse from a source before their path. Spear's hears the cheers and the drums and anvils and feel his heart beat change and a rush of adreline fill his body. Myst hears the song of Reighn begin to play with the music as she sways hand. Minst touches spell book and feels each of the compnents collects in the side outside pocket of sack.

They follow Hern. 

Hern stops and looks back. He waves hands making Spear and Myst step to the side.

Grun takes mug from a dwarf and drinks and talks. The two other dwarves stand behind dwaves and hold hands on hammar and picks. The stare at people passing. They shake heads and say no when offered a mug or a pitcher.

,,GRUN!" hollars Hern.

Grun drinks from a mug an wipes beard. He glances at Hern and nods. He drinks and talks then nods, slaps a hand against a shoulder of a wererat dwarf dressing in the puzzle steel armor. Grun nods and walks to Hern.

Hern wait for Grun to near then turns and continues the walk. Willam follows.

They step through dawrves standing before tables and laid out blankets. Dwarves point and talk. They drink and cheer. They walk through and past the group.

The sound lowers from song and shouts to talk and whispers. 

,,Please continue," says Hern.

,,I believe I was speaking of the dragons," says William.

Hern nods. 

"Once the dragon escaped we followed leaving the goblins in the caven lair and behind after the confusion." He raises his gauntlet. "This guantlet feel from the sky after the dragon took flight. We then set north after looking at a map we were given by Branch. Our hope was to find the heart of the horde and find if we could defeat the goblins. It is both my hope to reopen the canyon  for trade as my father did." William looks at Kirra and Jan. 

Kirra and Jan nod.

William says, "And Kirra and Jan's journey lead them to use which lead to reason the destruction of the canyon and the swamp..."

They walk from the tents, leantos, pavillions and canopies to walk and marching groups of dwarves and wererats. The dwaves and wererats march from trenches carved with adecline into the cavern's stone floor disappearing into darkness not see through the infravision and magical glasses.

Bridges span over the tranches from top to top of the square sections between the grid trences. In the distand pullies and ropes are mounted on the side of the square sections.

Willima continues talking, "We travel the swamp for day evading the goblin horde was we pushed toward the canyon wall. Along the way we found a wounded goblin. A goblin that Jan was able to speak with and find there was a rift between the hobgoblin tribes and the goblin tribes. We discovered I was thought to be their king. Their ruler." William hangs his head and looks at the ground as the group walks down the decline into the carved trenches of the cavern floor.

"We were ambushed," says William, "A spear killed Buckey. Another killed the goblin helping show us the way as it leaped to defend be to meet a similar fate as Buckey had." William pauses. "We fought. We fought until a strange thing happened. The goblins began to overwhelm and kill the hobgobins. Then soon we were walk in a procession of goblins along an old over grown path I assume created by my father." 
 
They walk down the rough and declineing path. The walls on the sides are sooth. Windows and door frames like a word house are carved into the rock face. Relief statutes of faries and butterflies decorate one wall while another is decorated with creatures with fangs and claws spread over doors and windows as if pouncing to attack. The stone walls rise and with the rise more window appear. 

They walk at a slow pace. Hern groans. Dwaves and wererats walk past up the incline nod toward Hern and part the path stepping around the tight walking group. 

A baby cry, laughter and sounds of talking flow through the walk way between the buildings that rise as they descend.

William continues. " We walk near night to the main road that spans from valley to valley. We rested while Jan was taken to the goblin city. When she returned we found our selves following the lead of the goblins through a the city. And it was a city I have never seen those vial creatures to create. There were the soddies and mud huts and feces covered floors. As we marched a city wiht builds and houses of wood spread. They even had a woooden walkway. The walkway is what we followed along with a horde of goblins that grew and spread as we walked. They thought me to be their king..."

The trenches intersect and span side to side. The trench tops span higher above with each step. Smells of sage and wood smoke and coal stay stagnet in air until a gust of air blows up clearing hte air. A distant shout is hear echoing. People stand by doors and stairs carves from the stone. They watch the gourp pass. They nods and wave at Hern.

Hern nods and waves back.

William continues... "We were lead through the city to a large wooden tower twice as tall as the tallest swamp tree. The tower was surrounded by a wooden wall and courtyard." He looks back at Shake. "It is were we found Shake. And then we entered the tower."

,,IT'S TRAP!" shouts then laughs Grun. His voice echoes. 

The echo spreads up and up past the tall towers, the cotton awnings hangin above widows, the statues, cloths lines, metal mobils twisting in the cross winds casting taps and rings with the echo. 

Hern scowls at Grun. Shake looks at the statues and relief image along the walls that hue colors and shapes. Kirra feels the walls close in. She looks at the shadows and stares at those who past. Spear looks forward and walks. Minst shifts sack and looks back at Grun. Myst scowl Grun.

William looks at Hern.

Hern looks at William and nods. ,,Please continue." He head nods fast. His eyes wide.

,,It was a trap," says William. "After freeing Shake, and leaving Buckey's body in the court yard we were escorted into the tower." He looks at Myst and Spear. "It is here where our stories part for while we entered as one we left apart. I was paralized as I stood. We all were. None of us moved. It even took a span of time longer than I can hold breath. There were hobgoblins surrounding us. They in red robes. They grabbed and wrapped Minst, Myst, Jan, Kirra, Spear and Shake."

,,Who was," says Shake as he looks at Spear. "Then I was Punched!"

,,As the story goes, he was punched after reacting with too much action in a calm, but tense situation. He was bound and rolled with them while I remain to feel the itch and the muscle strain as parts of body became un stuck."

They stop as a line of small children wererats and dwarves walking past. 

Kirra looks up and sees and stares above.

The dark trench walls span vertical to the tops beyond the flight of a bird. The wide width of the trench the size of rope. The darkness of stone is a dim purple and the space black, pressure begin to build in her chest.  
 
Kirra inhales and exhales. She steps by Shake and touches the dagger in his back back.

They make eyecontact as William stops talking. Shake then looks at William.

Jan feels a pulse of engery hit chest. The pulse strength grows after each step. The pulse spreads through her body. The pulse creates a soothing beat. She becomes lost in the beat. She watches kids laugh by a door, a parent watch the kids play and smile. She watches the kids run past. 

Minst smells smoke and sage and mint. He sees magic hues radiate from some of the runes of protection. Minst seens a deep gray with hite sparkles magical arua radinating from a platform. ,,Teleport,' he whispers as William stops telling the story.

Spear smells sweat scents and sour scents from Myst and Jan and Kirra. He smells the sweat of William, Shake and Minst. He looks around feeling the walls close in. He wants to run through the passages ways like the children that pass as William stops talking.

Myst watches the kids run past then looks at William.

William continues as Hern glances and nods at William as he talks. ,,It wasn't long until the red robed hobgoblins carried everyone by I from the tower. I was alone, frozen. Then I heard a voice. It was a deep voice. It was a mocking voice. It began speaking my name. It laughed at my Goblin King status. It claimed to be Carlos. Then I could move. I was along an in a dim ire light that flicker along the walls. I tired to escape. But the entrance that must have been magical inforce was closed..."

The kids past. Someone says, ,,Hi, Hern!"

Hern waves. He walks

They walk and William continues... ,,I walked the wooden spiral steps into the darknes. A darkness that was colder than the ice on the peaks of this mountain. Then there was dim light. Those litte globs that floated and glowed. They were small like the globes illuminating the tower inside. The armor was armor much like the armor I wear, but hung on wall with shield and helm hung almost in mid air like a spectar was floating in place." William raises hand and palms and sways. "Then there was the table the desk and the specter. Or illusion. I only know I felt death when it neared me. The chill consumed. Then is spoke and I froze, but only for a second. He told me Carlos was a traitor. He told me that was he my family." William points to self. "He wanted to lead the goblin horde to take over the valley." William raise his arms.

As William raises his arms dwarves wearing tunics of leather, cotton, wool, silk walk past in couples and singles. The tunics are are loose and tight, long and short, radiate colors from purple to green with soft hues seen through the magic glass in the night vision.

Accessories dangle and shine. The waists bound with shiny and dim chains, wove. Thin plate copper and brass hang from hears. Bands of gold and silver and metals of presious worth strap waists, wrists biceps, necks and heads.

William lowers his arme and continues... "...The table was wider longer than Spear is tall and and longer than this path. It was a map showing the canyon and the vally. It was detailed to the point of seeing the tower and the individual trees on the canyon, the valley, the mountains all seen as the map moved around showing the goblin horde that is growing throughout the land. The swamp and the city is the only the city for this spectar to guide the army. An army he wants me to lead for which I refused to command his creatures and demanded I be freed with my friends. I attacked..."

Shake bumps between two people. Kirra slaps Shake on head. Shake looks back at Kirra and snears. Kirra sees Shake slide a gold waist band into pocket.

"I attacked but like before I was froze and then I wave of fatique washed overbody like a cold water fall. Then woke. The table was nothing more a table. No more map shined from its top. The desk was blank for all but a map. A map I seen and grabbed as I work to smoke and flames and the goblin horde outside in the court yard. I then hollared to my friend for them to leave while they could for our chance of suvival helping me was near none. Little was I aware that they themselves were as trapped in our own foolishness. But the found they had freed them selves and were running around the tower trying to get in while I out. From their escape, chaos and fire errupted. The tower was on fire. The goblins running and looking for blood without a place to group and plan the entered the tower."

,,We entered for you," says Myst.

William blushes and glances at Myst. Myst smiles. Spear

People stand on side of roads and talk. Some pass a ball. Others sit on the ground and lean against will laughing and talking. People set on steps to stairs rising high long stone buildings. People stand behind wooden stands with roots and potatoes, tomatoes mushrooms. One mushroom stand has mushrooms as big as a human head. People point at the mushrooms. Two talk of prices.

A slow breeze begins to blow past William, Hern, Myst, Spear, Jan, Minst, Grun, the two warriors and Kirra and Shake. Kirra and Shake walk from group. Kirra watch shakes hand and looks up and back.

Jan feels the energy pulses deepen as they step down the incline deeper into the decend trench. With her eyes closed, she feels and sees Kirra's tension. She inhales. Then slowly exhales. A force pulses from body and through Kirra. Kirra's body calms and her mind feels open. She looks at Jan.

,,Yes, very well," says William. "They came to save me. They came and entered. I was found me above, in the room with the table."

Myst says, ,,You forgot to tell them about the podium that was above the map room."

,,Yes, that's right," says William. "Before they entered I climbed the step to another room. A room with a three poles rising from the ground holding a plate sized disk that was glowing until I knocked it over. It was after knocking over the poles and the plate the glow faded and the spector was gone."

The breeze gusts then becomes a calm wind.

Minst lifts his sack and hits the sack. ,,I still have it."

Hern looks back to Minst and raises an eyebrow. ,,May I inspect it?"

,,Why, yes." Minst looks at William and Spear then Myst. Myst smiles.

Minst fumbles with sack and pulls out the silver disk. He looks at and gives it to Hern.

Hern turns around and walks backward. He grabs the disk then stides forward.

People point and talk and laugh as the group passes. The part. A few people wave, and says, ,,Hern, hi."

Hern waves with one hand while other hand holds the disk close to face. 

The soft wind becomes a force full wind blowing past as the group walks into it.

Hern turns a circle handing the disk back to Myst. He continues to walk forward. ,,It's an illusionists portal. It helps projects an advanced illusion over space and time. It allow all those senses you have believe that a real being is before you. It is likely how this spector is controlling the goblins. There are also runes along the outer edge that appear to be a common rune of charm and runes commonly used enchantment."

,,Is it worth anything?" says Minst.

,,Only if you have the power and the know how to use it?" says Hern.

Minst puts the plate in the sack.

Spear says, ,,What of the runes on William's armor?"

,,Runes," says William.

,,Yes," says Hern. He glances at William then steps aside from a running child and nods and waves at a group of people talking and looking.

A distant chatter and murmur is heard. People talk and shout. Echoes echo.

Hern says with a slightly louder voice. "I have met the person who created your armor, William. I have read some thing of the runes, but it has been too long since i have read that I no longer remember the details. I do know what some runes on the armor mean. They are of protection, but three also is a key. There is a key to that I don't know. I don't even know if I have the book I read that shown me those runes on your armor." Hen steps over a toy dragon on the ground. 

People push past. People push the group into a tight group. More shouts and screams echo. 

The wind blows past. People grab hands. Some beards are tied around neck.

Their walks slow to a step. 

Hern says loud, ,,If you had time. I could find more about your armor." He looks at William. "How did you come upon such a prize?"

,,WHAT," says William. 

Hern steps close. The press together as dwarves and wererats wearing tunics jostle past.

,,How did you acquire the armor?" says Hern.

William looks away and pushes back at a rush to push beyond. He looks back. Then he looks at Hern. He pauses before saying, ,,It's my families. May father gave me the armor."

Hern slaps the shoulder piece of the armor. ,,IT IS GOOD!"

The wind blows stiff and long. Beards, hair, earings are pushed and swooshed.  Hats, scarves and neckerchiefs blow up and away.                              

People reach and grab and watch the wind blow their possesion up the incline and to other people. People grabe the up held hats and neckerchiefs and walk on.

The wind blows and Hern leads them through the mass of dwarves walking trhough the center of the tench and between the dwaves standing on the side talking or bartering or watching the people past.

The wind blows causing a rush roar of force.  
 
Then the wind stops and people walk on.

The rush roar sound silence and settles letting rise the talk and murmurs and occasional dwarven shout surrounding.

,,WHAT WAS THAT?" says Minst.

,,THE CLEANING BREEZE," hollars Hern. He steps and walks. People look at Hern and step out of his way and into the path of William.

,,THE WHAT?" says Minst.

Hern looks at Minst. ,,THE CLEANSING BREEZE. IT CYCLES THE AIR THROUGH THE CITY TO CLEANSE THE AIR." He points up. "A SAGE OF DRUID INFLUENCE CREATES SMALL TORNADO ABOVE ON THE NATURAL SURFACE OF THE CAVERN." He looks at Minst.

Minst nods. 

Hern looks forward and continues his hollar. "THE TORNADO CAUSES A WIND TO ALL THE SMOKE AND STALE AIT UP AND THEN INTO THE TORNAODO WHICH THEN PUSH THE SMOKE TO THE VENTS  IN THE CAVERN TOP."

,,WOW," says Minst.

Hern nods while looking forward.

The sounds of anivls clink and echo between the wide trenches and tall square flat monoliths rising above. Laughter, talking and clapping echo up and up and up and fade.

Large walkway span above from one skyscapre monolith to another until they fade into the darkness. Each illuminated with a dim glow hue of shades of red. The walkways are wide as a person and a group.People above stand on rails and looks down point at the people packed in the tenches. The walkwas stretch and span from the mouths of huge relief scultures of minotars, styres, gargoylas etched along the building sides. 

The relief sculptures and etched designs flow between the windows and balcony.

The windows found in rows and columns of equal space and size upon one building ony to be spotted and large and small on aother building. The windows are covered by curtains. The window near the ground are barred.

They jostle down the incline. The path becomes narrow and slow between stands and podiums and cages areas with large crate boxes connected to a chain that raises to the sky. 

The crate boxes rise and lower along the sides of the stone high rise builds. The uniform size fits ten people and is tall enough for Spear to stands and raise arms without touching the tops. The large chains connected to the tops of the box hang loose of the boxes resting on the ground an taut as the crate boxes slowly rise and lowers. 

The relief etching in the walls begin to from names that glow purple, green, pink, red and can be seen by those light only seeing beings.
The relief etching area written under and over and around anvils or a mushroom or a scroll or a book.

The doors on the ground increase in amount along the buildins wall. People enter and exit therse builds holding a book, a scroll or a mushroom.

Hern leads pushes and wedges by a couple looking at large mushroom held by a third, who nods at Hern as he passes. 

The short and tall, old and young, fat and skinny dwarves and dwarven wererats surround. 

Hern guides the group, now spreading from Hern's wedge tip, step and stand through.

Kirra taps Shake on the shoulder every few steps. 

Shake looks back and says, ,,Stop," and shakes head side to side. 

The words stop are lost in the chatter, the chit, the talk, the laughing, the slam of

The pound of anvils paces clapping and banging of rod on  sheet metal. Then the sound of pick agains rock taps the pace.

People step and sway with the beat of anvil bangs. People standing sway heads and bop heads with the song. A small group stands around a dancing wererat near the corner of the building. 

Hern puts two balls of wax in each ear then liftsthe wax ball up to William.

William shakes head.

Hern holds the ball of wax behind.

Jan, Spear, Minst and Myst shake head. All three smile and watch the banners, signs, pictures hanging from the walls and the balconey of the building.

Shake tries to take a brooch from a tunic strapped to an gray hairs and white beard dwarf. He hits the  dwarf and pulls his beard.

The dwarf looks at Shake and sneers and looks at Kirra.

Kirra slaps the side of Shakes head and then pulls him toward the group.

Shake wiggles and pulls away hitting a couple of passing dwarves as he is pulled near Spear and Jan.

Kirra release grip and looks at Spear. 

Spear nods and rests a hand on Shoulder.

Kirra looks at Jan. The tension and worry lift with the sight. Jan smiles and winks. They stand close in the pack. Jan grabs Kirra's hand as they walk. A wave of energy flows over Kirra calming mind and helping it find the freedom of space in the mass of people walking.

The wide walkways between the towering rock buildings open to a vaste open area of people.

Stages, booths, tents, signs, banners poke from a mass of dwarves, wererats, humans, haflings, giants that speads to a distant further than the sight of night or magical.

A stages stage people playing anvils, manners, stone and pick, guitars and drums. A large stage near the edge has people dressed as a dragon and an knight standing and talking between wooden trees, moutains and a small castle. Another stage has a monkey and a dwarve holding a stick and a loop. Another stage has a man in purples robes shoot small rockets from the air that shoot high above and explode like a fire work. 

People look up and clap. The walk around the stages and stand then wander or walk by booths. 

Booths wide, short, tall and short outline a maze through the open space. Booths of wood and stone frame cloths, jewelry, knives, daggers, swords, roots, mushrooms, various types of animal feces, flowers, fiddles, hide, furs, stone carvings of birds and snakes and bears. Booths are covered and 

Red, purple, green and brown tents cover area. Their door flaps closed. People dressed in red, purple, green and brown stand at the sides of the flaps and stop a drunk or two running kids before they enter.

Hern hollers above the anvil pound, ,,BAZAAR!'' He waves hand right and steps and slides between dwarves. "HERE!"

William, Kirra, Jan, Spear, Myst, Minst and Shake stand and stare across the surface of the bazaar.

Hern stands, steps back, pulls on William's  arms. 

William looks down, nods, says, ,,Sorry," and hears only the bang of the anvil. 

Hern nods and looks around. Then he puts two split fingers in mouth and blows. 

A whistle pierces through the sound of music and shouting.

People turn and look, walk past, push, shove and stumble past.

,,GRUN!'' hollers Hern. 

Grun stands by a booth at the thresh hold of the bazaar. He laughs with another standing behind the booth of wooden kegs stacked and topped with a flat board and a rod with a pump handle and a spouts. 

The dwarf behind the booth folds his arms over his wide barrel chest pinning beard under his forarms. He nods at the group.

Grun nods and doesn't look back. He points to two wooden kegs and points at the two dwarves standing behind Grun. 

The dwarf behind the booth smiles. They both clasp forearms then part.

Grun steps and pushes his way through the tight groups and stepping people He sways and wipes sweaty forehead. 

The two armor dwarves left behind by Grun lift two wooden kegs on shoulders and step and stand through the crowd into the bazaar.

,,HERN!" says Grun.

Hern pivots head and grabs and pulls on Grun's beard. The dwarvish cant flow from Herns mouth mixing with a singer and the anvil pound. Hern tugs and pulls on Gruns beard. Grun sways and smiles and laughs then begins to calm and look at Grun with a stare and straight stand.

People push and sway the group to a tight huddle.

Shake steps from the group.

Kirra holds onto Shake's arm.

Hern release Grun's beard and pushes through the people stepping and shuffling past. He raises an arm above head as he pushes and wedges into the crowd. Then he walks up some steps leading to a  door to the building standing at the border of the bazaar. He waves to the door.

William nods and looks at Spear. Spear nods. Myst steps into the crowd looking over the heads of the dwarves and at the face of anohter human wearing a tunic walking past. Kirra clasps Jan's hand and steps will Jan after Myst. Kirra pulls on Shake's arm. Minst slides his hand between the folds of armor and touches the spine of spell book then pulls pack tight to side. Spear nudges shake and walks with William toward Hern.

Grun follows. His face solid. His step true. His back straight as he shuffles and steps through the mass to the stairs.

They step into the doorway. William, Kirra, Minst, Spear lower heads and shoulder while steppign through door. They stand in an large squard room. 

The dim light rooms brings bright light to those who see of the night and light near day to those wearing the glasses. The reliefs spread from the entrance to the four  walls of the room. The etching and relief statues show dwarves wearing tunics and wearing metal jewelry looking to the center of the room. The relief eteching span from the walls to the ceiling and the floor creating a mirror relief of concentric circles that shrink to a spot in the center of the room where a few dwarves stand near the center and peer at the center while talking.

,,What's this?" says Minst.

,,It's the transfer node to other nodes higher in the building." Hern points as he slowly walks to the center near the people standing around looking at the center  conentric circle. "In the center there is a portal to step on." He digs into his red robe and pulls out a yellow crystal. "This key will take me to a nod that is simlar to this room put with stairs climbing  to rooms halls." 

They slowly walk to a distant center.

Shake slows his walk and walks near Grun and to the side of Grun. His shaking hand wipes sweaty forehead. His ears hears two people entering the room. His body spreads a slow burn from head to body. Shake grabs his caraf and drinks wine.

William walks behind Hern looking around the room at the refief statues hued flesh and metal tones. He watch the people a head standing. He looks back at Grun then at Spear. 

Spear sees the people standing near center. 
 
They people stand  with arms folded and feet tapping. They are relaxed and talking and laughing. They glance at the center. A dwarf in chain metal tunic  flashes the appears at the center then steps away. Two dwarves laughing and talking walk to the chain mail dressed dwarf. The hug and walk way.

Spear feels people along the distant walls watching.

Kirra loosens grip on Jan's hand then lets it fall. She grabs her dagger hilt and sword hilt. She steps from the tight walking group to the edge near Shake. She sees and watches the room and shadows. She sees a  relief statue along the wall flinch. 

Jan releases Kirra's hand and begins to hum that spread a soothing waves of wind from her to Spear, William, Minst, Myst, Spear, Hern, Grun and Kirra. The wind flows over skin relaxing Shakes shaking hand. 

Myst feels senses of touch over her flesh as she stares at Grun, Hern and the dwarves gathered around the center of the room, and a few dwarves in the shadows.

She thinks of Hern and a soft, warm and smooth sensation flows over her body. She thinks of Grun and feels sharp pokes of needles and a flash of blistering pain that makes her muscles tense then relax. She exhales and thinks of the dwarf wearing chainmail arm and arm with two other dwarves, and a feeling course rubbing flows over skin then the three dwarves looking at Myst, William, Spear, Kirra, Jan, Minst and Shake, and Myst feel red hot sizzle fry over skin then the feeling cools to a hot sting as the three dwarves see Hern and nod.

As Myst feels more heat from other dwarves standing near and far, Minst sees the magic of the 
teleport.

A dark purple beam spans from the center of the room and the concentric circles. The purple hues to blue from the center. The blue radiates from the purple. The purple pulses red then a form appears as a dwarf in a chain mail walks from  the center through the blue and from the blue hue to two dwarfs talking and laughing.

,,Is the blue hue a timer for the transport?" says Minst.

,,Very good!" says Hern. He looks back and nods. "The blue allows for the other nodes be aware other's are either waiting or about to enter. It helps prevent two people appearing on the same spot at the same time. It the protectiion." 

The walk through the room and near the small crowd of dwarves sitting or standing on the floor.

Hern points to the floor and the concentric circles. ,,If you
were wearing the glasses the floor would be casting a purple hue to your eyes right now."

,,I see only runes outlined in purple dye. And with dwarvenish script written along the edge of the circle," says Minst.

,,Yes!" says Hern.

The dwarves standing around the small crowd look at Hern and the group.

Myst feel cold then hot then course scraps over the skin.

Two dwarves holding hand wave to Hern and peer at Myst and William.

Hern waves back and steps into the purple hue. He looks at the group. ,,It is my time to take leave." He yawns and looks at William. "I would enjoy hearing the rest of your tale before I leave."

,,Yes, the tale," says William. He looks off into the distance, pauses and nods and smiles then says. "There's not much left. The tower was on fire. We need out. We began to search the floor of the tower. There were rugs over rugs over rugs. Then Shake found something under a large pot, about the size of the pots we bathed in. We moved the pot and found a ladder down. With fire flaming and walls falling, and the goblins horde rushing in, we climbed down. A fast. We found the bottom, a hole to crawl. The hole looked like it was carved with claw and tooth. Wooden boards were holding it up. And we crawlled through the mud. A feeling from Myst and a pray for a sign when we were needing to know which path to take. Then like an answer from the Gods to show us a path and tell use to move. We moved. We crawled and climbed through mud and feces and puddle of urine. The flame light was dim. The need to go forward a must. We slid down a shaft and popped out the other side and into the sewer system. With no where to go, we found a place to sleep. Then we began to find a way out when we came upon Grun."

Grun yawns.

Hern smiles. ,,Thank you, William." He looks from Minst, to Myst, to Jan, to Spear, to Shake, to Kirra to William. "It has been a joy both meeting you and talking with you." He bows.

Minst says, ,,Thank you," at the same time William says, ,,It was an honor," at the same time Myst says, ,,It was our pleasure."

Hern smiles, nods, and walks away.

Minst fumbles with his sack and shoves hand into sack. ,,Wait!"

Hern stops and turns around.

Grun grabs knife hilt steps toward MInst and begins to draw a jewelled embedded dagger.

Minst pulls out the silver rune cover plate. ,,Here, I would like you to have this."

Hern smiles and grabs the plate. ,,It is a power that you give to me. This is an artifact you may keep for you tower." 

,,I wish for you to have it." Minst smiles. 

Myst feels course become smooth and warm and spread chills.

Hern bows. ,,Thank you." Then once again looks at Minst, Myst, William, Jan, Kirra, Spear and Shake. Then says, ,,Always remember the pack will journey farther than one."



