The pack stands staring. Guile and Kirra stare at each other. William stares at Guile then Kirra then Guile. Myst stares at all with her song. She sees the pack, their carts and oxgobilns, and caravan rolling toward them.

Oxgoblins stand and clomb gravel highway. One blusters.

The cart rolling toward them slows. A few shiloutted spread.

Kirra sees two spread over desert and hold bows.Guile holds his jewelled dagger and wants to stab Kirra's throat and mind wash William and Myst to follow him to Tyrinium, so he can complete a contact with Senator Ring and Love. His fists feels is will of hate flow from hand and through body and build in head like a dam holding back water.

Myst stops humming and become blnd. She says, ,,I will perform a Song of Reighn for Bin.'' She smiles and slaps the bottom of drum once. ''It will protect us through the night and give us a pace to come together and walk until we rest and eat.'' She taps the bottom of her drum.

Kirra eases pull on bow string and lowers arry tip to ground. 

Myst sings, ,,From the sun to the moon.'' Her voice fades and her hand thumps the bottom of drum.  

Kirra steps away from Guile and William.

Guile lowers knife.

William stands.
 
Myst sings, ,,From the rise to the Fall.'' Her voice spreads over the road. Her drum hits with the sylibal beat.

The two sihlouettes from the caravan behind stand and hold bows.

William steps from Guile and toward Myst. ,,Guile,'' says William. ''Think for the pack not against. We need you with us.''

Guile peers at Kirra.

Myst hits drum and sings, ''It's time for us all.''

The song spreads through the night.

And a call from the night says, ,,The night is of Chaos and flight.''

Myst sings and drums, ,,It's an uncontrolled might.''

Wiliam steps to the head of the cart and around to theother sides and stands.

Kirra steps to the rear of the cart and near the dead body covered with tarp.

The two sihlouetes to the Wax and Wane grab strings.

Guile grips the Jewelled Dagger. He shouts mind from will of hate at sihlouette staning a sling shot away. In a blink and a breathe Guile feels sorrow.

Sorrow deeps and dark fall allighn Guile's maze mind. Emotions a scarred affraid cold through a fast desert spans. 

Guile sees to William's mind. >Feel fear and worry and want to be held.<

Wililam sniffs and says, ,,Hello, I am William Westmore...'' 
 
Myst slaps drum bottom on humas with William's talk. 
 
Wililam sasy. ''I am a gladiator freed from Gnomsidy. We are travelling to Tyrinium to make a trade and fight in the pits.''

He stands by the lead cart and stares at the cart behind.

Myst follows the pause of William's talk with a beat to sing. ,,To rise again the next light. We will show the might.''

Guile sheaths Jewelled Dagger. He steps away from Kirra and near Myst.

Myst hums.

The two caravan stand  and stare for a few nights. 

William steps. ,,We welcome you to join our journey to Tyrinum.''  He steps toward the end of the cart and past Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,You first.'' she stares at the caravan. 

The caravan behind is two wagons and two oxgoblins. The three drovers spread over ground.

Kirra peers and can't see the details.

Each guard hold a small shield and a short sword.

One drover standing  by the oxgoblins. ,,I see fights in Oasis. I never seen you.'' He nods and steps from the oxgoblin toward Kirra and William. Arm hang to side. The short sword is sheathed. ''But I love the sport. I love to watch.''

William says, ,,It is good to find another enthusiest. It is a long way from Oasis and stil further from Tyrinum. If we ride together then maybe we find our ways and we can talk to stories.''

The drove stops. ,,My name is Herold. I am from the Fort near Shiptik. Shiptik is our destination.''

the drover steps and walks toward william and kirra. Herold's hand rests near sword hilt.

William steps and rests gloved steel on hip and other hand on hilt. Kirra watches the two to side.

The two to her side stand with a loose hold of string. 

William steps toward Harold.

Herold stand and leans a few leaps from William. ,,You a human. I see.''

William steps and stand. He spreads arms wide. ,,I am human.''

Guile sees from one drovers mind to another drover's mind feeling rage and hate and fear of Willims.

In the other drover's mind, Guile finds fear, hate and loathing.

The fear and hate and loathing focuses upon William.

William says, ,,I am human. And as human I am unable to see you.''

Myst says from a humm. ,,I can caste light with the tap of by drum.''

Herold laughts. ,,That would be fun. Lets have light and...Have this done.''

,,Yes.'' says William. ''Light for we have few things to hide.'' He smiles.

Harold's grand voice says, ,,Then let there be light.''

Myst hums from mouth to throat.

A glow spread with the vibrations illuminating beyond the two hold bows and beyond the caravan behind.

The light illuminates. The droves are seen to be soldiers. The cart and oxgoblins rest. The gray gravel of the highway spreads. The soldiers wear black leather, red chain mail, shortswords and small shields. The red chain amil shines silver over the surface. The black leather is ceased and faded with dirt and scrpes. The small shields are dented. 

The soldiers stand with hunches and scares. Thier wrikleds skin sags over collars and cuffs.

Herold says, ,,You are human.'' Herold says, ''Let the chaos of Bin spread, so the Law may be.''

,,Without the chaos there would be no law,'' says on of the bow holders.

Herold says loud, ,,Yes, Milton. Law and both Choas are needed.''

The soldiers near Guile whimpers. ,,It's the...''

Herold lowers hand from hilt and steps from the caravan and walks toward Wiliam. He extends an arm and opens hand.

Wililam grabs Harold's hand, and they both shake hands. 

Herold says, ,,Our friend to the Wane is Joe. Joe has lost the Law through the lost of Chaos.''

Myst hums through throat while she says, ,,I am sorry for your loss.'' She bows head.

Herold shrugs, ,,It's not my loss. It is not Bin's loss.''

Guile steps to the side of the first cart. He listesn to Herold's voice.

Herold's voice repeats in Guile's mind. ,,It's not, it's not, it's not, it's not my loss. Not my loss, not my loss.''

In Herold's mind Guile finds calm and focus. A feeling of fear, wonder and protection and humor vibrate through senses of touch through Guile as Guile stands by the wagons.

The oxgoblins clomp hooves.

Myst says as throat hums silence. ,,We should walk and talk of Bin and the balance. I have been told that an Avatar has left this prime plane for all planes.'' She steps. ''We make a song of Bin to give honor.''

Milton's squeaky voice says, ,,Bin don't need a song. Bin needs the land. Bin is the sound. It is Bin that allows use to think to understand.''

Kirra stares at Harld, Milton and Joe.

Joe says, ,,What where you screaming?''

William says, ,,Kirra and Guile hate each other, and if the song sung by Myst is true there is the choas spreading through the law of our minds.''

,,Not mine,'' says Hearld. ''Milton can put down that crossbows. And Joe too.'' Hearld lets hand fall away from hilt of sword. ''We leave the city from the chaos. find the law in the desert.'' Hearld steps at William. He holds hand. ''You first or the one with the bow.'' He looks through the dark at Kirra. ''Can't have any one hate you and be first.''

Kirra stands. ,,We're first.'' 

Guile sees to William's mind. >Herald has not thoughts of harm or care.<

Herald steps before Kirra with hand open. ,,I am Herald the first.''

Wiliam grabs Herald's hand, and they shake hands. ,,William Westmore.''

,,Herald,'' says Herald. His voice has a slight tik to it. ''My army name you can't pronounce.''

,,Army,'' says William. ''We must talk of the Army and of Bin. I mayself am a follower of the Reighn. The being of sound and harmony.''

,,Reighn,'' says Joe. He walks toward cart. ''Reighn is Bin's birth. All lesser gods are below bin. It is the Law of Bin.''

Myst says, ,,A sound is not greater or lesser it only is.'' She smiles and hums.

Guile links with Joe's and Milton's minds while holding the thought threads to Herald's and William's using a feeling of faith in Bin to find a way into their minds. He feels the fuzzy belief of a higher being to highten and alow his thought stream to enter and pull. 

Herald, Milton and Joe's thought sum feels of questions and wonders. A tension connection links between the three as they glance at each other and nod. Milton looks at Joe and shrug right shoulder, and Joe lowrs bow and steps toward Herald. Herald thinks to make a fist with hand then open, so he makes a fist with hand then opens it twice. 
 
Herald says, ,,Bin is to many known by different names. To us, Bin is Law and Chaos and between those two starts are everything.''

Joe and Mitlon nod. The click and clack between each other.

William, Myst, Kirra and Guile hear the noises as talk of Bin finding the right tune.

Guile sniffs and steps, ,,We go to Tyrinum.''

Kirra steps from Guile and to the lead. She snaps her fingers as she walks by oxgoblin's head.

The oxgoblin clomps and blusters and follows Kirra over the gravel highway.

The wagons jerk and pull and roll.

,,And we are off to Tyrinum,'' says William. ''We could journey together and speak of Bin.'' He looks at Guile.

Guile glances at William and looks foward. He loses sight of the horizon as he see and focuses upon the thoughts of Herold, Milton and Joe.

Herald says, ,,We ride to shiptik then back to Oasis.'' Herald looks at Joe. ''I am sure Joe would love to talk about Bin.

Miltin steps to the back of the pack's wagon and hits teh side. ,,What are you hauling all this way.''

William stands before Herald and looks to side toward Milton. ,,Glass from Gnomsidy.''

,,What kind,'' says Joe runbs small son idol in hand. 

William steps. ,,I don't know. We were told by our once owners to carry this glass to Tyrinum and once there they will give-us a job.''

Herold stares at Willia and clicks and clacks.

The oxgoblin behind Herold pulls chains and walks road.

Herold steps. ,,Who where yo owned by?'' He steps past William.

William turns and walks with Herold. Myst hums and follows.

Her hum spread and vibrates around the carts. Shee sees for Runtik.

Kirra peers for runitk and the light.

Through the night, waves of sind rise. To the Rise a road parts waves. To the Wax waves rippel the risen dark. The the Wane, a stone walkway rises from the sands.

Joe and Milton walk by the end of their cart. They disarm crossbows.

William says after Harold asks question, ,,Senator Ring and Senator Love.''

Herold says, ,,I don't know them.''

,,I do not know them either. We have a working relationship and nothing more.''

Hearld nods.

Myst humms and says, ,,Harold, Milton, Joe, please talk of Bin as I feel there is little I know and much I should learn about this greate being.'' 

,,Bin,'' says Harold.

Joe says from behind. ,,Bin created all. Bin created your sound and birthed your God.''

,,I have heard,'' says William. ''Of no other dieties nor seen evidence of no other deities worshipped by the empire?''

,,Ther is nonee,'' says Harold.

,,Bin is the only. Bin is the one,'' says Joe.

,,Or Bin is all,'' says Miltin. ''Bin is what bin wants to be. We can't decide for Bin. We only live the rults of Bin's reality. And now that reality favors the law.

We have been warring too long.''

,,Bin needs balance says Joe.'' Harold says.

Milton says loud. ,,The avatar was not killed to balance. It was killed for secular control.''

,,Securlar contral,'' says Joe. ''Bin's Law is both spiritual and secular. There is no avatar death that can change Bin's dominance over the realm.''

,,And the capitals,,, says Milton. ''The Will Thinkers. The merchants. Bins law to thim-''

,,Joe-'' says Herold.

,,I finish, Herold.'' Joe raises voice volume. ''It was not the death of an avatar that causes the chaos. It is the insult the secularist that create the chaos.''

Herold says, ,,William. You a beliver of Bin?''

William looks back. ,,I am beliver of many Gods. Reign, Bin, Tune even the druid orders. It is what I have felt and seen to be true.''

Joes says with his click and clacing at the end of the words becoming more pronouced. , ,,At least, William is no heath. He be a believe of a subveriant God, but he is no heathen like those in Tyrinam.''

Milton says, ,,William, you says you work for two Senators? What were their names?''

As Milton speaks, Guile feels a flux or suspicion and hate vibrate from Milton's mind to Guile's mind. 

,,Senator Love and Senator Ring.'' William walks by Herold. ''Our relationship was more master and servant, so I can not give you much more beyond their names.''

,,Gladiators at Gnomisity,'' says Milton. ''You must have been at the front lines. Are you a captured soldiers? Or are you a mercinary?''

Kirra hears the talk and grips bow.

Myst vibration flows. She seeks to see beyond and her sone spreads over the road and over the sand waves and beyond the aquicduct rising from the sands to the sky. She sees a few goblins licking wet ston at the base of a colum holding the aquicduct.

The wind blows cold, and the dust stings. 

,,No goggles,'' mumble Guile.

,,I am warrior,'' say William. ''And now I am a warrior without a fight.''

,,Fight!'' says Milton. ''The chaos of war spreads Bin's word further than with law of negotiation. The balance only gives either weakness. You question Bin during a phase. You become follower of Bin.''

Joe scoffs. ,,Milton, you do bad.''

Milton look over cart, shouts. ,,THERE'S NO LAW.''

,,There are beast, Mitlon,'' says Herold. ''Be quiet.''

,,What a worm? A blue dragon? Those rodent hoboblins of the sand are scarred.'' Milton lays. ''BIN'S CHOAS SPREADS.'' Milton peers at Herold. ''An avatar has died.''

Guile feels love, hate, sorrow, joy and rage flowing through the thought link from Milton. Feelings of stress, confusion though a stead focus flows from Joe. 

Kirra feels the rage and agner from Milton and readies her bow. She peers through the dark and says loud, ,,QUIET.''

Herold says, ,,The First right.''

,,First,'' says William. 

,,She leads,'' says Herold. ''And you should find the song of Bin.''

,,The song of Bin,'' says Myst. ''Will you sing it.''

,,I can't sing,'' says Harold. 

,,There is no song of bin,'' says Milton. ''It's a lie of law.''

Harold chuckles. ,,Joe can sing it, but-''

Milton laughs, ,,It's against rite to sing the Bin's Song before or after the Rise. Light lovers.'' Milton's laugher spread through desert windows and blows away.

Kirra snaps fingers and clicks tongue. 

The oxgobin's stop. The woagons shake and settle.

Herolds clicks and lowers hand. 

The oxgoblins behind Herold clop to a stomp.

Herold clicks and steps from beyond the wagon.

The oxgoblins follow herold and pul lthe lone wagon. 

Herold says, ,,You have trouble with oxgoblin.''

Kirra snifts and holds bow, stands to side to see Herold. ,,Trouble with your noise. Tell all the animals where we go.''

Herold and the cart rolls to Kirra.

Wiliam stays behind the wagon near Milton and Jim.

Jim says, ,,The desert Law is-''

,,Choas,'' says milton. 

Herold clicks, and the oxgoblins stops and settle, stomp.

Herold says, ,,The trail from Oasis to Shiptik is tame compared to trail from Oasis to Gnomsidy.'' He nods. ''And the animals and bandits beyond will hear us come and hear us go. But those animals are too scared of the town. The army sleeps near the aquiducts to protect the muddy water.'' Herold clicks and clacks and steops.

The oxgoblins of Herold's stomp and follow.

Herold says, ,,I have drove this highway for the amry longer than you alive.'' He looks at Kirra. ''We quiet soon. We stronger in numbers.'' he walks and the oxgoblins and two drovers lead.

Kirra snaps and clicks, and her oxgoblins roll behind.

Guile feels suspesion, fright, concern and doubt from Jim and Milton. Herold's thoughts feel to be even and focused to the cool breeze.

The caravans walks over hte gravel road.

Myst walks near William behind the last wagon. She says, ,,I have heard rumors there is hope for control over the empire now that the avatar is dead. I have heard it can cause a shift of the empire..''

,,Yes,'' says Milton. ''YES.'' Mitlon steps between the two wagons and by Wililams. ''The avatar's death will spread chaos. It will stops. It will change.'' 

,,Milton,''s ays Herold. ''you march behind the wagon.''

Milton steps behind their wagon. ,,It is the avatar that has brought our empire  the greatness. It is the avatar that brought the chaos of war. She has shown us our stenght. She has lead across the desert. She has shown us great victory.'' As Mitlong speeks ahd stares at Wiliam and Myst.

Wiliam doen't see the stare as Myst does.

Guile feels the stare int the form of truth, belief and a fanatical lust of... Pain shock Guile's head. The world sways and levels.

Along that same world, the carts roll flat.

And as Guile feels from Milton, and as the carts roll, Milton continues to say, ''She was our commander and sould. It was with her-''

,,Milton,'' says Herold. ''The army still controls. The clerics and wizards will not lose control of the Senate. It is the law.''

,,Jargon talk. The surface talk,'' says Harold, who the then talks the Gobspeak. ''Wetak livetik nowtok. Wetak livetik lawtok. Wetak livtak chaostok.''

Miltin says, ,,Lifetak beyondtok.''

Herold nods. He glances back and raises voice. ,,Bin's flesh form falling dead will not stop the empire. We build the aquiduct to Oasis. We creates the Dead Valley. We have towns across the desert.''

William clenches his fist and jaw.

Myst feels her vibrating sight flicker and blurr around William. She lays her hand on William's bicep. She squeezes William's arm. 

Wiliam feels the star of reign iitch then cool as Myst's touch flows cool through William.

Milton says, ,,How you human here and not follower of Bin?''

,,We have found our fights in the dome and pit of Gnomsidy and then we were released for we have fought enough. We did not want to journy to warring lands, but rather to new lands.'' William clenches fist and inhales. ''Now...'' he exhales lossening jaw. ''We travel to lands where there is no war.''

Milton and joe click and fast and low making it hard for all to know.

Guile feels and hears their talk of,, ,,Stupid humans...Stinky humans...Fools for travelling Rise.''

William sees with Myst through teh night and with her vibrating song.  As he sees, the walk. William lets jaw clench loose, ,,I have never journied the highway from Oasis to Shiptik, so what my we expect during this journey accross the sand.

Milton and Joe click and clack. Joe shrugs.

Along the plane to the Wane, a wall rises to broad pillers and sihlouette aqueduct.

Lights twinkle from a far along the base of the acquiduct.

Herold says, ,,Six station plotted here to Shiptik. Middle station called Behir Bay. it was home to behir after first army found. It's a day's travel to both stations. Sand and sand stone between. Sand wave blow, but not as tall. Winds and stand storms blow sumer spring. Winter frist and gold. Freeze druing night. Early spring and early Fall are the travel times of years. The workers from Tyranium plants and sew the fields early spring then travel to Oasis while hauling left over stored food. White sheets work until Fall using the water from the aquiduct and the food brough it with supplies to build the aquiduct to Gnomside. Soon after fall begins they return to Tyrinum for havests of the corp and keep for the winter. The white sheets then are give a winter break to celebrate the coming of Bin's Avatar.''

,,Is the avatar dead?'' says William.

,,The avatar lives.'' says Miton.

Joe coughs and huffs and shakes head. ,,The chaos brings the death for the renewal of law.''

,,Law,'' says William. ''How will...How do we know this avatar is dead!''

,,After the white sheets leave during the fall, many of the traders and carts, and many of the soldiers leave with them. Oasis shrinks. And they try to survive.''

William says, ,,You are on your way out for the season?''

Herold says, ,,We are on our way to make trade. Food and water travels these trails. Sandbricks, glass and machines travel to Tyrinum.'' He chuckles. ''We don't know if the avatar is dead. We don't know if the avatar exists.'' He shrugs. ''It's faith.''

,,Whose faith.''

,,The God's faith,'' says Joe. 

,,Why do you care?'' says Herold. He sorts and chuckles. ''I try to tell you of how to survive any journey from Oasis to Shiptik, and you talk of a God other than the one you worship. The avatar is dead. Or the avatar is alive. It's the way with Gods. I am not a God.''

Joe says, ,,You will learn the way. You are now in the empire land. Avatar or no Avatar, Bin is the God of this land.''

,,And Reighn my God,'' says William. 

,,Our God,'' says Myst. 

,,Heathens,'' says Milton. 

,,Milton,'' says Herold. ''I don't want trouble with the constables if we stop at Water Hole.''

Guile feels rage flow from Herold and anger feel like steam burning the soul. Guile says, ,,Which do you trust the least Hearld. Joe or Milton?''

,,HA,'' says Herold. ''I trust both enough to be silent.'' 

Milton laughs. 

Willliam says, ,,And how do you know the Avataor is dead?''

Milton's laugh calms. ,,Why do you care human? you have a human god?''

The lights twinkling near to be glowing. A short building rises above the aquiduct.

The aquiduct sihlouettes rise from the flat sand planes to the dim moon lite sky. The aquiduct flows 

The mood shine red like blood. 

Kirra stares over the sand planes and through the blood read night. She says, ,,Guile. Find Runtik.''

Guile walks and feels choase from Milton and order from Jim with a varying thought of the the pack and their caravan rolling through the wild.

Myst hums. 

Myst's hum spreads.

And Guile's mental shouts thumps and spreads like ripple wave flowing from a title. The force of will spreads through Myst.

Myst's song thumps the wave forth thorugh Kirra, William, Herold, Milton and Joe. 

Herold says, ,,What was...'' His thought fades as he steps and stares at the blood shining moon.

The thought wave of Guile spans over the desert floor along the aquidcut and ripples through the distant glowing lights of a building a long bow show away. The thought wave ripples around the building.

The thought wave splashes. Sprays of thought shower in Guile's mind.

Guile feels head cursh. He falls to knees.

Herold clikcs and clacks a stops and a halt.

Willism steps and stands by Guile.

Myst stand and sways with her hand beating on th edrum bottom. 

The drum boom pushes the crashing through into Guile's mind like a warm words from a lover whispering to Guile. 

Guile feels drunk, tipsy, rage, loss, curoisty. He feel a few minds shouting streams of through to his mind reaching to connect through waves of emotion throug Guile.

Guile sees images of rape, sex, punching bloody faces, buy oxen with gold. 

Guile pulls all seen and feelings thorugh mind and feels for Runtik's voice and buzz and her mind. 

Runtik's buzz splash and spreads.

As William reach toward Guile, guile says, ,,Runtik's in there.''

William stops. 

Kirra stops and stands.

The oxgobilns stand, and wagons settle.

Kirra, William look at Guile, and Guile stands. 

Guile sniffs. ,,The place with lights.''

Herold clicks and lays hands flat. He steps from the oxen and wagon. ,,That guy alright.'' He rests hand on hold of short sword. He looks at William and Kirra and Guile.

Gulie squeezes head and bows to the ground. Sweat coveres head and his few strans of hairs stick to head and face and between the rolls of his chins. His chins shake.

Herold steps back, raises arm and waves to Jim and Milton. He clicks and says with surface talk. ,,It was nice to meet you. We are in a hurry to make our path. It's a long streatch to the Sandy Node.'' Heold steps before the oxen and clicks and steps to the Wane around the packes wagons. 

William steps. ,,We thank you for the information in the talk. It is a changing world.''

,,It is my friends,'' says Herold. ''You may want to talk with your friend before travelling the desert. It is a hot and dead place for those without friends.''

,,It is.'' William steps from Guile. ''And may your travels be friendly.''

Guile breathes. .,,Runitk inside.'' Shouts, whispers and a joke about eating oxgoblins shit. Guile whimpers and begins to weap. He feels the loss of a dead child still born, and the chaos of a bar fight. And the song of clicking and clacking of Bin. Throug it all, woven like a thread though a large tapestuy. Guile cries.

William says loud as Herold and cew roll away. 

,,What is the name of the building with glowing windows through the night?'' says William.

Herold shouts. ,,Water Hole.''


