
The dragon's roar fades.

The lights in the cavern blink off. 

Darkness surrounds everything.

Carlos claps hands and spreads plams in archs.

Balls of light streak along the walls and to the ceiling arching to fall and fade around a submerged Black Dragon.

The black dragon's  huge front legs and webbed clawed feet prop upon the shore of the lake its massive body dwarfing the horde emassed in the cavern. Its huge wings lay folded on back covering the dragon like a cape. Large horns sprout  from neck to head. Its tail tip pokes from water's surface. Its head the size of Buckey hovers high above the ground pointing two human sized hornes curving along its angular head. Its scales absorb light.

The horde of goblins and hobgoblins fill half the cavern from wall to wall of the cavern The stand with arms lowered and head raised caught in the gaze of the dragon.

The dragon roars.

The horde pushes and pulls agaist itself causing a swirl of chaos of limbs pushing and pulling bodies back and forth and side to side.

Silence spreads from the cavern following its echoes.

Everyone is still.

The dragon's nose flares and blows. Its big black orb eyes stare peers at the line of fumbling goblins and hobgoblins.

The goblins and hobgoblins stall and stare. 

Kirra notches and arrow in bow and looks between the dragon and the goblins.

Spear and William look at the dragon.

,,Now what?" says William. He, Kirra and Myst step close together and walk away from the dragon and the goblin horde neear the far shore of the pool of acid. Carlos, Minst and Jan walk with weapons drawn look at the dragon and the horde. 

Spear runs wide and to William.

Clashing of swords and armor is heard from the other side of the cavern.

A hobgoblin wearing chain mail and holding flail breaks from the ranks and runs to the body of the fallen hobgoblins wearing William's armor.

Two more hobgoblins break the line and add their clink of armor and weapon to the sounds of the cavern and dragon's lair. 

The dragon looks to the goblins, the companions to the pool of acid and the floating dragon eggs.

Each egg floats still in the pool of acid.

,,My armor," says William. He runs from the group and into the clearing.

,,William!" snaps Carlos.

Buckey rears hid legs and gallops after William, and Carlos follows with warhammer in hand.

Spear lets out a war cry, lifts bastard sword and follows William.

Kirra shakes head side to side and raaise bow upon the hobgoblin nearing the fallen leader.

Minst searches his sack of components and pulls out thin shim of metal.

Jan walks along the rim of the acid mud surrounding the pool of acid and stands facing the goblins horde.

,,William." Her jaw becomes tense. Her heart beat increases. Myst pivots head side to side and says, "I don't know what I can do? This...I know." Her face relaxes. Her heart beat slows.

Five more hobgoblins break the goblin horde line and run to their leaders body.

The dragon pull head back bending neck then thrusts head forward with head open wide.

William and Buckey near the dead leader.

A stream of acid flows from mouth toward William, Buckey and the dead hobgoblin.

,,SHRAAAAK," barks Minst. He presses palms forward and spread palms in to circles.

Kirra fires a an arrow into the lead hobgoblin rushing at William. The arrow his the hip. The hobgoblin falls and stunbles.

Willaim looks at the dragon, the acid stream, digs heels into the ground. Feet slid through bones, scales and pebbles. Body falls back. Feet hit the dead Goblin leader. 

Buckey gallops wide and stands to a side between the stream of acid and William.

The stream of acid stops a leap away from Buckey hitting an invisible barrier and splashing droplets of acid on Buckey, William, the dead goblin leader and Carlos.

Carlos grabs William. ,,WE GO!"

,,NO," William sits up and grabs the goblins leader and lifts.

Drops of acid speckle skin searing and sizziling the flesh. A big drop hit Buckey burning

The hobgoblins run at the dead leader and William. One behind the two throws sword between legs of the hobgobilngs before. The two stumble and fall. The one passes.

Kirra release bow string. Arrow flies. Arrow misses the hobgoblins passing the two.

The goblins break ranks and run screaming toward William, their dead leader, Carlos, Buckey and the distant dragon. Hobgobins shouts and wave swords holding their distance. A few fight each other swingings swords and fists.

The acid steams stops. William throws the dead hobgoblin over Buckey's back.

,,GO BUCKEY!" William slaps Buckey's rump and pulls out sword.

Carlos grabs William and poisnt to Spear. ,,Follow Buckey. Going to cast out the lights!"

They see the goblins charging. They run after Buckey.

The dragon steps fore legs from pond following its stream of acid. Each step sends a soft vibration through the floor. It's huge head and neck lower. It's wings tighten around body as the body rises from the lake stepping. 

A roar of rage fills the cavern giving a soft push to all and pushing below the sounds of goblins.

Jan stands by the edge of acid and before the rushing goblins. Kirra pulls sword and knife from sheath and scabbard while running at George. Minst lowers plams and pulls them to a fist and reaching for dagger and dagger sheath. Spear, William and Buckey with deader hobgoblins leader flaping and bouncing on back run from the path of the rushing goblins and the reach of the raging dragon to the far edige of the dragon lair near the pool of acid. Myst says, "Help us see the path.

Carlos whistles.

The dragon's lair and the cavern fall to dark.

William stumbls blind through the darkness.

Carlos grabs William, steadies William and pushes William  and Spear agains Buckey, ,,Follow Buckey." Carlos releases hold and run back toward the merging forces.

Ring of light flashes from Mist, spreads, circles around Spear and William.

From red to purple to blue, from hot to cold, shades outline hundreds of goblins running, crawling and pushing toward the dragon. Their head burn red hot with eyesockets and mouths and noses defined with shades from red to orange. Thier swords darker shades of blue deepening from hilt to tip. 

William and Spear see the world in shades of heat.

,,Myst," mutters William as he and Spear look around the cavern. 

The dragons deep red body steps hind legs from pond slaming feet to ground crushing rock, bone and scales.

It lowers head, inhales and exhales a stream of acid as wide as Buckey on to the rushing goblins. Then it steps with pounds and shakes. The horns a long its neck scrape ceiling top as it strids from lake to cavern.

Acid slashes and sprays across the deep lines of goblins running and screaming waving rusted swords and knives. The horde scatters from the path leaving hundreds of goblins crawling, writhing, flopping, twisting and screaming across the ground as their skin burns and sizzles.

The goblins and the dragon clash.

A small group of hobgoblins gather and run toward the cavern wall leading to Myst and Minst.

Kirra steps and stands by Jan. Jan holds her staff to side. Kirra holds knives and daggers.

William, Spear and Buckey stride to Myst and Minst.

,,Now what?" says Minst.

The goblins and the dragon clash. 

The dragon swipes claws in wide swaths tearing and cutting apart goblin after goblin after goblins. 

The goblins surround the feet and legs and stab sword and knife agaist scales. Swords and knives snap hitting scales. Goblins climb up the dragon legs and run from the swiping dragon claws.

William looks at Minst, Spear, Myst. ,,Where's Carlos?"

Spear points at small group of hobgoblins pushing through gobins and hobgoblins along the wall toward them. ,,Those. They are coming for us."

,,Where are they going?" Myst points orange outline hand to Jan and Kirra.

Jan and Kirra run along the edge of the acid mud to the goblins.

Gobins run past the dragon and into the acid mud and crawl and run over each other into the pool of acid meeting the thrashing and screaming in their acid grave.

The dragon swipes goblins after goblins only feeling small pricks and pokes of swords and knifes. The goblins crawl up its legs and onto its back. With a stomp of legs and slam of folded wings on back agains the ceiling of the tunnel, the goblins are crushed or fall to their death only to be replaced by another. 

,,WILLIAM!" hallers spear above the clashing. 

William, starring at the heat outline of the dragon and goblins, snaps head. ,,YES."

,,WHAT DO YOU THINK WE SHOULD DO?" Spear grabs sword and watches the hobgoblin group moving toward them. 

William pivots head side to side. ,,I DON'T KNOW." He looks at Myst. "I don't know."William looks at behind the dragon at the goblins surrounding the pool of acid. "WHERE'S CARLOS!"

Myst sighs. ,,KIRRA AND JAN."

William looks at Spear and follow Spear socket stare to the goblins. ,,YES. WE SHOULD GO WITH KIRRA AND JAN."

Spear nods.

Spear, Myst, William, Minst and Buckey run from cove.

Minst points to the flat sunk ground of acid mud with a light shade of blue against the black space of cave. ,,ACID MUD."

The goblins of the horde rushes down tunnel to wide cavern at at the dragon.

Hobgoblins push out and away from the dragon and step into the split tunnels.

Goblins crawl on goblins and reach and climb on the neck of the black dragon. The hold on to dragon's neck horns and kneel below the horns when the black dragon slams neck against ceiling. They stab the neck and kick the neck and punck the neck slaming broken swords, knifes, feet and hands against the dragon's neck. 

Dragon scales fall in chunks and flakes to the ground with smashed and torn bodies of goblins. 

The black dragon slams side of neck against the ceiling kocking loose goblins hanging on neck horns. It swipes giant clawed hands in sweep swoops through a wide swath of converging gobins. It spits chunks of goblins from mouth and sprays a stream of acid toward ceiling.

Acid drops rain upon the goblins. Dragon claws slice. smash and stab goblins after goblins after goblin.

,,WHERE ARE ALL THE GOBLINS COMING FROM?" Hollers William.

,,OUTSIDE," hollers Spear.

,,BUT WHY?" hollers William.

,,TO ATTACK THE DRAGON," says Myst.

Myst, Spear, William, Minst and Buckey run behind Kirra and Jan.

Kirra feels people behind, looks behind, sees Myst, Spear, William, Minst and Buckey.

The group nears rushing gobins horde.

The horde rushes around the dragon and along the eddges of the pool of water and acid mud funnelling to the dragon's lair walk. The rushthrough the acid mud walking on the fallen to walk fruther and fall and be burned and jump into the pool of acide the scream and shout and then a splash.

,,THERE'S TOO MANY," says William by Jan.

A tear slide from Jan's eye to cheek to chin. ,,THE EGGS ARE GONE."

,,THE DRAGON?" says Minst.

Kirra shakes head.

The group slow steps to the rushing horde.

,,WHERE'S CARLOS?" says Myst.

A pack of goblins run past the compainions.

Kirra raises bow and arrow and pulls back string and aims arrow at a head of a goblin steping over acid burning bodies stuck in mud and floating on acid. She watches the goblins jump into the acid with scream and a shout.

,,The eggs are missing," says Jan.

Minst looks over the rushing horde of goblins flowing non-stop through tunnel, cavern then dragons's lair. He peers at the deeps reds and oranges of heat  raditing from each and defining many. 

Spear swipes sword and decapitates a goblins running against the swing of the sword. The head tumbles. Spear lets the sword hang.

William looks back. 

A group of hobgoblins step from the groups of talking and fighting hobgoblins at the edges of the horde near the walls of cavern. The group of hobgoblins walk into the cove. A goblins radiating defined lines of red and orange lifest a heated hand with a warm yellow swords at William and the group. 

Minst hold up the bone sheath with dagger. ,,I CAN TRY TO TELEPORT US!"

Spear watch the horde pass shaking head side to side. 

Myst looks across the pool of acid and peers along the dragon lair's wall and the rushing hobgoblins. ,,WHERE'S CARLOS?"

The dragon roars. The roar fills the dargon's lair and cavern and tunnel into the open world above.

The dragon sweaps tail knocking ten and hundreds running bettween lake and pool of acid into the lake and the pool of acid or breaking them in half.

The goblins horde fills the space left with the side to side sweeping of the dragon's tail and huge claws. The gobins horde climbs on the dragon covering all but the tail, head and forelimbs with goblins.

The dragon shakes neck with tail tossing goblins left and right while the dragon steps back on to the lake. The dragon sweps head and neck back and peers at the pool of acid. 

The eggs are not on the pool of acid.

The dragon roar peirces. Hobgoblins, goblins and all wince or slaps hands against ears.

The roar fades with the dragons twist and tail swoop.

William looks behind they leave the cove and run toward him and the companions. ,,HOBGOBLINS BEHIND!" 

The dragons turn body passing head over the campanions and goblins to hang over the pool of acid.

William, Myst, Minst duck. Spear stands tall and looks behind. Kirra steps back and grabs Jan's shoulder.,,THE DRAGON WILL FIND IT'S EGGS." 

Buckey's whinney is lost in the hobgoblin and gobin horde while backing away from the dragon.

The dragon peers and scans sight over the pool of acid.

,,THE COVE!" hallers and points to the cove and the apporaching hobgoblins.

Backpeddling with eyes a fixed in the dragon becomes, evading and running to the cover. Kirra pulls Jan, who stares with head afixed behind over the pool of acid and the goblins around the pool of acid. Minst jogs. ,,TELEPORT." ,,NO," says Spear running with William, Myst and Buckey. 

The black dragon roars. It spreads it's wings touching tip to tip.

Goblins fall and splash into water, acid and piles of bones and scales.

Hobgoblins pushes past the rush of gobling pushing to the back of the cavern to the three tunnels. 

The goblins slow the rush, stop then step back and watch the dragon.

The black dragon slams neck and neck horns agaisnt the ceiling, swoops its huge wings pushing body up slamming body into ceiling above acid pool. Its huge wings swoop down pushing a gust of wind. 

Wind pushed down gobins, pushes up and away bones and scanes, and shovers the backs of the campanions running to the cove.

William falls, stands and hollers. ,,ALL THE HOBGOBLINS ARE RUNNING!" He runs with the others.

,,THE COVE!" hollers Kirra.

Chunks of dirt and rocks fall and splash into acid pool.

The companions run into the cove.

The black dragon lands on legs, roars and sweeps arms and claws across and through goblins. The dragon raors and slams dragon's lair roof above the acid pool.

Trees, shrubs, rocks and dirt splash into acid pool.

Hobgoblins and goblins rush way from the pool of acid leaving hundreds of goblins bodies squirming or still up the ground and floating in the book off acid.

,,THE BACK," hollars Spear. Eveyone follows Spear into the cove.

,,DOWN," says Kirra. 

Minst, Spear, Williams, Kirra, Jan, Myst and Buckey press against wall and kneel. Each peer through the darkness to the heat of  the raging dragon and the splash of falling ceiling.

The dragon roars. Its giant legs push and leap up. Its massive wings swoop. Its back, head, neck slams into the ceiling. It lands shaking a vibration, whips tails to a crowd of goblins, steps with gournd pounds into lake from under a faill of dirt, rock, trees and brush from ceiling into acid pool. Its body disappears into the lake. Its tail whips and twists and twirst through air whipping from under the fall of dirt and rock while holding a being by the tip of tail. The tail slides into the water.

Everyone running falls. Everyone standing kneels. All put hands overheads.

Sun beams shine through the rush of the falling ceiling.

Rocks, dirt, trees and shrubs splash into the water and spread over the acid pool piling from pool's edge to the wall and the ceiling.

Rocks and dirt fall on goblins. Trees slam upon the goblin column. Acid splash spray and burn goblins skin.

Dirt and rock spreads base into the cove.

Half the lair's ceiling fallen. Trees sag and sway at edge of lair's roof.

The black dragon splashes  from the lake. Its massive wings spead and swoop pushing gust of winds around the cove and down the tunnel. It flies through through the opening.

The dragon's tail tip bursts from water. Its coiled end wrapped around Carlos.

William, Minst, Spear, Kirra, Jan and Myst look up. They follow the dragon into the brigh sun light.

,,There's Carlos," says William.




