
Branch stands before the group. The gray robe hangns from shoulders revealing no curves. The robes neck high and tight around around the neck like chaste cleric. A gray cap hat tops head. Shrot cropped hair hangs around caps rim. Branches tall long stance stops a head above William. The face long and sharp. Cheek and chin meet at angles. 

William steps past William, makes a fist and pounds the fist on an invible surface. ,,I demand to know why you have imprisoned us!" He stares at Carlos then at Branch.

Carlos looks back, says, ,,It's not an unreasonable demand."

Branch stares at the group gathered by William. ,,No," Branch says.Branch smiles, extends an arm covered in rope sleeve and holds out neckerchief pinched between two long fingers.. "But you may want to wipe the greese on you check."

William grabs the neckerchief and tosses it aside. ,,WHY?" Williams viens pulse. He wipes dirty sleeve over cheek removing turkey juice.

Branch picks up the neckerchief and grabs top ends of neckerchief before William and the group.
  
The dirt stained white neckerchief unravels and reveals a shield monigram in corner.

William swipes the neckerchief and holds the monigram close then holds it out, ,,WHere do you get this?"

,,Buckey," says Branch. Branch walks from the group.    

"Come, I want to sit." Branch walks between poduims, trays, shelves, tables all stacke with blocks.

Branch begins to decend into the floor.

William walks by Carlos and to Branch. Minst, Myst, Kirray, Jan and Spear follow. Carlos walks behind.

The walk throug the square and rectangle blocks on tables, podiums shelves and trays. They walk down steps of concentric circles leading to a circle floor and chairs and a sofa. 

Branch is sitting on the sofa watching the group descend.

William walk to branch. The group stands around William. Carlos sits in a chair and folds arms before chest.

Branch looks up. ,,Please sit William."

,,And if I don't!" Williams face is taut and tense.

Branch smiles then says, ,,Then I will need to look up and you will need to look down."

Shake begins to walk up the stairs of the concentric staircase and walk behind Branch.

Spear folds arms and parts leg stands. Jan sits and folds arms on lap. Minst and Myst find a chair and sit. Kirra begins to walk around looking at the ceiling and the walls and the many boxes and rectangles hanging above. 

,,Comfortable," says Branch. 

Everyone stares at Branch. Branch sits on couch and looks at William. ,,Very well, William." Branch nods and point to the neckerchief. "Thom found the neckerchief on Buckey. I recognized the shield. The monigram. And after inspecting what remained on Buckey and after taking with Buckey I found it wasn't stolen which could only mean the owner of Buckey."

,,I'm not Buckey's owner," states William firm.

Branch smiles, nods. ,,Very well. It was found on you friend. And because it appeared to be a friend of the neckerchiefs owner I was hopping to find Buckey's friend." 

Kirra shakes head. ,,If you were trying to find Buckey's friend then why did you beat Spear and hang us like animals and threaten to eat us!"

Branch sighs. ,,Thom has an averstion against barbarians for that I appoligize. And his talk and actions are needed to keep everyone in order. Branch looks at Kirra. "We not operating a hotel or a stable."

,,It's a theives den," spits Spear.

,,Very well." Branch looks from Kirra to Spear to William. 

,,And the heailng," says Myst. "Why should Reign waste thought on a heathen for something IT deserved."

Shake walks behind Branch and peers at Branch.

"May I continue," says Branch.

William nods.

Branch looks at William. ,,I knew your father."

William looks at Branch. ,,You lie." He steps close to Branch and peers down. "My father wouldn't waste his time with bandits and thievs." He looks to Shake standing on the stairs behind Branch. He looks back a the group. He walks away, stops and looks at Branch. "I'm here. Where's Buckey? Where are my things? I want to go."

,,You're naive," says Branch. 

,,Naive." William's voice raising. "NAIVE." He pivots head. "I will not stand here hand have you insutl my father."

Branch chuckles. ,,Insult. My, my you are your father's son."

,,Stop the lies!" says William stepping to Branch with a closed fist." He points at Branch. "You dishnoer his name everytime you speak of him." William stands before Branch. "You dishonor him by claiming he knew of you and this place and didn't, didn't" William peers at Branching. "Didn't crush it."

Carlos stands from seat and steps to William's side. He grabs William's arm. ,,Careful, William."

William pulls arm from Carlos's grasp and walks away. 

,,Why should we believe you?" says Myst. Myst folds arms before chest. 

Branch looks at Myst. Face is calm and without expression. ,,No reason other than it being the truth."

,,Why should we care," says Shake. He leans to the back rest of the couch near Branches head. 

Branch looks at Willam, ,,The truth needs to be known for William to make a mutually benefitting choise."

,,Bandits," gruffs Spear. 

,,Branch speaks the truth," says Jan. 

Shake looks at Jan, ,,How do you know?"

Kirra peers at Shake, ,,She can sense it."

,,I don't care!" says William, "Where's Buckey?"

,,You will be with Buckey once we are done here." Branch says. 

,,I'm done!" says William.

,,Me, too," says Spear.

,,You're is as stubborn as your father even if it meant ridding the canyon of the goblins," says Branch with an even flowing tone.

William looks at Branch, ,,Goblins." He looks at Carlos. "What have you two been planning for us? HUH?" He glances at Shake and pivots head. "Maybe this IS a plan of yours." 

Carlos sit on a chair and cross legs and arms. ,,You've been with you're parniod rogue." Carlos shakes head. "You got get you mind right, son." 

Kirra steps bettween William and Branch. ,,What about the goblins and the canyon? What about the destruction of the forest?"

Spear looks from Kirra to Branch. Jan sits up.

Shake huffs. ,,This going to be worth copper." He pushes off couch and walks to stand by William. 

Branch looks at Kirra.


Branch says, ,,The goblins and hobgoblins have banded as one tribe. And now that one tribe is beginning to destroy what sense of civility was left in the canyon and beginning to gather in the valley." 

,,One tribe," says William.

Branch looks at William. ,,Yes."

,,How?" William's face relaxes. "Their too chaotic for order."

,,Nothing a strong king or queen can't control," says Branch. "And from all observations that is what is controlling the goblin hord now."

,,And those illusions," says Shake.

,,A witch," says Branch, "Or a warlock. I can never define the sex of a goblin." Branch looks at William. "They are the ones who have destroyed the trail your father paid. The trail that for a brief time revitalized the area."

,,And your trade," says Spear.

,,No," says Branch. "My trade is entertainment and a place to rest."

,,For theives," says William.

,,William," says Myst. "Listen."

Misnt kicks legs out and shifts in seat. ,,Why don't you kill this king and queen?"

,,Good question," says Branch. A smile grows then fades. "To be honest, We of branching are growing into the west canyon. The goblins do not threaten us now. Maybe later."

,,Because you're expendable," says Carlos.

,,Yes," says Branch. "And no one in Branching has the heart or the desire to fight a noble fight."

,,What's in it for us," says Shake.

,,Shake," says Branch. Branch looks at him. "Spoken like a true theif. Always me, me, me. Which i understand." Branch looks to the top of the stairs.

A black clad being walks down the concentric steps holding a tray with a pitcher of water and tall glasses. It walks to Branch, sets the tray on the couch next to Branch. Then walks away.

Branch takes a glass and drinks, says, ,,Please, refresh if you need." Branch drinks more water then looks at Shake then William. ,,I can give you the location of the main tribe camp. I can give you food and weapons. As far as reward. Well, William here begin to open up the valley for trade agian. Jan and Kirra will begin to help the swamp again be a place of beauty. Minst will get the spell book of the witch and a chance to fight. Spear can swing his sword. And you Shake will become a member of Branching Guild."

,,What about Myst and mysefl," says Carlos.

Branch looks at Myst, ,,She will follow William where he goes." She smiles at Carlos, "And you can be bought."

Carlos stands and laughs. ,,YOu haven't spent time with these people." He picks up a glass of water and drinks. He walks back and sits in seat. "And why do you need me with them?"

,,Because you are Carlos the Bearded Dwarf," says branch with a wink. "And I don't believe they could do it without you."

,,Umphf." Carlos stares at Branch. "Given guidance. I'm not needed. They're capable."

Barnch looks over the group. ,,That maybe true, but given the complexity of the illusion and your skill at casting and detecting..."

Carlos nods head.

,,And maybe there will be song that inspires," says Branch.

Carlos drinks the water from glass. He smacks lips. ,,How much?"

,,Ten percent of Branching," says Branch.

,,Ten percent of Branching," says Carlos. He smiles. "A little much for a couple of hobgoblins. No matter how high and mighty."

,,Thom and I want the issue resolved. The horde is spreading faster than Branching."

,,And if I die twenty percent of Branching will be yours."

Branch nods, ,,Fifteen."

Carlos stands, walks to branch with hand extended. 

A long arm lifes robe sleeve and pale hand. 

Branch and Carlos shake hands.

,,I don't like this," says Myst.

,,I agree," says William.

Branch stands. The gray robe falls to a cylinder.  ,,Thank you for your time," says Branch. 







