Runits sleeps in the shade of the sun as cool air blows from the stream tunnel up the shaft.

The wind blows up the shaft and against awnings guiding the wind through open holes and through halls. The wind blows from a breeze to a gust and the light dims to dark.

The dark dim Runtiks thoughts as she lays agains the cool granite walls of the wide cylindars shaft that spans to the sky and a roof.

Runtik dreams of face folding and stretching, of zombies and skeletons of large fireball.

The fireball explodes mind. 

Runtik opens eyes. 

Dark is around. 

Runtik stand. She grabs her back and dagger. She brushes of pants. 

Through the tunnel and up the spiral stares she walks to the hall and in the entrance room the across to s small chamber, a cover, with a basin and a hole int the ground. 

Runtik puts cork in basin and pours water from vase in to bowl. She strips armor. She splashes and rubs water over faces, breasts and but and feet. She splashes and rub and grabs a towl hanging from hook screwed into the granite.  
 
Water drips and runs into hole in the corner.
 
She shits in the corner and washes butt and hand with water in basement. She pulls the basin's cork.

She brushes and whips branching armor. 

Sand sprays over wet floor.

Runtik pull on the branching armor over legs and pulls. Its steel spider silk weaves and tightens around her boy. A few bumps press from her body form.

A few knife bumps rise from hips and on both her forearms. She wraps a butl with smoll compartments. She pulls the hood coif of branchin armo over hears and puts her branching gloves on. 

Runtik dresses in her desert sheets and wraps and covers her head and face. The tan and white cotton sheets hanf rom shouldrs and sway as she fastens back to back. 

Runtik walks from the cube then the entrance room. She grabs a hand full of peanuts and dried cactus and root. She eats and walks to the court yard.

One of the large steel gate is open. Four people wearing field plate and small shields stand by the open gate.

In the court, a person halles a bundle of armor to a cart. 

The cart is hitched to two oxgobins. One of the oxgoblins has a saddle on back.

A cackle laughs from the dearkens near the wagon and oxgoblins. Then a clack of armor hits the wagon.

Johng of the gobinkin says, ,,Runtik to to the wagon. We go. We get you in city without the guard.'' He walks hunched to Runtik. ''Ghrend rides in. Makes two stops. You get bundle on last.'' John coughs and spits. He walks to the guards by the open gates and shouts, ,,STAND!''

The guards stand, and Runtik walks to the wagon. 

A person ties a bundle of amror to side and walks from wagon. Then walks into moon ight shadows and into the barn door. 

Runtik steps on the wagon back and walks way to a step. On the step armor lays. Runtik lays on the wagon bed and slithers at the step. 

The step's board bress back with hinge, and Runtik crawls into a box half the length and the full width of the wagon.

She bend knees.

The board door flaps shut.

Runtik lays and armor and weapon bundles are loaded onto wagon. 

Fumes of oxgoblins shit flow through the cracks between the wagon slats.

Runtik thinks away the smell. In meditation, she lay until the wagons jerks and the oxgoblins maon and clop along the granti ground to the sand stone ground and the streets.

Sounds of surface talk, laughters, shouts, oxgoblins blusters and hooves clomping.

oil fumes flow heave with pork fat and spicey yellow root frume. 

runtik eats root and a chunk of bread. She peaks through hole

Torch lights burn the night bright and illuminate windows and people. People walk the street, sit at tables, talk in circle and work. People walk and roll along the streets.

The wagon stops along the streets once. Armor is unloaded. Ghrend talk with a big hugobins wearing fullplate and a horned helmet. The talk about armor. The hugoboins offers Ghrend a beer, but Ghrend raises palm and shakes head.

The wagon pulls on along the streets then stops.

Constables surround the wagon. One pokes a sword through some of the bound pieces of armor and swords.

The wagon rolls forward through the gates of the white wall. The oxgoblins pull the wagon along a street woth granite buildings to one side and a granite wall to the other. 

Other wagons roll along the path. Other people walk along the path. Tall torches burn on posts along the board walk before the grantie buildings. 

People hauling stacks on back step along the road. 

From the buidings, laughter and songs play and play.

People call out, ,,IT'S DIRNKING TIME.''

A few people stumpl against the wagon.

Ghrend shouts and throws a rock at the people stumbling and leaning against wagon.

The wagon rolls along the street. The people span to a few. The sounds calm to oxgoblin hooves and idle chatter. A few windows shine bright from the three level tall granit buidings. 

Then the wagon stops.

Ghrend's gruff dwarblin voice says, ,,We be here.'' Ghrend grabs a bundle of armor and swords. He pulls the bundle. ''All clear.''

As the bundle slides along the bottom of the wagon, Runtil slithers from the box and crawls with the bundle.

Runtik rolls and steps to ground. She grabs the bundle from Ghrend and hauls in from the carts, the streets into an alley between two stone buildings.

The allye is littered with rotted food and waste, sacks and boxes broken and whole. 

Runtik steps on a pile of root wraps as Ghrend whips the reighns of ox goblns, and the wagon rolls on.

Runtik steps on and steps to her Wane at the intersection of the alley.

The bundle over back scrapes the sides of the two grannit buildings.

Then Runtik scrapes her foot along the ground until she kicks a grate.

She kicks back some boxs and a bag, kneels and with one arm grabs a latch and lifts.

The gate lifts, and the armor and weapon bundle is tossed into the whole.

A click splashes.

Runtik kneels grabs edges of rot piss covered walk way and lowers into hole. Her gloved hand grips edge of hole, and other hand grips the lift grate, and body swing. 

She releases, pulls on the grate. She falls.

The grate slams closed.

Runtik's feet splash a piss puddle. She grabs the armor and throughs in over the desert wraps.

Through the darkness and counting out the steps she walks to the Rise, the Wane, the Wax and walks the darkness counting strides. Her feet kick piles of muck here. Her eyes see torch light, bottoms of hooves and a streams of water flowing through the grates.

She walks and stops before an end. 

A grate above illuminates moon light through the bars to the granite wall covered in slime and the granite floor covered in sludge.

Runtik crouches, puts hand into a hold of sludge by wall. Fingers spread through mucky hairy slime and grabs a ring fitting for two fingers. She pulls the ring.

A click clacks. 

Runtik puses the stone wall, and the stone wall swings. She tosses and pushes the armor through a narrow opening then slide between hte stone, pushes back gains stone door.

The stone swinging door clicks closed.

Bright light shines blinding Runtik. 

A force surrounds Runtik.

Then a rush of click, clacks and surface talk words fill her sences like she's in room full of screaming people. >GO LEAVE IS THAT GONE HERE YOU IT BLAI JO KJAAHD FDA IDA IDA GO HELP SEE DIE FEAR SIDEE DAT R WWWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.<

Runtik sees the force in mind and twises the force from her arms and legs. She sends a shout. >YOU LEAVE.< She squints. 

Then there is silence and free movement.

The sunlight bright rays blind. 

Runtik visors hand and peers through the light to three sihlouettes. 

Three sihlouettes stand in a circle room before a steel door.

The dim light shines above ans archway to darkness. The light doens't peneatrate the beyond the archway. In the room, the lights shines shadows from two podiums on sides of the room. The darkwas shadow the light.

Two of the sihouettes  step into the shadows caste from two podiums and become part of the shadow.  One sihlouette steps before Runtik.   The dim light shines over the shoulders of the being. The light shines the edges of the beigns black body suit and a black mask.

Runtik feels in her mind like her body extends and spans like flowing water thought that flows and grows into the shadow. >Run. You walk with me, Know.<

>Know, I walk with you.<

Know steps before Runtik and they steps through the shadow door. The disappears into the darkness.

In the darkness, whispers click and laughs around the head and mind. Through the darkness they feel to float.

The whispers silence.

Light shines. Light dims.

Dim lights from canlde flames burning from chandaller hanging in a round room with stone walls rises to a dome top. From the dome top the chanller hangs.

The chandaller's light spreads over the dome. The dome base spanse twenty steps wide at base. Four dark archways spand from floor to a head taller than Runtil in the wall. The archways are places at equall sides flowing to the center.

From the center, a wood round tables circles with twenty wood seats. Coold stone briks span over the floor and fill the empty space between the round table and the curved bookshelves and tables along the walls of the dome. 

The wood bookshelves and tables cruve with the circle and the rise of the dome like steps out words. The book shelves are full of books with even spines with similar color spines ordered along the wall nearly like a ranbow. The tables hold open books, cadles ticks, boxes and a few glass cases. 

Runtik drops the armor and weapon bundle on the stone with a clash. She steps and was the books and reads the spins.She then looks at the modle of a pirate ship in a bottle. She taps on glass. She pulls of the wraps and sheets of the desert cloths leaving her int her tight branching armor. She pulls back the coif and hood. She stares and stares a the glass and sees Know.

Know behind Runtik and stands and blends with shadow of a statue near the archway entered

Runtik lets her fluid thoughts feel to create a force feeling like water, but feeling like electrcity. 

Runtik sits and reads back agains books, closes eyes and lets her body span.

Beyond time, her thoughts feel the table, the chair, the lights and toward the darkness. Whispers enter her mind.

The whispers flow...

,,RUNTIK,'' says a calm loud voice. ''We are here for you.''

Runtik feels her elecric fluid force filling the space between the objects, pull within and wake her mind.

Runtik says, ,,Grisle and Inle.'' She opens eyes to see Inle and Grisle

Grisle steps and stares at Runtik and sees to her mind. >The silver hand in The Rooms Royal with the other humanoids. The see about you, but are wanting to leave.<

Inles says, ,,Runtik, I see you have survived your punishment and are free once again.''

Grisle scowls and Inlse and steps to the pile of armor. He kicks the amrmor.

Runtik says, ,,The contract will be fulfilled once they are in Shiptik. We will get payment then.''

Grisles sees to all. >We sell this amror.<

Runtik snorts and laughs a giggle. ,,You, Grisle, want to be trimmed from branching for cancelling a contract.''

Inle glances at the bundle of weapons and armor. ,,It would not be the first time that a contract of branching was broke by members.''

Runtik steps to the bundle of armor and weapons. ,,I will not be the frist twig to let few leaves fall because I break a contract with Branching.'' She grabs the bundle of armor and throws it over back. ''Did everyone leave the caravan before it got attacked by the Helix Council.''

Inle smiles and says, ,,Yes, we didn't have a fatality in the entire train. All those unknow people being the pawns of who ever wants these silver hands dead or alive
.''

>We are all pawns of the silver hands,< sees Grisle. He glances at Runtik and walks to the table and sits.

Runtik says, ,,We are pawns to us.'' She looks at Grisle and Inlse. ''Branching is our connection. A connection I break when I don't want to do the act asked of me.'' She looks at Grisle. ''Pawns have no choice.''

,,Yes,'' says Inle. ''Pawns have no choice and we are not pawns and now we-''                                

Grisles sees, >YOU SIlENCE.<

,,Yes,'' says Runtil. ''Your siilence will help us controlles of fate control our fate.'' 

Inle shrugs.

Runtik says, ,,Is there a leaf on the other side of the dark arch?''

,,You will find on waiting for you to enter,'' says Inle.

Runtik smiles. ,,I do like when people wait for me.''

Inle raise arm and points to a dark arch, grins, ,,Through the dark arch and you will find a little leaf on a bed waiting for you.''

Runtik walks toward the darkarch. 

Grisle sees to Runtik. >You grab your cloths.<

Runtik says, ,,Grisle, I have not to time to find the where the laundry pot is located. I must go.'' She steps to Grisle. She grabs Grisle's crotch and rubs. Her voice flows like honey from the tongue. ''For this rub will you carry to a laundry pot?'' Grisle snorts and walks toward a dark arch.
          
Know steps from the dark dressed in Know's black body suit, grabs the sewer stained desert cloths and carries them to another dark archway.

Grisle stands and stares. >You need leaf to fall through the dark.<

>No,< sees Runtik. She says, ,,YOu will received payment from the Roots through the Trunk once the contract is complete,'' as she walks into the dark archway.

Darkness and whispers surround as warm air feels to blow around. Runtik's mind sees through a gray haze toward a light and steps into the light.

The light glows in a closet. 

The closet is twice as wide and and long enaough for Runtik to half steps.

Runtik grabs a handle, turns handle and steps from stand wooded closet to a small room.

The small room glows dim from candle lights near a stand near a sigle wooden bed. 

An elfblin lays in the bed. Her eyes are closed and breath slow. White muffler and head scraf lays on head and is unravelled over bed. 

Next to the bed is stand with light and chamber pot. There is a small table near a door. On the table is a plate of food and water. Below the stand near the door is a pack.

The elbin opens eyes and stares at Runtik. 

Runtik lays the armor and weapons bundle on the ground.

Withouth word or motion, the elfbin rolls from bed and stands. Her height is nearly as tall as Runtik. She unwarps the head scarf and the sheet and desert body wrops and lets them fall to the floor revealing a tight black bodysuit. 

Runtik grabs the desert wraps on flor and dresses as the elfblin opens the standing closet door.

The elfblin pulls a ring of two keys from pocket and tosses them on the bed.

At the back, I darkness spreads over surface.

The elfblin steps into the closet and into darkness of the back wall. 

Runtik shuts the closet doors, steps to the side of the bed and pulls the bed from wall. Then she tugs then puehs closet into the corner where the bed once was. She pulls and pushes the bed to the far wall. She then yanks on the closet and pulls the back of the closet to pivot and face the center of the room.

Runtik opens the closet doors.

A wood back spans inside. 

Runtik grabs the bundle and tosses it inside the dresser. She grabs the key and locks the dress drawer.

She wraps the desert dress around body covereing her branching armor and part of her face. She wiggles dagger free from wrist sheath. She presses ear against door.

A few mumbled voices in the hall beyond the door to Runtik's wane.

Runtik stands until the voice quiet, a door shuts and foot steps walk away. She opens door as walks hall to stairs spiraling up two levels to a door. 

She knocks on door. She castes a thought force thought to door and sees. >Guile, open the door. it is Runtik.<












