Branching branches through the tree branches and the dirt and stone ground. Branching is long wide halls, large rooms and small rooms.

The wide long halls, large rooms and small rooms are connected by teleport pads and teleport nodes. The teleport pads are marked with areas of bare oak and covered in a harded glaze. The teleport nodes are object connected by a connection to the time dimension. 

The teleport nodes transfer one being or a group of beings from one node to another node. The activation of the nodes requires a key beheld by the one. One may take me from node to node if flesh to flesh contact with one on one or in a chain of people holding hands. Every node has two destinations, the default and the emergency. The emergency location of Branching Teleport Nodes is not know.  

The teleport pads connect with teleports pads. The teleport pads caste the senses of the desdination teleport pad before teleporting thus creating the illusion one is walking from one long hall to another, one room to another room, one hall to one room. The destination from teleport pad to teleport pad can and does change using forces as mysterous as the magic used to create them.

Thom, the ogre mage, is the only known ruler of Branching. It is whipsered in the dark halls that the members of Branching's guild at one time during their membership met with one Thom calls Branch. No one having had met Branch doesn't give the same descriptoin as another much the same way Branching changers. They all remember a feeling of calm and ease and power beyond comprehension.

Branching's size is also beyond comprehension for no single member has been inside every hall or room. And only a few have been inside's alway's largest room, the Trunk, the first room created.

A creation that is as lost in time. Some believe one hundred seasons ago Trunk was created.  Other believe thousands of seasons ago it was create. Since that time Branching has branched from the Trunk to spread in tree and rock from the swamp to the West Entrance of the Canyon and some rumor and whisper around the plant and in other dimensions.


