,,He Hastens,'' says Kirra.

,,The poison is less,'' says Jan.

William doen't hear. William and Shake stare. William stands from food and table and steps from the pack following a smiling Shake's path through the tables to hung and fist pound backs.

,,I've BEEN WAITING!'' says Shake with explosive joy. His smile brings notes to Myst's song playing F flate vibs from her mind to the room.

,,Shake. You are a sight that I thought would never been seen again,'' says William. He throws and arm over Shake's shoulders and leads him to the table.

,,It's SPEED,'' says Shake.

Myst stares and resists the smile that Minst expresses.

Minst smiles, ,,Shake.'' He stands.

,,IT'S SPEED, MINST!'' says Shake. He opens arms and they hug.

Minst nearly gags from Shake's smell. ,,Where have you been?''

,,Here and there. Trying to find a way to Waterdown,'' says Shake. His eyes open wide and grin nearly touches ears. ''You.'' He looks at William. ''Did you cause the ruckus last night that I've heard about?''

,,Yes, my friend. We were fullfilling an obligation of a new friend.'' William points to the bench. ''Sit. We have food.''

,,If he doesn't spoil it,'' says Myst underbreath only loud enough for Spear.

Spear smile and eats looks at his food, his bastard sweord and the chisseled wooden armor of the rose warriors then at Guile.

Guiles stands near the stairs and watches Shake.

Guile sees Spear, William, Minst, Myst, Jan, Kirra.

Spear's wide chest slims to dense waist and thights. His bicep pull and spread and woven black mess than spread and pushers thin segments of wooden plates that curve with his shoulders and over his broad chest cut with muscles. Big hands hold plat and grab food. His wide strong jaw chews food. Thin lips spread to dimples. Spear sits with repose and not flinching when two people pass by. He only eats and glances with Myst and at the two people as thay pass behind Minst's and William's backs.

William's tall stature stands taller than most because his posture is straight. His hide pants and hide coat fit tight around a body tall and big, but not wide and swealing like Spear. His eyes shine when they stare and dim only when he looks away. And away the side porfile that is nearly perfect to put on coins is cast. His movemenst fluid between the poses that he holds. The dirt on his face blends with his dark hair. 

Minst's tall boy looks to tower, but is only an thump width taller than william. His skinny frame and narrow features draw height hight tight around the skin. Longer fingers and features etch along deep dark skin. His green eyes twinkle sunlight. His mouth smiles quick and calm. He stares intent. He slides his hand into the 

Myst's shoulder lenght hair almost shimmers from the fire light to frame the illuminated pale skin dirt and wrinkle free. Hazel eyes show blue and green while the full lips brink pink to tone. Eye lashes look to futter when she blinks and stare is felt but not seen. Her petit body sits like  clothing hanging from line. She flows with the wind as she eats and never seems to get her fingers stained with greese.

Jan's frame is near petite if it weren't for the curve of butt and thighs curved around and covered with a fuzzy green, brown, white and black rope that smells like dirt. Her light brown skin flows to from rop to curled hair beginning to grow a finger length from scalp. Her round face and checks give symetry to the room. He calm and focus feels as still as the wood statues carved above the doors.

Kirra's statues of lens muscle covered with tight leahter dotted with dull steel studded is more stone than wood. Her braided hair pulls tight agains scalp in rows from face to neck. He stare everywhere. He hand ready to pull knife and stab. Mud, blood and stains flesh around the edige of light brown boots tied near kneef. A bow on back of Kirra nearly pokes Shake. 

Shake's hand hits bow tip. His stain, worn, torn, frayed and stinking pants, hang over boots rolled tight around thin calves. skin is pulled tight over bony face, neck, arms, finger. Cloths hanges. And sunken eyes look about.

Guile hears quick thoughts from their minds, <People. All the people. They need to room. ...Skinny. Haste. Alive. ...Where did he go? Is he okay? Will he like our tale? ......Shake no longer. No. Where are we? What just happened? Will this change William? ...Red. Pale. Smooth. ...There is some thing. Something amiss. Who's that with Shake. ...>

Shake point's back to Guile. ,,My friend, Haste.'' 

,,Speed and Haste,'' says Myst with a smirk. ''This is the punchline of a joke.''

Spear glances at Myst. ,,His spirit is true. And you wouldn't be playing the drums.''

Guile hears their talk as he steps toward Spear, William. Guile doesn't hear Kirra or Jan talk to each other.

Like a whisper between eating, Kirra says only to Jan. ,,Haste is Han's son.''

Jan says with breath from nose and mouth. ,,Yes.''

Minst says to to Guile. ,,Are you Han's son?''

,,I am Haste,'' says Guile.

Guile stands by Shake.

The buzz in Shake vibrates body with pleasure. Shake feels only the slow and steady in life then the buzz dims and slows and fades. He stands with willliam and feels slow and dirty and stinky. Shake taps, rubs away the wax top of the vial in pocket.

,,I need to bathe,'' says Shake. ''It was a long couple sun rises. It has been a long road we travelled.''

,,Sit,'' says William with smile.  He winks at Shake. ''We sit near the fire and let the smoke hide all our smells.''

,,Smoke will not hide that smell,'' says Myst before bitting into salted root.

Spear says loud, ,,Shake. You stink like you have been adventure.'' Spear stares with Myst letting dimples show. He grabs a chunk of cured meat around rib and steps to hearth. ''Food?''

Shake shrugs and jerks head back. ,,I like the mid day food.''

,,Are you staying here?'' says Minst as he follows Shake to the hearth's edge stepping before Guile.

Guile stands and steps back and stands. 

Kirra looks at Guile and eats with Jan they share bread and roasted nuts. They listen to the fire and Shake.

Shake says, ,,Yes. We are staying here.'' Shake glances back to Shake. ''It's a good place.''

Minst looks at the tapestries hanging along the rails of walkway, the relief carvings and statues, the gold rimed torces burning and fastening to wall with bronze. ,,The reliefs are like the reliefs inside the were vein?''

Shake feels Guile's rage sting from Guile. ,,No talk of adventure many in hear would want to plunder.''

,,We always talk the goblin army,'' says William clenching gauntlet and smacking fist.

,,No.'' say Shake. ''Goblin talk should remain silent.'' He stares at William. ''Haste may have heard their clicks out by the out hud.''

,,Illusion when you're caste under spell of Speed,'' says Myst.

,,The speed damages my thought and scribbles my mind,'' says Guile.

,,It's true. We talk later.'' Shake looks from William to Myst to Guile to William. ''I have heard from many people the globlin from has slowed from winter. Or so that is believed. People want to take the passes.'' Shake pauses and realizes he has told the tale of burning the goblin tower. ''How did you get hear?''

,,We saved a concerend fellow from this town after he fell into the river,'' says William.

,,Another hero tale,'' says Shake as he feels the buzz tickle his back. ''Did you create the ruckus last night?'' He scratches back.

,,In deed, we did cause the wall to shift and slide'' says William.

,,What else have you done?'' says Shake then he glances at Guile.

,,How are you paying the your room?'' says Myst.

,,I tell tales of our adventures,'' says Shake. Shake pauses with thought of him telling all of the burning tower.

,,About the goblins,'' says Myst. ''About the tower. About all we've done. Now we're not suppose to talk about goblins..''

Shake sits on the hearth letting Myst's questions go unanswered and words silent. He looks at William. ,,I have told tales of our adventures but only with one hero, William of Westmore.''

William sits on the hearth edge. ,,What?'' says William with a half smile and a near laugh.

Spear bellows between chews, ,,You're a hero,'' He slaps Willoma the back.

Myst calls out, ,,Are you trying to be Carlos?''

,,Carlos is a theif that only wants to steal the small shield.'' Shake says feeling the rush of thought vibrating from the buzz that hums body.
He leaves back turned side and back turned to Myst. ''And he's controlling you with that glove,'' says Shake. 

,,Then explain the light I saw when the guantlet fell before me. Or in the forest before my spells of rage,'' says William.

,,Carlos is an illusionist,'' smiles Shake.

,,NO,'' says Myst. ''I won't her you play discord to my song of Reighn. Those light played too many notes to be lies of an illusions in the story of weak spell woven mind.''

Shake glances at Myst, ,,Can't be good when eveyone believes you bad.''

,,Or maybe you're just bad,'' says Myst.

,,Myst,'' he says. ''Shake, please refrain.

,,Less talk and more eating,'' says Kirra.

,,More eating,'' Spears bites meat and stands to sit at bench.

,,Sit and eat with us,'' says William.

,,No,'' says Shake. ''I would like to bathe in hotwater and oil. Get a scrub down from a lady.''

,,Very well, Shake...Speed,'' says William.' ''Very well, Speed.''

,,Speed,'' says Myst. ''That's fitting.''

Shake looks at William and smiles, then glances at Guile. ,,I'll be in the room. Find a bath.''

Guile nods and steps to the bar.

,,A friend of Speed is a friend of ours,'' says William stepping toward Guile.

Guile walks to the bar, sits and orders eggs, bacon and smoke root with water. He lets the echo of the thoughts talk to silence as the sight and mind begin to think of Jaxel's body, movement, the feeling of controlling another's body. He feels the detatchment of yesternight. He draws and maze then creates relief image with the lines of the moving people while creating the process and acts of how to control another's mind to control their body.

William's body stands still then moves after Guile sits at the bar.

Minst looks at Guile and says to William. ,,Is that Hern's son?''

William sits with Minst. He watches Shake walk the stairs to the ceiling until he eats in silence with the pack.

Shake feels the buzz of meeting then a relief of being alone agian as he walk the walk the staircase to the intersection parting the flower adorne tapestry. Shake the buzz makes him itch and scratch he does down the hall to the door to corner room.

The room door is a ajar and a humm comes forth.

Shake without care pushes open the door and walk in.

A man as thick as Spear and as tall as Shake wipes cloth over the table near the window. He whistles and move to a beat then says, ,,Speed, Coal wish to speak with you if you have a moment.'' The person neither looks back nor misses a beat with the sway of his wipes over the post of the bed's head board.

Shake sees his pack and a bundle near the door. The woolsheet is rolled and rests by feet. ,,Where's Coal?''

,,In the bathing room,'' says the man.

Shake nods as the buzz pushes thought into a debate of why Coal is in the bathing room when Shake wanted to go take a baths. The thought twists and becomes a fragment that is silenced when the man cleaning speaks agian.

''The bathing room is right from the stairs. Then left near the end of the hall. You will hear his humming,'' says the man.

Shake's follows the hall the the humming to a door part open. He pushes the door and walks into steam and sound of humming.

The door opens to a room. Steam flows from a basin in the middle of the room. The basin is surrounded  four tables as tall as Shake's chest and as long and wide as Spear. Then in the cornor are three basins as deep as the tables are tall. Seats stand by the basins. And from the basins a tapestry of naked men and women run through snow and trees. Pipes and stone pillars stake to the cieling of the room. A being with hair on back lays on a table. A woman wearing only a robe tied at waist rubs and hits the hair and back of the being.

The hum stops. ,,Shake,'' says Coal. ''Come join me the only way a morning should be had.''

Shake follows the voice to the far basin letting the mind buzz to thoughtless ness and action proceed.

Coal lays in the basin with his knees poking out and head resting on a pillow at the rim of basin. ,,Get in. Enjoy. People pay copper for a bath these days.'' He opens eyes and stares at Shake. ''You get it for free.''

Shake nods. Shake stands. 

Coal closes eyes and begins to humm again.

Shake looks at a tray near Coal's basin covered with bottles and towels as he unfassens belt, unties wrap around boots and part pulls and peel leather and undergraments from skin.

His pale white  skin wraps around ribs and bones making him appear a skelton. 

,,Once inside, pull the cork at the bottom and the basin will fill,'' say Coal. ''Push the cork back when the basin is near full.

Shake steps into the basin and pulls the cork, and water fills the basin.

Warm water lifts over his skin calm the buzz to a low vibrate and letting the speed slow. 

,,The water comes from the aquiducts you see above the town. Those small bridges. The water flows to only a few of the buildings. The originial ones here. The water still flows on the aquiduct near this building which is rare these day. Most people have their bathhouses in the ground if they exist at all. Not here. Here we've got it all...''

Water fills near the top of basin, and Shake pushes the cork into the hole.

Coal continues... ,,Much of the town has gone to waste. And it is the goblins. They've been in this town probably before the first of these people arrived.'' He looks at Shake meeting Shake's stare. ''That's right, Speed. Or shall I say Shake, not only do I hear all that goes on in my building, but I see all that goes on beyond these walls. It was near the last birth time that I seen my first goblin. Now daily more seem to come. And their illusions are good. Takes a friend to point them out to me.'' He lets the words sink into Shake as Shake watches the clear water become light brown.

Shake's begins to rub free the grim as fast as possible focusing only on all the dirt that is still on skin.

Water splashes to floor.

Coal speechs with the splats. ,,Don't get too carried away or in love with yourself or you'll rain on someone below. Right on the card table all this falls.'' Coals reaches and lifts a bottle and tosses it into Shake's basin. ''YOu'll need this.'' Then he stands from the tub and steps naked from tub to a robe. ''Collect your friends and get them to your room. We need talk about goblins, them and how their presence here. There was a murder last Cycle of a friend. That with the actors and you friends showing up. The fall of the wall. And you finding goblins makes me believe the planets may be aligned for change.'' He grabs a towel and ru hair. ''Take your time. Enjoy your bath. Then get down and bring your friends up for a talk. It'll be worth their time and lives. Maybe I got something they needs to know? Maybe not?''Coal walks away. ''I'll bring some new cloths. Cleaner. Probably fit better.''

Shake lays in water and watches the water lose its steam, the oil seperate and his skin become clean.

A man steps through door and steam. He wears black pants; a jacket not fit for the cold; and a bow tied around neck and tucked under white coller. He carries on forearms folded cloth and leather. 

A pair of boots lay on top of folded cloths.

The man steps to chair near shake and puts folded cloths on top. And with the swirl of steam, the man walks away.

Shake leans over and peers at cloths. He watched the man pass through door frame. ,,Are the cloths mine?'' says Shake. 

Water from nose drips to metal covered floor. Hand reaches for the cloths.

Water drips from hand to metal covered floor to wood floor and grabs the boot. 

Thick hide feels to slide soft through fingers. ''THANKS!'' says Shake as he reaches and grabs the top of the clothings stack pulling a thin hide body suit the color of the sun. 

Shake reaches and grabs a long brown vest; a white cotton shirt that had puffed sleeves the funnel to a laced cuffes; thick hide pants more dense than the boots; and coat of leather cherry oak in color, but leather in smell. He puts the leather against nose and inhales, closes eyes then opens them looking at the door then at the man rubbing the hairy back of the being laying on table. 

The being laying lifts a rock with hand shovel and tosses it into a basin.

Steam fills the room.

The leather coat feels like soft fur. 

Shake stands and grabs a towel and steps to the metal floor. He wipes fast the body then steps to wood dripping a few drips to wood. He looks to door then puts on cloths. 

The body garment feels to slide over body and form to and stretch around feet and hips. The pants expand and bend with flex of knee as if naked. The boots pull over foot and calves to knees wrapping and holding foot. The shirt and fest button tight to chest. 

Shake looks at the door then the man rubs back of being. He grabs the coat and his dagger, the woolsheet and old cloths.

Steam rises. It feels to calm the buzz through Shake's being.

The steam buzz follows Shake from room and steam and along hall to Shake's corner room.

The room is empyt and clean. The bed tucked tight. The food dishes missing. 

A stench of rot, piss and shit spread to Shake's nose. 

And Shake throws old cloths to ground then walks to cloths and pulls the vial from pocket that finds its way into the new pants' pocket.

A buzz from hand through being vibrates and homes like a tuning fork before a show. 

Shake slides knife and sheath into boot. He grabs new coat and ten gold coin pouch and walks from room think to lock, but feeling to to not as he was to and down the stairs. 

The coat is put over shoulders and the pouch of gold put into a pocket on the inside.

The buzz feels the cover of coat and vibrates the body and mind to prime for the stage that Shake sees below.

Then there is light and smoke and loud talking.

The stairs descend past the balcony then to the stage where people eat, drink, stand, sit and talk. They talk around shake. They talk around hearth, the talk near bar, the talk around card tables they talk and sit along the bench tables.

Jan, Kirra, William, Minst, Myst, Spear sit along bench and heat. They stare, watch, peer and eat. They listen.

They hear laught, coughing, stories, lies and people saying the name Haste and point to Guile and saying the name Speed and pointing Shake. The names are said with smiles. ,,...SPEED. He's, he's got more story than Carlos the barded dwarf,'' they hear from one of many behind William arond the hearth.

William says breaks the pack's silence to call turn and call out to one by the edge of hearth base.

The called to whears furs and broad sword nearly as large as Spear's bastard sword. A big stomach barrels to a chest with a bread covering neck and face.

,,You know of Speed the Bard,'' smiles William loud enough for voice and stare to get the attention of the warrior.

,,I know his tales of fake heroes and hope.'' The warrior smiles. ''Hope he told.'' He looks at William. ''Seen him put on a play that almost real.'' His eyes peer at William. ''There was blood and tension and a crowd that wanted to burn down this very room.'' He laughs a laugh that silences some talk. ''Then...'' The laugh settles. ''Then the actor dies and peace and hope is had!'' He looks away from William and nods at another being dressed like and as big as but with out the beard. They talk sounds with clicks and humms.

William looks over the table at Kirra, Minst, Myst then Spear. ,,Been out less than a few rotations, and he has people comparing him to Carlos.''

Spear says before last swallow, ,,He's something to the people in here. People here appear strong.''

,,Appear,'' says Myst. She lays a bit of bread upon plate. The talk and laughter of room plays a disjointed song against the stready, strong beat
of Myst's heart. The should of Shake and talk of Shake strikes a cord in her mind. It causes a harmony from the song of Reign created by the ambients sounds, but creats a discord with her own song. The song Myst feels near causes her to hit hand to drum. Instead she says, ''I hope only we are not to be in another tale of going to jail.''

,,Is that Shake?'' says Minst.

,,You mean Speed?'' smiles William.

Minst smiles and looks at Shake.

Shake walks from the stairs and to Guile's. People nod and raise a mug to Shake. They step out of way to create a path to Guile.

Guile sits at bar and eats. His mind finds matching movement and gestures of talk and movement. He listens to the low talk and hight talk. He burps and eats, fart and hears his stomach grumble after a third helping of pie. The sounds of stomach are nearly loud than Shake speaking.

Shake talks loud, ,,I had a talk with Coal. He has some feeling talk with my friends in our room.''

Guie stares forward.

''And I got these new cloths,'' says Shake.

Guile nods.

Shake puts body between Guiles and some being with long braided hair and tits. He leans close and says only to Guile's ear. ,,Will you please come and read Coal's mind?''

Guile smiles. He sips water and stares forward. ,,Don't trust?''

,,No,'' says Shake. He looks at the bartender behind the bar and nods. 

A glass is set on par and spirits poured. 

Shake winks, sips, says, ,,It's either a warning or a trap. If it's a trap we will want to know if we need to leave.''

Guile stairs forward. He nods. He looks over shoulder and through the crowd standing and shifting to see Minst, Spear and William. ,,Friends.'' He looks at Shake. ''They feel...''

,,Can't be good when only one think you bad,'' says Shake. He lets the booze slide though mouth and throat. He walk slides glass over bar and walks to the table and the pack.

Jan sees Shake and smiles. She feels the buzz from Shakes body create and energy that jumps and spikes against the natural flow of life. She smells the mint throught the smoke of tobacco, Grub and wood.

,,Shake,'' says Kirra from side of mouth while other chews.

Jan nods. 

Minst looks to side moving back and forth ot look past people standing shoulder to shoulder.

Two standing shoulder to shoulder part for Shake.

Shake steps betweeen Kirra and Jan, who sit at the end of the table. He loud talks, ,,Did you enjoy the food?''

,,SPEED, TELL US A STORY!'' hollers the big being with beard sitting at hearth's edge behind William.

Another shouts, ,,A STORY FROM SPEED!'' and still another, ''STORY!''

People look at Shake. The pack looks at Shake.

Shake looks at the pack then spins, steps and leaps on top of the heaths ledge. He walks along the edge stepping over mugs. ,,A tale,'' he says only loud enougfor those around the heart. He stops step near William's back. ''I have a tale, but that tale has not end. But first I must talk of adventures with my friends.'' He looks around the near crowd.

All stare at Shake.

''A tale of meeting Branch of Branching will be told before the sun rise to its zenith.'' He looks at William. ''It will be a tale that will warm you to the Sun.'' He steps from the hearth to William.

,,Good show,'' says William with wides smile and dimples. He stands to face Shake. ''You have made a place for yourself. I can only hope if we adventure again that you will journey with us.''

Shake leans close as the talk around begins to spread again. ,,We should go to my room and talk.'' He leans closer. ''It's quiet.''

,,Yes,'' says William leaning back. ''We should talk.''

,,Now,'' says Shake. ''With a friend. Coal, the owner.''

Williams smiles. ,,Then we go.'' He puts an arm over Shake.

,,All,'' says Shake. 

William looks back from Spear to Kirra. He exhales near a sigh looking at Shake. ,,I will speak, but it may come to pass that only I will be following you to your room.''

,,What happened with the wall?'' says Shake.

,,Our journey has been long though time no longer than a few cycles of the sun,'' says William.

Shake steps by William and sits in his seat. He look at Myst then Minst and at Kirra.

Kirra looks away. 

,,I have a room upstairs. It is a master suit. Room enough for all and a place for private talk.'' Shake leans on eblows.

Minst says, ,,What kind of tales have you told?'' He smiles and wipes hand with a cloth under tray. 

Shake's buzz nearly shakes him from seat. His mind leaps with words, ,,More than I have ever told or sung to such a grand audience.'' He leans on elbow. ''I even sang
 a song I created as I rode into town on the back of a horse.''

,,What's the song?'' says Minst.

,,What do you want?'' says Myst. 

,,I want to talk. And I have a friend that would like to talk. Nothing more. You can hate me all you want, but you don't know anyone else in town.'' He glances at Spear, Kirra, Minst then looks at Myst. ''Unless there is no longer a desire to see an end to the plague of goblins and the small shield.''

All look off here and there. They meet glances and look to another.

,,I am still seeking answers to the mystery. If it be that we travel into the goblin lair then the journey I will begin,'' says William as he leans close to table. He looks at Jan.

Jan looks at Kirra. Kirra looks at Jan then Shake. Shake looks at Kirra then Minst. ,,Lots of fighting. Lots of stories to create and for others to tale.''

Myst looks at Spear. ,,What does our question and Reighns song have to do with following Shake to his room.'' 

Spear looks at Myst then glances at Shake.  Spear leans back and looks to William. ,,A journey of the plains will be exciting.''

Willaim stands akimbo. His guantlet hold hip like hand. The guantlet covered middle finger scratches. William glances at Myst while looking to Shake. ,,Where's your room?''

Shake smiles. ,,Follow. And.'' He steps between back on bench and back standing around the hearth. ''My friend Haste will be joining.''

William steps behind Shake. 

Spear stares at Myst as he stands and steps behind William. Kirra and Jan stand and walk with Shake.

,,Will it lead to adventure?'' says Minst. ''Probably not.'' Minst stands looking at Myst. ''But aren't your a bard's curious about where Shake has been?''

Myst sits.

Minst says, ,,Where Do We Go Now?''




