Jan and Myst stand ontop of the roof of Coal's. They see Kirra then they see the crowd part.

Shouts of ,,WERERAT,'' lead the part of people clearing road. 

Then see Spear in were form run afore William then Spear.

Shake runs splatting mud holding a black bundle.

,,We should leave,'' says Jan.

Myst steps from wall edge. Jan grabs staff and pack. They run to the spiral stairs to rug and hall and  Minst scetching on pachement as Guile reads labels. 

,,MINST,'' says Myst with a fist clenching Shake's Carafe pointing Minst. ''We need to leave.''

Minst looks from  book to Myst.

Jan enters room and lifts armor and packs...

Minst says, ,,Why?''

Myst says loud, ,,SPEAR IS A WERE RAT RUNNING DOWN THE STREET.''

Minst closes book and grabs component bag then pushes on dagger hilt then walks with a slight wobbles from Guile. 

Guile stands and walks then follows along the hall. ,,Wererat?'' he says.

Sounds of armor banging lead to Jan walking from room. 

Minst looks at Jan and slides spell book between armor folds and pulls the fold, says, ,,Did we forget anything?'' looks around and picksup a scroll of chain lightning then looks under bed. Then looks out window.

Out wind the intersection clears as Spear runs wide of Caol's and as Shake runs past William. 

The people look and points and step fast away from Spear in hybrid rat form.

,,MINST,'' says Myst. ''Help Jan.''

Minst nods and helps Jan carry packs and armor and they walk down the stairs while Spear scampers through mud.

Spear scampers to a stop. 

Kirra slows run to walk into intersection and along the edge of the crowd around Spear. She peers at faces and and hands of the crowd.

The crowd stands and stars with a few fondling daggers, clubs. A father pulls his two kids from crowd's edge as the kids smile and point at Spear.

Spear stands.

William runs then walks the shuffles through people as they stand shoulder to shoulder and on tips of toes to stare at Spear. 

People feet trample firepits, blankets, boxes, pots, socks and shoes and shirts. 

The crowd sway back toward Shake as Shake steps and bundles bacon in the Branching Armor. 

He walks to wooden sidewalk and walks wearving behind backs corner and walks corner to alley. He sees Spear between people. 

,,SPEAR,'' says Shake. He raises arm. 

William and Kirra hear Shake and watch Spear steps and leap.

Spear's near human body with rat features leaps over people to Shake. Spear follows Shake.

The alley stretches to large box and two outhuds, snow and mud and door to kitchen of Coal's.

Shake says, ,,Run alley around the first turn. Climb the roof and use the aquiduct to cross to roof above. Or wait. I will gather the pack.''

Shake steps and runs into the kitchen of Coal's.

Spear runs long alley, glances back as he turns alley. 

The alley leads to a walll of starring people. Swords and clubs are raises. A person shouts, ,,KILL THE WERERAT.'' Another hollers, ,,IT WILL INFECT US ALL.''

Kirra pushes and shuffles through people to alley with dagger leading way stepping with a tug then a push.

She steps backward. Her bruised, sliver stuck face stares at crowd. She raises swords and dagger. ,,THE BEAST IS MINE TO SLAY!'' She peers at a man who has club raised hight until he lowers the club and looks away.

Kirra steps. She feels her heart beed, stares and the mud splat.

William yells from corner of wood side walk near the entrance of Coal's, ,,THE BEAST IS YOURS TO SLAY!''

,,KILL THE BEAST,'' hollers only.

People stare at Kirra as she turns and runs after Spear.

Spear hears, ,,KILL THE BEAST,'' as he steps  against the alley wall. His heart pounds and breath breathes puffs of steam like a red dragon blowing smoke. He sees...

People stand around coal fires. Clear alleys. A few people sleeping against stone walls of building.

He hears...

Kirra runs toward Spear. She sees his breath and crowd far behind. She runs the corner and slows to a stop. She says, ,,We wait.''

,,Shake,'' says William. His jaw and tongue squeek. ''Shake. Be. Here.'' Spear nods, breaths and beats heart. His shoulders lower and armor slides as hair receeds...

Shake runs through the kitchen by the stairs, sees...

Jan, Myst, Minst and Guile walk down the steps holding bags and William's armor. The side step down halling the packs into the grand room.

In the grand room is near empty with twelve people scattered between bench tables, hearth, bar and card tables. The smoke haze connects and covers all as the fire smolders. The sound of Jan, Minst, Guile and Myst clombing down stairs and the bang of armor draws the few stares.

,,What happened, Shake?'' says Minst.

Shake glance back to kitchen then feels a force slams against back and drag him over floor with feet dragging to the the bar. 

The Branching Armor wrapped around bacon falls to floor.

The force slams Shake's stomach against bar corner and chest against top. ,,What have you brought to may bar bard theif,'' say Coal.

,,What right have you?'' says Minst loud as he increases step.

Guile leads and drops pack and pulls out Heart Dagger.

,,Shake!'' says William loud as he steps into the grand room of Coal's. He steps fast and watches the people in the room.

A few men hold small cross bows and stand on edge of hearth. A bar tender hold knife under tray while another bartender hold a dagger behine bar while rubbing rag over bar top near Shake's head.

,,Coal?'' says Shake.

,,Let go!'' Guile steps and staps down at Coal.

Coal doesn't looks back, but swings fist and smacks Guile to the ground with back of fist. ,,Which of you killed Laddin?'' He nods down at Guile's dagger. ''Stab him in the heart with your dagger.''

,,I don't know what your talking about,'' says Shake.

,,Leave Speed be or have me to to fight,'' says William. He steps stoic to the bar.

People look at Coal and Shake.

Coal holds shake and looks at William. ,,Maybe you should ask Speed or Shake or what ever this bard theif is named why he killed my friend Laddin?''

William peers at Coal and steps. He glances at Shake.

Shake looks at William. ,,I killed no such person. I don't know who you talk about.'' He struggles and pulls.

,,No,'' says Coal. ''You stayed in his stall. You cheeted him of his payment. Your friend gave him the knife I have under my foot.'' Coal stare down William with sight and words while shift the aim and Shake's head pressed against the bar.''

The two women by hearth with braids and muscles flex and peer at Shake. Their leathers wrapped around hips and biceps. Their stone faces chisseled between rows of braids set the stone stare at Shake.

,,I don't know of the event you speak. I never gave these two anything. I can't remember seeing them.'' Shake struggles and tries to lookup at Coal. ''Who, Who are they?''

Guile grabs knife and stands,

Myst, Minst and Jan walk and lower then set packs, bundles and William's armor to ground.

,,We have urgent need to leave this place and this town,'' says William with a stare at Coal. He closes fist and raise a finger to point at Coal. ''Have you proof or witness to the killing of your friend. Because if such proof or witness you have then bring them forth and let them speak. Else I will defend my friend.''

,,I maybe a thief,'' says Shake, ''But I am not a killer.''

Coal presses Shake agains the bar. ,,And your friend. What's his name, Haste?''

Coal rattles. ,,And the story of you wearing a costume found on those actors who tried to take the place and my people to the pits of your Hell.'' Coal looks at William. ''And where are my people I sent out two nights ago upon the direction of Shake. If you've got knowledge.'' Coal looks at William. ''If you're feeling like  you want to tell me a story about how all these plot points are created a moral of how distrust and killing the liers is not a moral I should learn from your tale.''

All stare at Shake.

By the hearth two cross bows aim for Willaim. On the top of the stairs three walk down with cross bows as wide as Spear's chest point at Myst, Minst and Guile and Jan.

The doors open and shut as the near giant steps fur covered body from double doors. 

A small man wearing brown pants and thick wool sweater silently steps into grand room.

,,And you know about my meeting with Jaxel before town. You know Guile was with me since my arrival in this...'' Shake wiggles and pulls arms out. ''This place.''

Coal press Shake agianst wall.

Shake struggles. ,,We, we just...''

William's words stop the talk. ,,If you speak of Shake being with being dressed and tight blacksuits then you may want to ask you loyal friend Iza who lead us to an ambush.'' 

Coal peers at Shake. ,,What does your friend speak?''

Shake wiggles. ,,Let me go and you will hear my words.''

,,Speak,'' says Coal.

Shake lays, relaxes and closes eyes.

Coal peers at William. ,,Finish Shake's tale or he will be without head.''

,,Shake's the story teller,'' says William. His fist clenches, grips and rests with press against a stool. 

The stool legs creek. 

The small man wearing brown pants and woolsweater stands near Coal.

Myst sees William's muscle taut arms and stress face. She hears no song, but see the arrows aimed the group. She grabs her back and drums and step away. Her hand grabs Minst's elbow and tugs at it. She whispers. ,,We go.''

Minst feels the flow of wine and feels the ripple of Myst's touch. He stands and nearly tips. He dearly drops a components being flipped from belt.

Coal and William stare.

,,Your dear friend Iza lead us to a trap. We were attacked. Shake was taken and dragged away. Then Spear, Kirra and I ran through and over the building giving chase to a group of people dressed in rotten furs and tight suits that were black. You friend Iza starred like a zombie and fled with those who followed on wearing hte Branching Armor you now see on the groun. That is the armor Shake took after the being inside disappeared.'' William stops the talk and stares.

,,You're workers were the ones attacking,'' say Shake. ''The ones sent out two nights. It was them. They are the ones.'' Shake remains calm and loose. 

Coal looks at the man with brown pants and black sweater, ,,If you have nothing to add to the tale then leave.''

,,I,'' the man looks at William. ''I seen what they seen. Iza took them to the building near Richardson's. The warehouse and rooms.''

Coal eases on the pressure against Shake. ,,Talk bard theif. And if your tubby friend wants to explain how he got his knife.''

,,WE DON'T HAVE TIME!'' shouts William as he slams fist against stool.

,,Talk bard thief,'' says Coal starring at Shake.

Shake says, ,,I will speak when I am free.''

Coal pushes off Shake and steps back. He kicks knife to Guile and looks at the two workers of Laddin's.

Shake stands and adjusts mud stained cuffs and coller. He pulls on vest while the smoke floats and eople stare. ,,Iza lead us to the one controlling the actors and your people. YOur people were acting like puppets. It was the being wearing the Branching Armor next to your stool.''

,,Is Iza alive?'' says Coal loud.

The person weraing brown trousers says, ,,Yes.''

,,Has he spoke,'' says Coal. 

,,He keeps repeating I don't know. Over and over. I don't know.''

,,Goblings,'' says Shake. ''Spear seen hobgoblins.''

Coal stops Shake. ,,And a wererat evidently.'' Caol folds arms over barrel sized chest. ''Now he and that half-elf friend of yours is hidding behind a corner of the alley.'' He steps on Guile's Heart Dagger. ''All these weird occrances only play themselves out for everyone's entertainment while you're here.'' His face goes solid and tight, lipe nearly snarles with sharp words. ''I don't believe in luck, fate or the toss of the dice to pet on chance and happy happenings.''

The door to Coal's open and closes as a group outside pushes the door opens and the near giant pushes the doors closed.

,,Let'em in,'' says Coal. He stares at William, Shake.

The half-giant steps back. The door opens and groups enters with loud talk. Words wererat, half-elf, fight, savage come forth from the groups banter.

The crossbows aims at the pack are covered, but don't lose their aim.

The two friends of Laddin step and peer at Coal. They whisper and nod.

..COAL!'' shouts one from the group entering. 

Coal doesn't move. ,,Get out of my place. And get out of town.'' He lets arms fall while steps away from Shake and walks toward the group as the two friends of Laddin walk to Coal, peer at Shake, glare at Guile, but do not move. Guile talks with the brown pants man and they walk toward the doors.

,,What happened?'' says Minst.

Shake grabs the bundle of Branching Armor and bacon. ,,We were attacked.'' Shake grabs his bundle pack and shoves the bacon and Branching Armor inside. ''The people were from the nights before you arrived.''

,,Where do we go now,'' says William grabbing his pack and bundle then grabs his armor.

,,The alley,'' says Shake. He steps to the kitchen and through.

Myst, Minst, Jan, William follow.

Guile grabs his knife and follows and wraps the woolsheet around arms. 

Cold and bits of snow greet the pack. Mud and muck spread to the alley. People at end near road still stare along the way. A few walk toward the pack.

The pack follows Shake.

,,We have map to the tower,'' says Minst.
 
,,Quiet for now,'' says William. ''The ears and people around need not know.''

Myst feels the cold freeze and break the silence silence as the wind blows past ear creating a whistle.

Wind gusts and blows cold. 

Guild sniffs and looks back. 

Two of Laddin's friends push through the wall of people at end of alley.

,,Shake, there are people behind,'' says Guile stepping fast. 

Shake stops and sees the group of leather and wearing warroirs holding shortswords and clubs.

Ten then twelve then...

,,MOVE,'' says Shake. He kicks steps and runs around the corner to a bisceting alley.

Before he turns the corner.

Shake steps and sees Spear and Kirra.

Kirra and Spear stand.

Spear's body a human form breathing and waiting and looking. 

Kirra stares and stares with William as Shake runs along the alley.

Guile runs and pushes past William, Jan, Myst and after Shake.

Shake runs but stops as William stops and looks along the alley.

Thepeople pushs and run after cluttering around and down and through. Two get stuck behind the outhuds. A few people run from the kitchen exit to lead the group. 

,,We best run,'' says William

,,Food,'' says Myst. ''Did you get food?'' She looks at William. Here eyes sway and wade with wine flow fuming from body.

,,I've got some bacon?'' says Shake.




