Kirra stands at threshold of feeling her face pump pain with her heart. She feels her hand sting from claw cut. She feels shoulder throb. Pain spreads throughl her chest and mind. Her body bumps pain. Shoulders slump.

Kirra sees two over everything like a dispalcer beast as she waves and sway. Her shoulders slump and pain rings her to close eyes. THEN OPEN.

A halfling woman looks up and slides foot back for a bow, ,,Jolllino.'' Her blue eyes stare at Kirra. ''And you.''

Kirra wavers and squints and looks down. ,,Jo. Friend of John.'' She lift sore hand and bats and glances back at William and Myst.

William and Myst sit at the back of the cell. William's head leans against the glass wall with eyes closed.

Myst sits and leans on Williiam with her arms wrapped around and voice humming.

The humm sooths William as he sleeps. 

As William sleeps, Myst sings with Rieighn a song that feels to ring through the walls. She sings a force that covers them all in the cell from sight or sound or a scry of wizards.

Blurred sight and sound span around the cell and over Kirra and Jo.

They look fuzz and sound silent.

Kirra looks away from Jo and sways.

Jo sands in the hall next to Kirra then steps and looks around as white sheets pass. She looks at Kirra, William, Myst and the darkwalls at the end of all. ,,Food. You need food,'' says Jo.

Kirra stands and stands, sways, spits. Her sight blurrs and splits. Sounds of clicks and clack, snaps, mumbles echo around Kirra like hear through walls.

Jo gathers a bundle of fruits and meats drope and kicked against the wall corners. She

Kirra stands, and William wakes and stands. Myst sits and prays.

At the end of hall, soldiers with red leather and black chain mail step and stand near the darkness wall. A few white sheet warriors stand and bow heads with the soldiers while the click and clack. The white sheet warriors and the soldiers step into the wall of darkness.

The two warriors wear sweat and blood covere sheets. One limbs  while the other hold sarm. White bandages are wrapped around head, arms and leg.

Jo stands by Kirra.

Kirra clicks and clacks and snaps goblinkin speak. ,,Goblin talk,'' says Kirra.

Jos says, ,,I speak common. Jo, is learning common.''

Jo clicks and  clacks to Kirra hello and bows.

Kirra clicks and clacks a hello and stands still

Jo looks back at Kirra and Jo then William, says, ,,Wizard and warrior speak goblins. You talk common. Common all speark to Rise.''

William rubs eyes and pulls at the cloth covering his guantlet hand. William squeezes Myst and lays here on the glass ground.

Myst snores soft sounds like horns.

William stands, steps, says, ,,Did you say that surface talk is the talk used by the goblin wizard and warriors.?''

Jo stares at William then Kirra.

Kirra sways and sees two William's become one. Kirra looks at Jo she clicks and clacks.

Jo looks at William. ,,All wizards and warriors. Some common.''

William looks at Kirra and Jo then through the halls.

The halls are glass and dim light. Shadows caste from blurs and smears on walls and cells. Yellow liquid drops spread from a cell a half-giant. 

Shit, sweat and musk like mustard floats in clouds along the all and white sheet warriors.

White sheet warriors sit and nod to sleep. Other's lay. A few moan and groan and hold heads and chests. Two wrestle near the wall of darkness.

,,Sleep, Kirra,'' says William. ''Rest, please.''

Kirra's slumped head and half open eyes peers at the one William and looks down the two halls. She shrugs shoulders and nods head back and walks into the cell against the far corner from Myst.

As Kirra lays, Myst begins to softly snore.

William says, ,,Where does one go to relief self of the waste created from drink and eat?'' He finishes words with a look at Jo.

Jo looks at William. She clicks and clacks. 

Willian says, ,,You shit and piss,'' as he points to his butt then ground. ''On ground.''

Jo smiles and point at the ends of the all at the walls of darkness. ,,You waste in hole at ends.'' Jo smiles and holds an apples to Willaim.

William says, ,,I thank you, Jo, for this apples.'' He bites apples and eats.

Jo and Willam stand and stand...

Myst's snore becomes a rumble that sooths William's pain and calms Kirra's restlessnes..

Kirra lay on glass floor and rooms and slides and shifts while sleeping. 

The snores rise and are as loud as the talk and soft whsipers for the warriors awake thorugh the glass hall.

Kirra relaxes, and Jo smiles.

William feels the need to pee and taps foot and stands and stand and stands until the feeling of pee is eased anc calmed like the pain of back and leg of William.

The snores of Myst become as loud as loud talk and spreads thorugh the glass hall.

White sheets roll, and wake and walk from the sound to the ends of the hall. A white sheet id wakes and walks toward the sound and lays two cells from William. Two dwarf warriors walk from the wall of darkness with two red and black soldiers. The dwarves stand and stare, smile and walk thorugh the hall and past william. The red and black warriors cover ears and step through the wall of darkness.

As the two dwarves step by Willam and stare at Myst as she snores. They both nod at william and Jo was on and into a cell three from William.

William stand, and Myst snores, and Kirra sleeps still. Then William feels the need to pee seep from his being. He shifts stance and tries to focus on the pain, but hears the snores and feels the snores sooth his tense muscles.

Jo looks at William. ,,You poop in bowl,'' and points to the end of the ahll. ''Jo, stand, watch.''

William feels the push for pee to burst free.

And Myst snores.

And Kirra sleeps.

And Wiliam steps and walks fast over the glass floor with Myst's snores while looking back and forward.

Forward, white sheets look at William. Puddles of pees spred to dots. A few people laugh. Many cover hears or lay head back and smile with faces relaxed like hypnotized.

A large ogre with tusks as long as William's had pees into a hole, in a cell, next to the wall of darkness. The orgre stands with shoulder against the all, white sheet pulls part and pee flowing into hole.

A hand grabs William and pulls back.

William looks away from the orgre and back with guantlet fist raisoing.

A human man skinny and shorter than William says, ,,I'm next.''

William looks at Jo.

Jo stands at the threshold of cell. Myst and Kirra sleep.

William looks at the human and steps back and looks at the pee flow through the walls

The pee falls into the floor and through the walls. It splashes into a bowl then flows into the all sliding into the wall of darkness. It washes way brown, green and purple stains and bits of poop. 

A wave of alcohol like fumes flow over William making him gringe.

The pee of the orge stops flow and the orge steps from the hole nudging.

The skinny human walks into the room, pulls apart white sheets, squats and looks at William.

William looks at Jo, Kirra and Myst and the hall.

White sheets step and walk from the cell. Some covere their ears. Other's smile and sit against the wall. 

Jo stands with knees bend slight. Kirra and Myst lay. Myst snores, and the snores spread through the hall.

A gurnt is. The human wipes butt with and and flicks poops into hole then walks to a hole in the wall and splashes water.

William steps into the room, pulls open the sheet and pees feeling the release pleasure spread. He closes eyes and hears Myst's snores then open eyes and sees through the floor to a white sheet warriors and soldiers.

Soliders wearing yellow and silver chain mail surround a white sheet warrior dwarf with a rough face.

,,Flij,'' says William.

Through the glass wall, William watch flij swings arms and pushes back as the yellow and silver soldiers drag hin through the hall. Fligs kicks and punchnes and face forms a shout.

William watches and only hears his pee splash and flow fro the bowl until there is no more. 

As the pee stips, Flij is covered by yellow aand silver soldiers, and some one clicks and clack and taps on William's back.

William looks up and back. 

An human short and thick stands with hairy arms crossed over sweat stained chest.

Willliam pulls his white sheet closed and folds it shut, puts hand son water bowl adn walks the hall to Jo while look ing thorugh the wall at the yellow and silver soldiers and Flij.

Yellow and silver soldiers lift fist and punch Flij as Flij lay on ground. Red spreads over white, yellow and silver. The yellow and silver guards step and leave, one by one, unil only Flij lay. His face covered with blood and sheet stained. His body is still.

William look up and forward and walks to Jo, Myst and Kirra.

Myst snores, and Jo smiles. Kirra sleeps.

,,You pee,'' says Jo.

William shrugs shouldes and nods. He says, ,,You know Flij...'' He looks at Jo. ''Good.''

Jo says a bit louder than Myst's snore, ,,Flij is good. Good fighter. Good gladiator.'' Jo raises hands. ''The people cheer.'' Her hands lower with the wrinkles of a smile. ''Flij is good. All like Flij.''

Myst snorts.

William says, ,,Flij below.'' William nods along the hall toward the wall of darkness. ''The guards fight him.''

Flij points down at the floor toward the wall of darkness.

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,Flij below the floor.''

Jo looks, steps and walks along the hall, the snores and the white sheets. ,,Flij.''

The whites sheets sitting and laying sleeps and snore.

William yawns and stands and rubs his elbow.

Jo steps and looks below the flow and knocks on the floor. 

William knees and peers thorugh the glass floor and sees a blurred.

Flij lays still on floor, and Jo pounds the glass floor. A  few white sheets looks pat and down at Jo. A few click and clack and laugh, point at the ground through the cieling.

And Jo sits in the middle of floor and looks through as William stands, Kirra sleeps and Myst stores.

William paces, and white sheets pass, soldiers lead white sheet from the hall and into the hall. The white sheets return with scrapes, cuts, slings and wrap around eyes and heads, arms and legs.

Willima stops pacing, and Kirra wakes as Myst still snores. 

The snore fills the halls. 

white sheets near sleep. White sheets far peer and sneer. The snores like a slow french horn blowing soft and deeps and calm...

Kirra stands. The head thumps pain with heart and chest. Shoulder aches with moving. Her whites sheets are stained with sweat, dirt and mud. She walks to William, across the hall to an empty cells, squats and pisses. 

Pee flow around a puddle around Kirra' feet. She looks up at William. Half her face is swollen. ,,See John?''

,,No,'' says William. ''No cart. No John. Warriors come and go.'' He slight nights to hs Wane. ''Flij is below Jo.''

,,Lowered,'' says Kirra. she stands and steps with feet splashing pee. ''We fight.''

Myst snores. 

White sheet sit and lay. A few talk. A few cough. All have a stare that sees beyond the wall as if to the sky. 

Time ticks with the taps of William's feet aagains the glass floor and Kirras stare everywhere.

Myst snores then the snores stop.

The light dims like dawn. William still sees a few cells from where he stand, but see no mmore.

Kirra's sight of colors of heat dim with the shining light from the walls.

A wagons roll from the walls of darkness, and soldiers step.

Jo steps from the dim dark near William. ,,Flij lower.

,,How do you know all this information about Flij,'' says William.

Jo raise and and begins to moving fingers and wrists to for shapes with motion. ,,Hand talk.''

,,Hand talk,'' says William.

Jo nods.

William watches the roll of glass wagons adn the step of soldiers. ,,And was there talk of my friends Spear and his present location.''

Jo shakes head and raises hand. She walks away into the darkness as the light dims.

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back and follows nod to step into cell.

,,Darkness,'' says Kirra.

Myst says, ,,What do we do?'' She sits against the glass. ''Where's Minst? Where are we?'' Her voice fades with a  hum.

William steps and sits against wall by Myst. ,,I was hoping Reigh would guide us from where we are to where we need to be?''

,,Reighn's song is near a whisper that is lost,'' says Myst.

Kirra stands at the end of the cell and hears and feels white sheets walk past. ,,Snore, and we falls ound.''

A glass wagon with food and a tub of water.

Myst, Kirra and William eat in the near dark. Myst and William find the toilet in the corner. William stands guards.

White sheets sleep in cages closed and open. Whites heest sleep along the edge. 

William, Kirra and Myst guard, sleep and wake as the the light thorugh the all shines to bright to the wall of darkness.

Glass carts and soldiers parade thorugh the hall and pass out food and water.

White sheets eat, shit and watch the soldiers and carts walk past.

The soldiers stop at the ends in the middle and between.

John of the goblinkin enters stomping with thick blkac boots leaving dust in path. His two daggaes stay held in sheaths at his sides. A purple robe dragging over grouwn lay parted over shoulders.

John points and nods at white warriors eating huddled over ground.

,,I smell a stench,'' says William.

,,You smell your whore,'' says John. He licks his teeth and cackle laughs.

William glences fist, pushes from wall, stands.

Myst grabs William's arm, and  Kirra steps before William.

John cackle laughs and grabs the hilts of his daggers and cocks head at William. ,,You listen to women. You maybe have the baby.''

,,QUIET,'' shouts William and pulls arm from Myst.

Kirra slams back into William. ,,No.''

John cackle laughs, and a four square of red and black soldiers mach to John and stand.

William relaxes and stand. ,,Fight, you coward. Fight or bring me Senator Ring and get me a warrior wanting to fight!''

John stares. ,,You won't talk to Senator Ring until you become a gladiator, you become dead.''

White sheets standing around stare. Jo steps naer John and the soldiers.

William clenches jawa and fists and stares.

''You white sheets,'' says John. ''You fight for armor. You fight now.''






