Buckey kicks front legs at the edge of the moutain slide. He stands while the mountiams slides.

Buckey whips head throwing reigns of hackamore to Spear.

Spear misses the reigns and slides down the mountains with William and everyone else. Spear rises up on rear legs and kicks to the God letting out a hollar.

The holler is lost in the silence.

Dust spreads.

Shilouettes form in the dust clouds. Small humanoids run down the mountain at Bucky.

A dart hits Buckeys rump. 

buckey looks down through the dust then turns and gallops along the trail.  

Hooves kick up rock and dirt. 

Groups of goblins scurry round trees and through
and by brush.

A short spear flies at Buckey and lands by hooves.

Buckey leaps of a falling tree and lands on a goblin. He kicks out rear legs hitting two goblins leapoing from trees. 

The back and plates of steel armor bounce and shake and clank

Hobgolins jump from trees and land on road. They raise blow guns and spears and runn after Buckey's trail of dust. Their shriekesand giggles echoe through the trees. 

Buckey run along the road jumping over rocks and trees and around boulders. 

The road lead sfrom the trees along the rim of a sheer cliff to the right and a sheer cliff to the left.  

The sheer clift to up climbs to an top Buckey can see.

The sheer cliff to right decends to a river.

Behind Buckey, goblins and hobgoblins scamper over pebbled and rock ont slanted trail along sheer moutnain.

Buckey's hooves kick and scrap over slanted trail.

Goblins and hobgoblins scamper shoulder to shoulder, front to back. Tips of knifes poke backs and thights. Voices echo a scretch and a chackle. Hoots and screams are.

Rocks fall and fall and splash into river far below.

A hobgoblin chackles as it falls and splashes into the river far below.

Buckey gallops. Hooves slide and kick rocks, but clomp and clop. Buckeys' wide and muscular ankles abosrb the shock of a studder step over stones after the thick thighs slam and glid hooves over trail.

Goblins run and through spears mid stride. Three spears fly far arching over trail. Tips of spears aim for Buckey's back. Spears fly blow as trail turns and target runs from sheer cliff to moutians side and a forest. 

Buckey kicks rear legs rigth, turns body right. Rear hooves and from hooves side to side as Buckey slides close to trails turn's edge. Buckey's legs kicks and pushes body forward. Buckey runs from the turn and sheer cliff rubble trail and to trees and mountain trail through a forest.   

Goblins and hobgoblins run to sharp turn around sheer cliff. They slide over rock and pebble. The pushes and pull on each other. One, two, three...Ten goblins fall over trail. Goblins and hobogoblins runs into the forest on the moutnains side to Buckey. 

Spears and darts fly and shoot and land behind Buckey's dust and hooves steps.

A tree lays over trail.                                  

Buckey leaps over tree beyond a pile of rocks. Buckey lands and stops and clomps side to side over rocks and around bolders and piles of cut stone. 

Goblins and hobgoblins spread and run up and down mountain side and along road at Buckey.

Buckey steps between two boulders and runs along road.

Shouts and cries echo through trees and against canyon.

A spear lands behind Buckey. A boulder crashes through trees.

Buckey gallops. A hobgobline screams. The crunch of bone and crash of tree is. A boulder stops on trees before trail. Buckey gallops by boulder.

A tree falls.  

A goblin lands on Buckey's back. 

Buckey bucks goblin from back and to the right and a tree trunk and down mountain side. Buckeys' rear hind hits and rear hooves skid through stacks of carved rock scattering white walk along road.

Trees and rocks and piles of sand narrow the road to path.

Buckey stops and looks behind.

Goblins and Hobgolbins run through trees and over rocks. They trip and fall and crawl then run and wave arms in circles and lines. Spears, knives, short swords tips shake around. Very small shields are raised.  Pieces of armor bent and rusted arm fall and smash under foot. 

Buckey runs up the moutian side. His hooves dig and kick dirt down. He slips and slide down and kicks and catches and leaps up and up. His his head lunging up with each leap up the side of the moutain between trees and brush.

Loose dirst slids and rolls with rock down the moutains. 

Below the hobgoblins and goblins run along the road and stop on the road. Their shouts and screams become a loud hoots and whistles. The  whistles in short bursts. The hoots echocing around the moutains side from the tree tops. 

The tree tops shake and sway with goblin and hogoblins shaking limbs as they steady body and swords and climb on limb tips waiting for Buckey.             

The hoots and hollars become focus around the parameter of Buckey. The hoots and hollars flow around  Buckey from above.

A dart sticks into Buckey's rear leg.

Hobgoblins and goblins leap from tree tops.

Buckey kicks and stretches front legs to grap and hold and push and leap forward. Hooves dig into mountain side and push and pull body up steep moutnains side.

A hobgoblin steps from behind a tree and swings a sword at Buckey's head. 

Buckey rears up hind legs, and hooves kick dull blade breaking it from hilt. Buckey is vertical. He falls back on side and sides to a couple of trees. He rolls over to position feet. 

The guitar strapped to back is crushed.

A few darts hit Williams platmail Armor slapping to side of Buckey. The saddlebags and blanket stick darts from surface. 

Bucky kicks and kicks and stretches and stands, clomp hooves and kick up the moutains side.

Platmail armor falls from Buckeys side and rolls to a stop to hobgoblins and goblins running slow up mountain side. 

A net falls and misses Buckey and lands on ground. 

Three dart stick into the smashed guitar strapped to Buckey's side.

Buckey jumps and pulls up moutain. He sees a path along the moutnains side and into the canyon. He gallops aling the moutains side and to the path. He lowers head and forcus upon the path and between the trees. 

The hoots and whistles fade behind buckey. 

Buckey gallops along the path. Branches hit his body. Brush tangle and scrap over legs. His hooves fall fast and sure along dirt trail.

A column of goblins appear on trail. 

Buckey slows and stops.

The goblins walk single file. The remains silent. 

Buckey looks up and down the mountain. He walks down the mountains side placing feet on ground. He walks slow and sure to a thicket of brush. His nostrals flows and puff as he lays on his side behind the thicket.

The clink and clank do loose armor and wandering weapons pass by along the path toward the hobgoblins and golbins behind Buckey.

Buckey stands.

Birds tweet and flutter wings. A mouse runs through leaves to a hole. A gust of wind blows and shakes leaves rustling a wave. 

Buckey walk down heal steping into the canyon and down at an angle toward the road. 

The rush of water is heard. 

Buckey lower head and walks more down mountain side than into the canyon. His hooves slid and slide after each step finding footing near brush or tree root.

The thick trees cause Buckey to stop and walk around a thicket then continue the decent toward the rush of water. 

A shadow spreads over the trees and Buckey and beyond. The think lines and dots of lights disappears. 

Buckey walks slow down hill and to a road. 

The road lay covered in patches of flat cut stone held together by sand and patches of sand near piles of cut stone. The path level. No trees or boulders lay on or across the road. 

Buckey saunters along the road swaying tail side to side. He looks behind and above and below and walks forward under the canopy of leaves. 

The sounding water rushes through the trees. 

Buckey kicks up hooves and jogs along the trail from cut stone to sand piles. He walks from the path of trees. The trees below become rocks and the rock become sand. 

A rush of water flows below. White water rushes over rocks and bettween blouders. Water sprays and gushes down. It swirls and ebbs in pool pausing to ripple to a spead of sand before it flow into the rush down and over a waterfall.

The wide waterfall flows wider than the road and disappears into a clouds of mist. Cool mist blows around Buckey casuing Buckey to shiver trhough a chill.

Buckey walks to the waters edge and drinks. He walks to tall green grass and eats. He continues his walk along the road deep into the canyon. 

Buckey follows the road through trees and from trees on a moutnains side of open green grass. He follows the raod along the river until it ends at the edge of the river.

The sun shines trhough the clouds.

Buckey looks up and down the river. 

The river flows wide and smooth from end to end.

Edges of a bridge span a few feet from either side but end it jagged breaks. 

Buckey stands and looks across the river at the other side and sees humans and halfevlves standing around campfires and by wagons and bundles of wood. 

Buckey eats some grass and drinks water. He watches the humans lift long boards to the tree canpoy. He watches the slow water flow.

A net falls over Buckey. 

Humans jump from trees and spring from brush. They pull ropes pulling the net tight around the Buckey.

Buckey tries to runs but his held pulling the night tighter. He tries to buck then lift with a kick, but is held down. 

The humans whistle and shout. 

Buckey settles and stands still next to the river's shore. 

The humans hold and circle Buckey flexing and fliching with each head move and leg flinch of Buckey.

A man walk from the group and stands near Buckey's head.  ,,Ready to go for a swim." The main raises his right arm, turns toward the river. He lowers right arm to point across the river

Buck jerks and shakes. 

The men follow the man inito the river.





