A deafing force of shouts, screams and battle cries follow the sinking of darts and spear into Buckey.

Strat run to William and shouts, ,,THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH!!!"

Buckey wobbles.

William screams pushing a force against the war cry of goblins and hobgoblins.

Buckey falls toward William.

William  push against buckey's barrel 

Buckey falls. The spear through neck drives into the ground.

Water splashes.

William slides over barrel to back stapping ends of darts.

Grass ruttles. Trees solfty sway. Plant parts for a rush of goblins.

,THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH!!!" screams Strat. Strat leaps into the air at William. 

William's face lifts from Buckeys barrel. 

A spear files at his face.

Strat flies before William's face. ,,THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH!" The spear stabs through Strats check. Strat falls dead and silent.

Goblins run and leap from the grass and plants and vines. They old rusted knifes has short swords above head.

Spear and Kirra swat swords slicing head and arms from goblins. Jan hits away goblins ends of staff. Myst swing mace knocks heads and arms.

Goblins swing wild swords and daggers to miss or hit armor leather cloak. Goblins stop and lows swords and whisper. ,,Threeein Ck'k'th." Goblins pull on Buckey's hooves.

William stands, pushes off Buckey, grabs spear sticking through Strat and leaps over Buckey in a fluid motion then lands runs through goblins, grass, water, leaves vines sinking spear into the throat of on a hobgoblin, sliding sword from sweat spinning slicing head from another hobgobins, stops and grapples a third pressing thumbs into the eyes and eyes sockets of hobgoblin.

More goblins stop the rush forward saying, ,,Threeein Ck'k'th." Goblins clinging to Spear, Kirra, Minst and Myst leap off and walk toward William falling to the ground while pushing thumbs into goiblins eyes.

Another hobgoblins raises a scimitar.

Kirra slides an arrow from quiver and notches arrow on bow.

Arrow flies and sinks into shoulder for scimitar weilding hobgoblin.

Myst steps and kneels next to Buckey's head.

Minst swing dagger wide at a goblins running back into the thickets of plants and trees. 

Spear runs with returning goblins pushing goblins away, he leaps grapples the scimitar weilding hobgoblin. They fall with splash and squirt into water and mire.

Williams gauntlet hand crushes the side of the hobgobins face. William roars.

Goblins walk, step and crawl toward hobgoblins slashing through grass plants.

,,Threein Ck'k'th, Threein Ck'k'th, Threein Ck'k'th," being to chant the Gobins.

Myst lays hands around the spear through Buckey's neck.

Buckey blinks. He tries to bend neck, but half of head falls back into water. 

,,Still," says Myst. "Still. He is still." Her eye redden around the rims. Tears pool under eyes. A tear streak slides from eye to chin. "He's still alive. Please. Oh. Please..."

William crawls on hand and kneens through water and mire by Spear shoving head of hobgoboin deeper into mire. William leepas and hits the waist of a hobgoblin bringing them both down and knocking the sword swing wide of Spear's head. 

Kirra loops bow over twig and with goblins to hobgobons. 

Minst stands behind Myst with dagger drawn and a small bag in plam.

Goblins chant, ,,THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH!" The chant spread. The goblins rush the hobgoblins leaping on legs, waists, chests, arms and head of hobgoblins. 

Golbins grab the hobgoblin held by Spear biting the hobgoblin's legs and and arms and fingers and puching its head.

Goblins stab the hobgoblin grappled by William. Other goblins stab and punch, choke and break hobgoblins. 

Jan stands and stares and the goblins. She chants soft with the gobllins, ,,Threein Ck'k'th, Threein Ck'k'th, Threein Ck'k'th."

Kirra's runs slows and stares at the goblins killing hobgoblins. 

Spear pulls back from the goblins. He grabs William's shoulder and pulls William.

William screams, ,,NOOOOOOOOO!," and with guantlet glove punches hobgoblins skull until it caves in."

Goblins bits and punch Spear and pulls arms off of William.

Spear tosses some aide. Kirra kicks and punch a few off Spear.

Spear and Kirra pull William from dead hobgoblins with a flat head

Blood coveres Wiliam's guantlet and face.

Jan looks behind and peers West through the trees and grass and raises her chant to a shout, ,,THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH!!!"

Spear and Kirra drag William through water, mire, grass and between goblins gathering around William.

William relaxes and shakes of the holds of Spear and Kirra. Then stands and turns to see Buckey.

Buckey lays on side. His leg extended and still. His head lays in the water and mire. His big eye open and starring hear and there. 

Myst holds hands around spear peircing Buckey's neck. Tears slide down face and drip from jaw. ,,Help. Please. Please help. Let the fates be...Let the fates be lost in the abyss. Let this being be."

William walks and stunbles to the ground splashing to Buckey's head. He crawls and lifts Buckey's head and puts it on his head. He rubs Buckey's nose, saying betweeen tears and shaking chin and runny nose. ,,What have I done, what have I done, what have I done...I sorry, Buckey. Why." He closes his eyes and lays fore head on the side of Buckey's face while rubbing Buckey between the ears.

Spear looks at William. His eyes redden. He turns around watching the goblins overwhelm and kill goblins.

Kirra takes bow and looks around the area seeing onlthe goblins and hobgoblins the calm swamp and plants.

Hobgoblins  swing wide and mad at goblins. Hobgoboins climb trees. Hobgoblins run. 

Goblins grabs feet and hands and pull hobgoblins to the ground. They chant, ,,THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH! THREEEIN CK'K'TH!!!"

William looks at Myst. 

Myst looks at William. She shakes her head and wipe her check with wet sleeve. She sniffs. ,,I'm sorry."

Buckey's head becomes heave. His eye loses its twitch and remains motionless. His muscles settle. 

William cries. 


