The arrow flies from the rafters, at the stage and into the chest of Carlos the Barded Dwarf.

Carlos the Barded Dwarf stops, drops flute and falls. His back hits stage, and the flute bounces to flows. 

The colors shining from the flute and illuminating the room dim to darkeness.

Darkness spreads through the grand sized room. Darkness surrounds hugoblins soldiers, traders, white sheets and robes swaying and singing and dancing with the now silent flute and now silent. Darkness falls around bleachers tables and stools. Darkness falls around mugs of ale and fists of food. Darkness falls around Kirra, William and Guile. Only Kirra and Guile see thorugh the dark.

Darkeness falls around myst, but her sound help her see, and she sees Kirra.

Kirra runs along the rafters leaping and bending from oen side of the room to the other side of the room while sliding bow on back and grabbbin short swords from back scabbards by the time she leaps from the rafters, to the top of a bleecher between hugoblins.

A few dwarblins and efloboins see Kirra run the rafters. One throws a mug at her while another shouts. ,,THE KILLER RUNS THE RAFTERS.''

Kirra lands on the top bleechers, jumst from the bleecher and into a crowd of hugoblins slowing their sway. A groups tops chanting. ,,ENCORE! ENCORE!.''

Feet stomb bleechers.

The bleechers near Guile and William and Myst pound.

Hands beging to clap

Myst's hum sings with the slap. Her song vision spreads to William.

With the sound vision, willaim sees Guile as he push between the hips of hugoblins and stumbles toward William.

Willaim, holding Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer, pushes and shover soldiers, traders and white sheets making a path toward the center stage where Carlos the Barded Dwarf lay.

One shouts, ,,ONE KILLED CARLOS!''

Another shouts, ,,I SEEN AN ELF!''

A few people laugh and many clap. 

Through the song sight, William and Myst

A torch light flickes. The ten more illuminate the hall.

A few people rush the stage.

William pushes past guile and rushes the stage. He pushes through people a side.

A soldiers pushes back, but William grabs arm, yangs, and the soldiers falls to ground as William reacheas the stage.

Myst hums and see William, Kirra nad Guile. She whispers with her song of sight. ,,Reighn we please to cease the moment of light, not fright. We need your...'' Her mumbles become mumbles of sounds wiht the drum and strink spreads from her being.

Guile reaches her being. ,,Got go. Go. Now. Wait...''

Myst stands and sings. 

Some one shouts. ,,CARLOS IS BLEEDING.''

Another shouts, ,,CONSTABLES RIGHTS. YOU STEP AWAY FROM CRIME. YOU MAKE PATH FOR CONSTABLES.''

The clapping and foots stomping stops, and mururs spreads through the people. 

A magical light beams from the center stage. 

William pushes between people to the light and stage.

ARound the round stage people press chests agianst the eleveated floor and stares. Three constables kneel around Carlos.

Beyond the stage. Kirra pushes toward doubles doors. She slips and steps and slides between people.

People push back. 

One shouts. ,,THAT ONE SHOT THE BOW.''

Kirra looks back and sees a constable standing on a bleecher and pointing at her. She see between the bleechers and sees William step to the stage.

William steps to the stage and steps toward Carlos and raises Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer and charges. 

Two constable stand from a kneel. They raise steel small shield and blow whistlers.

Whistle tweet.

William swings Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer hitting side both constables knocking their shields to the crowd.

Four people then five pushe them selves to the floor.

Myst sees William's hit from near the door, and she slaps bottom of drum.

Drum booms through the room. People cover their ears. People fall to their needs. People sway and stumble.

Guile doens't hear the boom, but hears a song of strings and Myst's hum. He sees the people push as he steps to a bleecher and sees over the crowd to ward the center stage, and the rushing people. 

AS the constables fly to teh side with william's cursh blow, and Myst hits booms from her drum, people push away from the stage and rush for the doors.

People push people from the stage. They jump from the bleechers. They push and pull toward the open door.

Six large hugoblins wearing shining breast plates with spike collars and chain pais rusha gains the flow fo the people at the the stage. Twom more leap to the stage and at William.

Kirra reaching the stage and jumps to the top.

Guile grips the bleecher side and holds agains the people rushing past. He peers over the crowd for Runtik. He mental shouts.

AS the mental shouts spand the room, Myst's boom feels the room. 

People press hands against ears as they run from the boom. The people rushing at Myst, part and creat an open area around her. Many stop and fight to avoid getting near Myst. A few scream. One cries. Most run walk and try to fly to the doors.

The doors burst open and people run from the water hole.

People clear the stage and the floor around the stage except the eight huge hugoblins rushing William and Kirra.

The eight huge hugoblins hold two hand swords held with one hand with a tower shiled held by the other. 

Two huge hutoblins rush at William. One swings a sword at William from behind. And one rushes at william from afore to shield bash.

William duccks, spins. He hits side swords strike breaking the large sword in two. He pivots and swing at the bashing tower shield knocking it from the hands of the guard. And in on fluid motion he whirls war hammer over head and slams war hammer into the head of guard. 

The head of guard pops from head. It's body steps a few steps before it falls.

Blood spreads.

Sxi more guards rush the stage as the people clear the bleechers and press and press against the door.

Kirra leaps at the back of one huge hugoblins and stabs it's back. 

It falls. Kirra then spins and slashes swaords and the knees of on guard running at her from behind.

It falls. 

Tower shield and two handed sword hits ground and clammers away.

The four other guards stop their climb, fall from the stage to the fllor and step away from the stage toward the people pushing their way through the back and front doors.

Myst creates her doom song while Guile feels the echo of Runtik ripple from beyond the wall, but then sees Carlos laying on the floor.

William steps toward Carlos and raises Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer.

And Carlos the Barded Dwarf with blood flowing from chest, opens his eyes and says,  ,,It's the hero William Westmore.''


