A small child is pulled away from a woman laying on the river bank. The child screams louder than the shouts of soldiers relaying commands, louder than the hollered commands of Dante, louder than the cadence of people passing empty and water filled buckets from the river to the fire touched tents. The small child is lifted and carried from the woman and then tents along the row of people passing bucktes to the shore and a group of kids sitting standing, screaming, shaking, weeping, standing silent and starring.

As the screaming kid is carried past, the fawns, cubs, birds, colts and foals of horse and centar gallop, fly and run away leaving Myst and Minst starring at Jan's cloak. 

Myst hears the cry and lifts head and looks at the tents and shacks. 
 
Flames leap to the sky as a bright white light around the clearing dims. The flame spreads and expans from canvas to wood to water as water  is tossed.   
  
Dead being lay bare around the tents. Two horse burn by a dead soldier still holdinh swords.   
  
She looks to Minst, Jan's cloak then stands and runs feeling the song in her mind shift from the child's scream along the shout to the bodies and fire.

Minst watches Myst run to the scream then watches the other animals scatter spread then he stares at Jan's cloak.

His mind sees reliefs and shapes pulling and spanning from the rocks and bodies and motion of people.

Minst slumps and looks blank as archers run past with bows over backs with quivers running past the other animals with little cares. Minsts sways and sees though the line of bucket reliers to William standing in line passing empty and full buckets then peers past seeing Spear  run from the clearing in hybrid were form to the trees while chased by a group of soldiers.

Spear runs from light to darkness, from rock to to dirt, pine needles and leaves, patches of snow. He smells the sweat of soldiers chasing him from behind then the sound of the horn fades from skull as his foot fall slows. He leaps around a tree pulling hammer above head ready to strike then the smell of the soldiers' sweat blows away and he sees only the trees and shrubs and the people running shouting and crying. He walks past druids and rangers dressed in dark hemp armor watching with swords and bows drawn from the shadows of the trees. Spear stands by dead cubs and does and colts being held. Hewatches Dante make shapes with hands and point and shout brief words. He watches Dante ignore Kirra as Kirra runs between the line of people passing buckets from and to river, from and to tents.

Wolves pups and bear cubs whimper and push with with snouts at dead wolves and bears.

Kirra runs at Myst and says loud, ,,JAN...'' She stops and looks at the cloak.

Minst looks up from his slouch and shurgs looking at Jan's cloak.

''WHERE!'' she says like a command and not question. Her hand clenches sword hilt.

Minst shakes head and stares and says to the ground. ,,She's in...She's in the ground.''

Kirra steps and leans and hollers, ,,WHAT?"

,,THE GROUND!'' Myst looks from the claok to Kirra. ''SHE SUNK IN THE GROUND! The Rock. 

Kirra kicks back Jan's robe revealing rocks and silt. 

They stare while William takes one bucket after another glancing at Myst and watching Dante point and shout then join the line of people hauling the water. They stare as Myst runs and stumble to a kneel before a man with son crying over still body. 

Myst puts hands one the arm of the man and purges from within a force to a claw marks along amr arm and chest. 

The song of Reighn sings and plays strings, but the beat slows as the energy flow slows then stops. 

The wound on the man's arm and chest slowly closes. 

Myst feels faint and raises her head to see bodies lay by bodies as they are lifted and walked toward the shore.

,,THE WATER,'' a woman screams carrying a limb body of a child. "BRING TO THE WATER.''

Myst faintly nods, stands and lifts a woman a child crying and begins to walk over the stone and silt, mistepping.

Fires burn. The wind begins to blow. Some one yells, ,,IT NEEDS TO SNOW.'' As water seeps from the silt and rocks.

Kirra and Myst wats water purge from ground anf from a cylinder then Jan. The liquid ripples. The ripple spread water to flesh.

Jan lays naked on ground.

Minst looks away.

Kirra and Jan stare. The time feels to stop.

Jan says, ,,We need to help. We need to stop the killing.'' Her voice though calm and quiet is heard by Kirra like a song sung in mind for a long span time.

Kirra looks at Jan.

,,WHERE WERE YOU,'' says Minst loud seeing Myst carry a child toward the bank.

Jan sits up and pills robe over shoulders. ,,Talking with Blue,'' says Jan.

,,WHAT,'' says Kirra and Minst.

A huge cone of white snow sprays over from the cover of the tents near Jan, Kirra and Myst. The cone spays and snuffs out the flamse licking the darknes.

,,BLUE,'' says Jan in a loud voice as she stands and raps robe around body. She grabs back.

Kirra looks from the cone of snow to Jan. ,,BLUE?''

Jan nods and bends to grab her staff. ,,The Forest.'' She rises to a full stand and feels pain throb from back where the arrow pierced her flesh. ''The Nature of the canyon.''

,,THE WHAT,'' says Minst looking from the cone of white to Kirra then Jan.

,,THE NATURE OF THE CANYON,'' says Kirra. 

,,I HEARD?'' He stares and Jan. ''NATURE?''

Jan nods and steps between Minst and Kirra then runs toward the river and the bodies of bears, deer, centars, humans, dwarves and elves.

Kirra and Minst follow Jan as Spear watches from a distant.

Ranger and druids kneel by bears and moose limbing or lying spreading salve over wounds and wrapping cuts with bandages. Two elves hold the shoulders of a dwarf biting on a piece of wood while a human pulls and straightens the legs of the dwarf.

Above the archer post lay empty or filled with dead bodies of slumped bodies of Diamond Archers.

A group paramter of Centars, orcs, sytrs and wolves and rangers stand in the shodows of trees and shrubs and watch the tent city people run around. The aim arrows and spears at soldiers and archers standing and forming a walls along the parameter of the clearing. Their tense muscles wait and listen to the muffled moans and groans of injured animals.

Spear stands smelling the sweat and blood, the fire smoke and the hint of fless and blood. He watches a white cone extingush the flames of the tent town near the place he stands then watches Wiliam break with the line and follow Dante and the soldiers across the river with buckets full and empty.

As the last of the flames on one side of the tent town flame out on one side of the river, Dante raises his horn and blows a rabid and instense series of sounds increasing William's heart and sending punches of fear upon Spear, who steps toward the dige of the forest.

Dante raise one hand and makes a fist then opens that fist flat.

The line disperses. Men and women in robes adorn with diamonds jog to the fallen people. Soldiers run to the parameter and begin to spear along the eidge of the camp and help other solders lift logs and rocks to buld walls. They jump into holes and pull out crossbows and aim them at the forest.

Don runs with diamond covered robe from the smoldering tent town toward Dante as Dante steps beside William.

,,Where you stand?'' says Dante.

,,With my pack,'' says William. He looks at Dante. ''With life.''

They stare for an instant until Dante speaks. ,,Will you help us defend?''

,,I will help those wounded,'' says William stepping away and jogging toward the smoldering tent city.

The sun light fade to dark. The bright light around the camp parameter.

The fires flames are tamed to clouds and columns of smoke. Smoke rises above the trees and the mountain ledge to the clouds above.

The clouds cover stars and moons. The clouds collide. They become heavy and snow.

Snow falls from the clouds through the smoke. Big whit flakes shift and flow down to the ground covering the rocks, trees and animals with a refresh lay over snow.

Jan, Kirra, Myst and Minst walk and kneel along the shore and help bandage and stitch and clean the wounds. Kirra and Jan help bandage and spread salve over two orcs guarded and caught after the battle then set broken legs of one bear and moose while working under the watchful  eyes of the soldiers. Myst uses Jan's salve with bandages given to her by the Priests of the Diamond to cover burns and cuts of kids and women while Minst pulls the dead from the living and helps separate the wounded from the dying.

William carries the dead and dying, the cut and burnt from the tents and words to the clearing near the creek leaving his armor The wounded of the Diamond are seperated from those of the forest. He follows a line of women and limbing warrior from tents to shore picking up people from under wood and cloth to setting down near the shore.

Soldiers stand around the river banks and forest's edge behind loose and makeshift walls. They peer from light to dark trying to see beyond. They listen to the sounds that surround for twig snaps or animal call, but only hear the cries, shouts and commands.

Nothing is hear from the forest but the whistle of the wind as the druids, rangers and beast silently retreat into the cover of night now they no longer hear the call of the Wild.

Though Spear doesn't hear a call, he feels the pull of the wild along the trail of the creatures.

Spear watches as each being on by one helps lift one that is dead or dying and escape into the night. With one last glance at Willaim walk across the opening, Spear lifts a dead doe and runs through trees and brush.

William neither hears nor sees Spear, but thinks of Spear. He thinks of

William neither hears nor sees Spear. He looks at the forest line with each walk from tents to river and river to tent. His mind flows from Spear to Shake then to Buckey as he lifts a dead soldier from under a fallen horse. He stands and stares and lets the snow cover as the snow falls.

,,Buckey,'' says William. The name is heard as it is said then it is thought.

Thoughts span beyond the head to body.

William stares. He stands and looks at arrows stuck in neck and head. He stands as people toss two elves and a wolve from the bodies between the tents and the forest. Two men are pulled away.

William stares at the dead horse has the horse is lifted and the voice, ,,William,'' is heard.

A soldier with a wooden shild strapped to back and face stained with blood and mud.

William peers at the soldier then nods and crouches. He says between clenched mouth and pressed teeth. ,,Do I know you?''

,,No, Don't-'' the man by William grunts.

The horse moves.

The mans says with release. ,,Dante." He breaths heavy. ''Dante.''

William nods, picks up a body a boy with wooden horse held in hand.

The wooden horse falls to grounds as Willaim walks through tents to the shore, from the bodies to the bodies.

The dead die. The wounded maon and shiver.

Wool blankets and tents are gathered and seperated and moved from the tent cities to the shores. The tents are errect around kids, men and woman laying in the ground. The wool blankets are pile upon bodies shaking with the chill.

Snow falls gathers. Blood seeps between rocks.

Myst binds cuts, cleans cuts and spreads Jan's salve over the wounds. The song in her mind is a flat pumps of collective heart beat. The notes fall with each whimper and cry and plead.

Kirra with Jan set deer legs, forge the forest for salve then cook and watch the forest and listen. They both see the elves hanging in trees peering over the camp as it begins to shift from on tent camp around the river and the wounded. Jan watch people peer as they pass never letting the back be turned toward her or Kirra.

Kirra peers at a satry walk with pipes and blow gun near the edge of forest watching. Kirra looks then pulls anis root and walks one over the ground picking up arrow straight sticks and anis roots and peddle mushrooms while glancing at the soldiers beginning to water into the parameter of the trees.

Kirra looks at Jan. She points to her eyes as points a finger at a soldier walking and watching Kirra and Jan.

The soldiers hold crossbow and sword while other hold shovel and dig  and pile dirt. Soldiers carry kids, men, women to holes dug and toss the bodies in the shallow graves. Soldiers stab dirt mound with shovel and pours dirt over dead human bodies. The soldiers stare and point and talk as Jan and Kirra walk looking through the ground. A few soldiers stab shovels into dirt and walk to Kirra and Jan.

Jan nods pulls her cloak closed as wind blows.

Wind blows snow mist and cold. It blows throught the camp and forest and follows the rabid run of Spear and deer, badgers, elves, orcs and dwarves. The deer, bears, bobcats,  badgers run from the rush to herds, brush, holes and caves.

A few being clad in black holding a head deer run from group and silently into the night.

Spears runs through trees and snow into a cave.

Darkness deepens and Spear's rat sight sees the hear radiating beings run over rock around a bend in the tunnel. The sounds of rocks shifting and sliding surround.

Sounds of rabid bass pounds pump through tunnels. Horns and a guitar push past.

Foot fall echoes are not heard.

Spear smells smoke and flesh between whisps of mint and sage. Deep inside a burning for food bursts and pushes saliva from his mouth and feet. Feet step and leap and jump up rock loose ground and toa red light.

Bright fire light burns from bondfire burning center of a  cavern. The fire leaps high into the sky reaching only the darkness. Sparks and pops shoot ambers to floatup into the dim and to the rock roof.

Beings pile bodies of bears, deer, elk, cougars, bobcats, humans, elves, dwarves near the file. Being take the body and pull the kin from the bodies and toss the meat to a pile. Beings take the skin and stretch it over stick frames and rocks near the fires beating rubbing stretched skin. Beings take the bodies of the dead and cut slabs of flesh and toss the flesh onto rocks and spears near fire. Flesh is passed around to beings standing and dancing.

The dance on rock tops and the flat expanse of the cavern to the wall and the ledges above. The dance spreads from satyrs and centars and humans and animals. The dance is lead by on near the fire pit with hair weaving and twirling through the air grabbing and passing red blood flesh around to the drums and flutes.

Spear's heart pace begins to race with the drums and flute. It beats the feet to pound the ground and head to sway and bounce as body trounces and bounces along the stone floor.

The flames rise and burn away Spear's site beyond the fire and the music and the meat bit and chewed.

Blood drips from Spear's rat snout and along his body as the dance spans from body to the shadow.

The drums beat deep and the flutes whistle a ring beyond the pitch of a scream, but niether drum nor flute flows beyond the cave entrance as more being beech the entrance to join the dance and the trance beneath the rock and dirt.

Beyond the rock and dirt and through the trees and over the rocks sholves dig deep into the ground and piles of dirt moving the dirt from a hole on into a hole, over rock or on body.

Soldiers stick shovels into dirt and drop dead bodies on the pile and begin to walk and surround Kirra and Jan.

Kirra looks and Jan and Jan looks at Kirra.

Kirra grabs her short sword and dagger hilts and pulls them both from sheaths. He kneels below the brush line and picks a root from ground with knife tip. She looks up at Jan.

Jan lowers hand and spreads out palm. She then whispers and blows, ,,William. They surround,'' that is carried on the wind to William as the soldiers begin running through the brush with knees kicking up and plats of armor thrashing. Jan raises staff and swings.

Vines stretch and wrap around soldiers legs and arms pulling them away and down and forward and way.

More soldiers leave shovels and pull solderis from vines and wrap the vines around Kirra.

Kirra leaps and slams body on solder while kicking aside another. She breaks free of two hand clasping shoulder then swings knife at another soldier punching at her face.

The first hits face, but slides off.

Two, three, six, ten soldiers rush grab and pin Kirra and Jan to the ground.

Two more soldier bind their mouths as three other's tie their hand and mouths.

Three more kneel to hold Kirra's legs to the ground. One tried to pull her legs apart.

One soldier breaks silence, ,,Lets stab 'em a few times before.''

,,No,'' interupts another. ''No time. Get 'em in the hole.''

,,Kill 'em now,'' says another.

One stands, ,,NO!" The one standing looks through the words. The says soft and calm. ''I want them to suffocate.'' He looks to the graves. ''If we kill them. Dante will know.''

,,BUT!'

The one smacks another. ,,BURY THEM.''



