William says, ,,I thought smelled shit.''John of the Goblinkin raises hunched posture and cackle howls. ,,John of the Goblinkin may indeed smell like shit. I...'' John of the Goblinkin steps from dark to light ofrom the glowing bars. ''I am you're owner.'' John of the Goblinkin licks lips with slimy black tongue over pointed teeth. ''Shit is your owner.'' John of the Goblinkin cackle howls and spits at William.

William punches bars with guantlet. Sparks fly.

John of the Goblins spits. 

Spit flys through spark onto William's face.

John of the Goblinkin wipes brown spit from his shinny green skin. John of the Gobilnkin taps bars as sparks fade. John of the Goblinkin pulls out the Jeweled Dagger from belt and taps the glowing bars before Spear. His voice squeaks and growls, ,,Shaman. Oh, Shaman. I feel.'' John of the Goblinkin cackle howl, sniffs. ''I...'' licks ;ointed teeth. ''I feel you, Shaman.''

William says, ,,Quiet your stench spread from your mouth.''

Cackle laughs leadd John of the Goblink kin looks at William.

,,Or,'' says John of the Goblinkin. John of the Goblinkin walks and taps the Jeweled Dagger on glowing bars by Guile and KIrra.

Guile says, ,,That's my knife.''

John points knife tip to self. ,,This is mine. It is my reward. It is mine.''

,,Reward,'' say William. ''Reward from who and why?''

John says, ,,Me, shit. Shit is who and why.''

Guile looks at the jewel on the Jeweled Dagger then peers at John. ,,You give me dagger.'' Guile think of cackle howl, the pointed teeth, the spit and face of John. He repaeats the memroies and the joy felt by John. 

John feel pleasure at spitting at Spear.

The spit hits Spear's foots. 

Spear doesn't move. He stares at ground. 

,,Shaman,'' says John. ''Do you want my dagger, Shaman?'' 
 
,,Coward,'' says William. He claws the cloth over guantlet, but can not grasp the cloth.

 John taps dagger tip to Spear. ,,You can have Blue, Shaman.''

,,Leave him be or you will see no more,'' says Myst.

William says, ,,Blow your stench from here.''

John sniffs and licks pointed teeth and cackle laughs.

,,Who are you?'' Minst says. ''How do you know us?''

John sniffs. ,,I am John of the Goblinkin. I am your owner. I am smart and control you.''

Kirra laughs. 

John steps and points Jeweled Dagger tip at Kirra. ,,You be quiet, Kirra. Or I find Jan's the Tree and chop it down.''

KIrra leaps from lotus sit and hits bar and reaches of John of the Goblinkin, grabs John of the Goblinkin and pulss John against the glowing bars.

Kirra's presses againt the pars. The bars sizzles and burns Kirra.

John cackle laughs and raises jeweled dagger.

Kirra holds John's hand holding Jeweled dagger.

Kirra's flesh burn, and her body shaocks, jolts and falls to ground.

,,You get a jolt from the jail,'' says John of the Gobinkin. 

John of the Goblinkin points dagger along the rows of jail cells. ,,For that, you don't get to eat.'' And with that John of the Goblinkin walks to the dark.

Wiliam peers at the dark where John stepped. ,,The smell as spoiled my desire for food,''

,,Kirra,'' says Myst. ''

Kirra lays still. 

Spear looks from the floor to Kirra. ,,Kirra.''

Kirra lays.

,,Kirra,'' says William loud. 

Kirra lays.

william steps and looks at Kirra.

Guile trys to repeat the actions of John the Gobilnkin to find a pattern in the mind, but the thoughts fade like forgotten.

Spear looks at the floor, and Myst sings.

,,Kirra,'' says William.

The pack abides by sitting and standing until a hunger pains.

Guile says, ,,Maybe we could talk with them to let us go if we promise to leave. We could go to Lyno. Shake. Shake always talked about Waterdown. Waterdown is far. And we don't need to remain? Maybe we could return to the mountain. No goblins army will enter the mountains. We can enter. We can.''

Minst says, ,,How do they know who we are? Why do they care?'' His head feels light then heave. The birght light shifts to dark then light then dark.

,,The know we helped Flare,'' William pausses. ''They know we helped blow a road. They know we were there when the trolls attacked. They could know us from Lyno, The tower, the canyon.'' William looks at Minst. ''They know about Carlos.'' He stares to nothing and says, ''Maybe they are Carlos?''

,,How can John the of the Goblinkin own us?'' says Minst.

Myst voice cracks dry.

,,Carlos,'' sasy William. ''It is probably Carlos who owns us-''

Myst voice breaks and she stops.

William looks at Myst. ''Myst are you feeling well.''

Myst plls on the white rope over body. ,,The instrument is too dry to play.''

William holles. ,,FOOD AND WATER!''

Kirra wakes and lays. ,,They hear..''

Minst says,,What if it is Carlos-''

William says, ,,I don't wish to discuss, Carlos,'' says William.

Guile wraps arms round stomach fat and hunger pains. ,,We discuss nothing. They listen.''

Hunger pains rumble and  shock body. Dry lips smack and stick lips. Tonuges swell and lay parched like a desert.

Kirra and William sleep, and Guile snores.

Myst think of song and talks to Regihn though Reighn doesn't sing or speak to Myst until Myst sleeps with song soothing the hunger pains.

Minst sees shapes and colors span dreams and wake mind as hungre spreads and twists. He moans.

Sleep and dream time passes and the bars glow and glow.

Kirra sleeps and wakes and stretchs body and lifts, paces cell siling looking beyond the bars.

Spear sits, sleeps and stares without thought. He sits.

William tries to pull sack of guantlet, pushes on bars, taps on stone wall and tries to peer through bars between sleep, rest and restlessness pushing at his mind.

Myst hums and things and sings and talks to Rieghn between the sleep. She shares looks and a few stares with William, but William breaks and paces or rolls away.

Minst watches Myst and William and sits and sleeps. He touchs his stomach. He stares along the concret floor at Guile.

Guile  sleeps and tires to slip in to mind, but minds only darkness.

Darkness covers. The lights glow.

Then a smell of shit spreads.

Kirra sniffs and says, ,,Shit.''

William lifts head from concret floor. ,,John the Goblins.''

,,John of the Goblinkin,'' says John of the Goblinkin. ''At your service.''

John of the Goblinkin holds jewelled dagger and walk into the light. 

Soldiers wearing black leather and black chain mails steps silent behind John of the Goblinkin. Small shields are strapped to back and short swords are sheathed.  The soldiers step two side by side behind John of hte Goblinkin.

John stops steps and clicks heel to heel. He grins at William.

The soldiers step behind until the soldiers stand from side to side of the set of cages contaning the pack.

William stares at John of the Goblinkin.

John looks at William adn then over the cells to the pack. His voice squeaks and cracks. ,,WE are going a journey,'' The Jewelled Dagger top is pointed a tthe pack. ''We can go as calm and quiet as summer breeze or violent like a hurricane.'' He points the dagger tip at William. ''You will be the one being hurt by the storm.'' John clicks and clacks annd snaps.

A soldiers opens Guile's cage door. Four soldiers steps around Guile. Guile stands.

,,You are weak,'' says William with peer at John. ''I challenge you to an hour fight.''

A solder pushes on Guile's back. 

,,I may be weak,'' says John with a click. He points knife point at his face. ''I'' then points knife point at William. ''Be your owners.'' John licks lips and smiles.

Guile and the soldiers step from cage and to the dark.

Minst, cage door opens. Four soldiers enter.

William stares at John. John stares at Willam.

The four soldiers around guile stand as on ties Minst mouth and hands behind back. The push minst drom the cage to darkenss.

Myst's cage door opens. She stands around four soldiers. One soldier ties her hands and around her mouth and eyes.

William looks at John and glances at Myst as she walk swith the four soldiers.

John of the Goblinkin cackle laughts and snorts. Lips pull back from sharp teeth.

The door opens before Willam. 

Four soldiers steps silent inside. 

William raise fist, leaps. 

The soldiers spread from William's rush. Three raise steel rods. Two steel rods touch William.

William falls limp. 

Rope is tied around wrista arms and legs.

The four soldiers pick up William and carry him to the dark.

The door opens to Speaer's cell. 

Spear stands with head low. His hands and arms are tied with ropes. He walks with the soldiers with head low.

Kirra lays on the floor as the door opens. she looks up as the soldiers stand around. She stands. She is tied with rope and looks at John. She walks with the soldiers wit John of the Goblinkin following the soldiers.

The pack and the soldiers step thorugh the dark to a light. The light brightens and becomes a room with a wooden floor. 

The soldiers stand. 

The wood floar creaks and shakes. It rises into the dark lifting the group. 

As the floor, the pack and the soldiers rise from the light to the dark, a light above appears.

Wood smoke and sweat fill the dark with a near touch with their heat. Heat presses. 

Guile couahts.

The floor creeks and moans. 

Light pushes into the dark toward the rise pack with shouts, clicks and laughter.

The wood floor rise sto the light, and the light illuminates inot a cavern as tall nearly as tall as the tower and wider than the castle. 

Light illuminates like day rock walls form a perfect dome covered with small silver disks. The dome opens to a grand hall like those seen in the Were Vein of under moutnain dwarven city.

The wood floor raises from the dock and holds agains a stone floor. 

The stone flor spans flat and wide with other wooden circles spread around. 

Creatures and large wheeled wagons stand in a distand hall like waiting in line.

Minst's says. ,,Where are we?''

Then everything flashes...



