Minst watched William and Spear be taken by Grun from the Rose Stadium. He tried to talk with Shake, but Shake was taken away by two armored covered dwarves before Shake could say a word or cast a stare. As he watched Shake be taken away, a flash appeard near. Once the flash faded a dwarf with a naked face and short cropped hair poking up from folds of a red robe.

Then another flash, but this flash covered Minst and then faded to reveal  steel and stone, relief etchings and statues and runes glowing. In the center he stood. His calles for, ,,Who's there," and "Hello," echoing to silence.  Minst sat on the ground pulled out his spell book. Before the spellbook  rested with open page, Minst felt a focused force pound his shoulder causing him drop is spellbook and stand.

He looked around only darkness then hear laugh bounce here and there. He bent over to pull components from a bag and another sting dug deep into the flesh before he could pull components for light from the bag. Then after another laugh there was light.

The light reveal glass walls and stone and metal floor and ceiling hung high above the city. The large room usually used for confrense of the mages of the vein. Its vaste size able to accomidate a standing room of robes. It is at the top of a large stalactite suspended above the cavern secured by dwarven engineering and steel.

The levels of the stalactite from top to bottom began with the Common which serves as the entrance via hanging walkways fassened to the ceiling and four tunnels in the moutain that spiraled into the Common area. The Common is the acrhive of the Vein's history, the largest library of the moutain, a place for talk and meeting of the minds. It is the Common place for all to meet to gain knowledge. It is blow the Common and lower in the stalactite where the mages and sages live, work, learn, study and train. It is in the stalactite where Minst servered his early rotations of his sentence.

Below Common is the open Conference area where Minst first arrived. It is where he first learn a lesson that if one is going to be an offensive mage then one should always keep components for spells on the body and not on the sack that can be taken, left or dropped after being hit by a sling bullets. It was a lesson learned in the the Conference area and continued in the multi level Education area below Conference.

Education is minimal traning area, component preseve and protected area to shoot summons, enchant, charm or alter using magical spells. Small rooms span one level then is connected to an area with dictionaries of runes and lore and the collective of spells caste by all mages of the vein. Education continues to the Storage or Education Storage (as translated to common). The storage rows of shelves from floor to ceiling  holding everything from wheat to snail to pee of Red Dragon. From common to rare near endless amounts of components for spells can be found in the Education Storage.

Education, Conference and Common are maintained by the tens of dwarves, called a Novice, selected to be educated by the Veins' mages. Their rooms and living areas reside below the Education Storage. In the quarters is contained all that is needed for eating, sleeping, drinking and living for the students. The wide and vaste area though near the bottom of the stalactit spans over an area of a large palm or a small lake. The rooms around the edge of the stalactite with hall leading to the exercise and dinner and kitchen, washroom and classrooms, in the center. The center also leads deeper still into the rooms and living area of the Masters.

The Masters the few mage perminently living and operating the school. The Masters are not attached to any Pack. Nor are they loyal to any but the Mage and Vein Councils. The Masters control the direction and the laws of magic use through all the vein. The connect all the mages to a single point like the stip of the stalactite.

Masters living area does have guest quarters fro the rare mage guest. It also has jails for those rare occasions a daemon is summonzed and is unwilling to return. These jails are on the lower levels near the tip.

The Tip is glass tip to lounge, talk and stare at the city before. 

It wasn't until the last few rotations that Minst seen and lounged in the tip.

After being hit by sling bullets in Conference, Minst was introduced to Slani, the Head Master of the Sage Stalactite, who was not only fluent in what was called, translated from dwarven to common, Surface, the common tongue used by those living on the surface, but also she was very skilled at the sling being able to hit objects as far as a short bow can shoot an arrow with accuracy equal to the greatest of arches. 

It is with the given of a sling braided from hemp with a dragon hide pocket to hold the bullet. It was created by Slani, and a gift to show apology for the rude beginning and lesson as well as a tool to begin to show Minst the art of combat casting and using spells and weapons as one. Slani began to show Minst the basics of holding and loading a sling as the walked to the Education area and the Novice chambers where Minst was given a room wide and long enough to lay with without bending. 

Slani then left Minst to the room, the magical door close, and Minst was left to sit and wait. Minst played with the sling the first night. He looked at his spell book. He looked over his components. The following rotation training and work began.

The ten rotations after trial at the Rose Pack Stadium Minst began a rotation helping scrub the kitchen floors with the other Novice mages. Silence was the rule of any new Novice, so Minst remained silent listening to the older Novice talk in dwarvish being up a word from time to time. After cleaning of the kitchen was complete Minst ate then was given instructions on how to help organize and account for the components in Storage. It amazed Minst beyond life to see so many rare components that it was more a pleasure than a pain to go through each component for many ticks of time simply to help archive the current amount of each. Then after accounting of components time ticked to education of offensive spell and use of weapons.

Minst was trained on the sling and show how to position the sling and throw the stone and aim. Slani pressed upon the sling because typically a mage is not going to win at hand to hand combat with a seasoned warrior. The sling offered distance to strike down with an aimed strike to the head or create a distraction as a spell was readied and thrown. The sling and the bullet thown can also disrupt any spellcaster in the dance and talk of pulling magic from the weave and creating a tapestry of the spell relase.

The sling did come second to Minst better being able to aim and control his spells of fireball, lighting bolt, magic missle, flying rock, punching fist, phantasm arrow. Minst was given training, a working training with illusions and protective spells, with the other Novices in side caverns, rooms, walkways, bridge, ledges and caves. The battles require Minst to better understand the role of active battle with subjectfocues upon him.

The remaining rotations Minst learning how to cook the food of Novices, continued to arrange and clean the compnent room, something that he found himself doing in some of his spare time. He began to talk in the broken dwarvish he began to know and he began to read and learn from the dwarvish scripts.

The battle training continued and intesified during the final days of the rotation punishment. The phyisical punishment continued. The protection spells were soften. The pain of the lighting bolt a jolt more than a shock. Minst and the Novices even traind in the Rose Pack Warrior barracks running on ledges, casting a fireball then leaping down behind stone to protect. They ran and hid along the walkways high above the city with the order to not damage the anything. Only once did Minst cause a railing to burst into flame that was quickly extinguished, and MInst used the remaining of training to mend and fix the damage.

During the night when Minst was all alone in his room he would study spells. He also began to create and weave a belt with small pockets to hold his components close. He created a pack from his sack finding the clummy and large nature of the sack was not condusive to battle. He read books on strategy of fighting large battles. He studied a few new spells allowed to him by Slani. He even practiced the sling in such a tigh space.

It was the space and the tight spots of casting and using a sling that Minst learned most. His tall body and long arms made for casting any closed space, but with training he was able to caste even the most elaborate spells caling for waves and shapes to be created with arm movements to be caste in tight spaces. The sling he could now caste a rock a bullet from the sling and hit near the aimed object.

It was the second to last rotation when Minst was allowed to to have his will to pick of five components from storage, and it took the entire rotation for him to pick a feather from griffen, pollen from a gluity flower, feces of a deep snake,  fur of a displacer beast, flakes of a red dragon scale. The feather would alow Minst to fly, the pollen to allow Minst to become mist, the feces to create a fire that could cover the valley, the fur to displace ones image, the scale flakes  to make spells effects last for many rotations of the sun. The components them selves would not be used for years for Minst had not the skill of body and mind to caste many of the spells the components create, but they would allow him time to think and dream of the awe and effects. The night after he slept without reading his spells, but with thoughts of his companions who he had some, but little thought of during his days in the Sage Stalactite.

The morning came, and instead of eating and cleaning Slani escorted him to the court yard, the court yard where he first seen the dwarven vein what felt to be an long time ago.

He waited. He sat and read. He filled his component belt with components. He looked at his sling until Spear and William leading a pack for warriors.

,,Minst!" hollers Spear.

Minst looks up and smiles. He stands leaving spellbook and backpack on the stone ground. He smiles and tries to say with a deep voice. ,,Spear."

Spear and Minst hug. Minst lets out a gasp from the squeeze.

William steps and slaps Minst on the back, ,,Where have you been my friend?"

Spear lets Minst free. Minst stumbles back and smiles. ,,Training to fight with  spells like you both fight with weapons." Minst picks upon his now packback from the ground and sliing it over shoulders. "And you?"

,,Here," says Spear.

,,Walk and talk," says Grun. He steps by Spear ignoring Minst. "If you're going to lead the pack you need to learn to lead and walk."

Spear's body straightens and becomes on guard. He looks at the lift, nods at Minst and walks past leading the pack to the huge, opening, doors to the lift.

William throws an arm around Minst, says, ,,Have you been talking with anyone else?"

Minst smiles. ,,I have not seen Myst. I have only seen the inside of the Sage Stalactite and spells."

William flicks the sling hanging from Minst belt. ,,A new weapon you have."

Minst looks down at the sling as the walk. He looks at William, smiles. ,,Yes." He nods. "It's a facinating weapong. The head master gave me this sling."

William nods. 

,,Spear leads. And you carry a hammer," says Minst.

,,Training," says William.

They stare uncomfortably. Then they look forward. William drops from his arm from Minst's shoulder. They follow Spear and the pack to the lift.

A boom sounds as the doors open. 

Dwarves sit upon the lift base. Some stand and walk from the lift. Others stand and create the pack lead by Spear.

,,Do you know why I am here?" says Minst finally breaking the silence between William and Minst.

William shrugs and pivots head side to side. ,,Your appearance was as much a suprise to use as it seems to be of you."

Minst looks from William then walks around the packs of dwarves standing on the lift. Willam follows nodding at a few dwarves who peer at Minst and smile and nod at William.

,,KIRRA!" is hollered by Spear.

