Goblins Soldiers stand every where. Soldiers fill the empty road around the castle entrance. Soldiers stand on balconies and woodens stands. Soldiers hold sword, shields and torches around the pack.

The pack lays in nets and snow and mud wrapped tight in nets over nets. The pack shfits and pushes against the pull of the net ropes as the soldiers hold the pack in a bundle.


Light caste over the pack soldiers standing around the buidings, road and the pack. Torches burn to smoke and night. Lamp lights hang from posts. A window blows the flames.

Light castes over Shake's dead body beyond the gate of the entrance of the stone castle.

Wiliiam sees betweem soldiers and the gate to caste and to Shake's still body.

The soldiers jostle and push to see the pack all wrapped in the mud.

Light castes around Flare as Flare walks from the nets and the pack to the side of John of the Goblinkin.

,,FLARE!'' hollers Spear. He wigles and flexes, and ropes spread and break. Spear raors a roar the blows back a few goblins raors with fright. He stands and smalls steps and tries to leave.

Ten soldiers pulla and Spear's net over body and drag him to ground as another net falls over Spear.

Flare stand by John of the Goblinkin.

John of the Goblinkin lowers face near William's face. He grin letting tusks and sharp teeth pulls poke over lips. ,,I have you, William Westmore.''

,,You do not know who you have,'' says William.

,,Who are you?'' says Minst as Spear speaks.

,,Let us go,'' Spear leaps and shouts. '' AND I NOT RIP YOUR ARMS OFF.'' Spear push and pulls, but only creates a wiggle in the net wrap.

,,Never trust a golbin,'' says Guile. Guile feels echo emotion feels of words. Gulie feels the hate as a burn and sweat from all goblins kin that surround except Flare. Guile's body feels like pain of twisted ankle.

John the Goblins points at Guile's ankle, laughs, stands, raises hands and covers face with palms then walks away with hands at sides between the hall of goblins soldiers toward to the goblins inn.

Flare steps and follows John the Goblinkin.

,,FLARE,'' william shouts before a bag is pulled over and tied to head.

Guile spats. ,,BLOODLESS SHIT INBREAD.'' Guile feels his ankle pain thump through boday with the emtion of rage of the soldiers feeling Guile's words. Guile peers away the pain and sees for Flare's mind.

Flare's mind is lost from the inult.

Bags are pulled over all the heads of the pack.

Guile shouts, ,,JILKST TI,'' hears only a whisper.

Ropes are tied around their bodies and the nets around the bodies..

Their bodies lay in mud, snow and muck until their bodieas are lifted and thrown on the a wood surfaces.

The woodsurface shifts and shakes. Wheel squeak rolls with mud splash. The wood floor bumps and pulls.

The pack pulls and shifts and twists hands and forearms, feet and ankle. Guile shouts at minds to hear there echo of to feel the burning shake pain of thought reverb.

The packs thought echo to the pack from Guile. >Shake could get out...Is this a wagon?...Seen Reighn speak or...Go...Flare. ...Flare...Flare...Flare...<

>Magic bags stop sound.< sees Guile in surface talk to the pack's minds. The thought reverbs the pain in ankle for body. Guile coughs and only the pack hears a paced squeak and bang of boards.

They jostle and shake the lay still.

Sounds of steps splacshing slop around.

Clicks and clacks quiet...

An eagoblins hark peirces...

The wood floor vibrates softs. Pace squeak becomes a steady roll.

Spear tries to pulls robe, but net holds.

The sound of wagon wheel on wood shifts with the slights vibration change.

The wagon rolls and rolls and rolls.

The pack fidgets and pulls and grabs and stirms in their bundles.

The wagon rolls and rolls and bumps!

Guile pees. Guile's pee spread through trousers, branchign armor and into Rope of Reight. The pees pools then splashes.

The wogn roll stops. The squeak sound is silent. 

Clicks and clacks clack and click steady and calm. 

The wagon jerks, amd guile's pee seeps in to the cloght of the robe. guile ties to shove thought from of Spear of telepathic silence. 

Sonic sound from beyond the bag over the packs head are sounds of chains hitting chains, whips whipping, goblins clicks shouting, an echo of whistles and grunts.

The pack is liftes. 

Wiliam, Kirra, Spear shake and pull and twist against the rap of muscles squeezing henad and shouldeer and legs and ankles.

The sounds that surround with shout of ,,STOP,'' shout with clicks of ,,JTHT!'' become distant then silents.

The pack squirms and hovers. The opack bounces in the net cocoons.

Then boom! and bang as they hit stone with head and bodies. Spear hits stone wall and floor. William hits stone floor and Spear. Guile thuds aginst stone and stolls to stomac. And Minst lands on Guile and rolls against William. Kirra is tosses, hits wall falls on Spear. Myst is thrown on Minst.

MInst huffs. 

Clicks and clacks clack and click and thunks. 

Wagon wheel squeak a way. 

Chains rattle and shift...

The pack lays. Minst shifts and rolls against Guile letting Myst slip to stone. William rolls against Myst and Kirra slides betweeen William and Spear.

The pack lays. 

The pack squirms. Itches spread under arms and backs. Arms, legs, calfs cramp.

Guile sleeps and snores...

Spear sees a trees...

Myst plays a song to sooth the itch and cramp of back as she suffles and pulls...

Kirra feels beyond and nearly touches Jan.

William rubs thumb and finger of guantlet against net and rope.

The rope breaks.

Spear and Kirra shift and pulls against the rops and nets and loosen the rropes around shoulders and ankels. Kirra slips hand from rope. Spaer breaks rops and pushe net away from shoulders.

William rubs another rope and another rope is rubbed after songs are sang in Myst's mind after Minst's asks all the questions afte rguile reads clicks and clacks from minds and sleeps as Spear things of a tree then things of a rat.

Hungery pains and shivers wake and shift as pack slides between states of sleep and rage.

Rage calms...

A laughter like a cackle of a duck and howl of a wolf wakes the pack. The clackle howl calms for John of the Goblinkins click and surface talk like claws over steel. ,,They be talking about you for time to come.'' Chains rattle and click against steels. 

A bright lights shines and illuminates through hoods over head to white stained brown, red, tan. 

''Even John of hte Goblinkin will be talking about this time until the end of days.'' Boots steps around and shuffle near the stack of the pack.

The  stack of the pack lays calm. 

KIrra, Spear and William lays still with Guile, Minst and Myst.

''Lay still. John of the Goblinkin knows you are awake warriors.'' The voice clicks pain. John of the Goblinkin coughs like a barking dog. ''City smell got caught in the lungs. ...This mountains can old a stink, but no stink like the fat one.'' 

Guile feels a foot against his stomach jiggle his fat.

''Guile is it?''

Guile hears his name and tirest to mental shout to hear the mental echo only to be loston the question, ,,How knows name?''

Williams breaks rope and pulls out guantlet covered hand, pulls hood from face.

Light poles shine like bars of a cage. Darkness is between the bars and around the back. John the goblinkin stands. Door is closes. 

William punchs at John of hte goblinkin, hollers, ,,RELEAES USE TO LIVE.'' A specter fist flies from guantlet and at John of the Goblinkin. The first flights bends and hits the glowing bars.

A splash of sparks explode between bars and glowing bars then fall to darkness.

William raises head and squirms. His guantlet hand reaches for Spear.

Spear feels the rage or William and raors. 

The raor is hear though hood and by the pack. 

A steel pole is thrust between the glowing bars and presses against William.

A howl cackle clips with clicks then John of the Goblinkins.

William feels a joint and shock like lightening strickes. William's body goes limp.

Spear feels a spark, heat beat. His body shifts and snouts growns. 

Guile smells fumes of farmones from Spear. His arms feel to shift and jaw unlocks. Guile sees in mind a stone slape and a chiesl and the chisel chips away at the stone in Guile's minds...

Spear sees the tree and the growong roots become a root plant the grow down. His body shits with the net, the rose warrior armor, the Blue's armor and skin. Skin grows fur.

Rods of steel poke and prod Spear. 

Spear squeaks. The hood over Spear's head falls.

John the goblinkin step back with a cackle howl laugh. He snips and jumps, ,,You be fisty with John the Goblinkin your feel the pain. HA! But you sword and armor. they NEED to be gone.'' Says John like an off key sung song. ''And should muffle the mind of the fat one and cover the glove of the galent one adn we will have won the fights in the Gladitor pits!'' John of the Goblinkin clicks and clacks.

Light pulls swing back and John the Goblinkin steps back into the dark.

A distant cackle how says, ,,Strip!''


