,How big is the caravan?" says Myst.

Glik Ht pull glass from eyes and pushed down a towel covering face. He points to Myst's drum. ,,You play that thing.''

William says, ,,How big is the caravan?'' He releases on hand from cart pole and pivots to face the Glik Hik.

Glik Hik hugoblin's face peers to a point. It's skinny elf like nose flares. He skinny finger wiggle like playing a paino and feet stop boots.

The other two hugoblins standing near a glass cart, hooked to an oxgoblin, put hands on hips near hilts of daggers. Their dark goggles hang around neck and hoods cover heads. Shadows caste over face.

Myst says, ,,Do you sing, Glik Ht?''

Glik Ht's peer becomes a look at Myst. His elf-hugoblins mouth creates a skinny smile. ''I dance,'' says Glik Ht while stomping his feet.

Myst taps around the edge of here drum. 

Glik Hit stops boot agains the roungh glass ground. Glik Hit puts hands on hips and kicks a beat witha smile.

One with Glik Hit pulls back hood and claps. A face like a dwarf hugoblins smiles a broad wide small over block face. It's huge hands clap. Gloves on hands smack dust puffs.

Myst hums and glances at William.

William sweats, stares and clechnes fist. Rage spreads. Rage strickes a cord string. And in William's mind a guitar string sings and plucks. He stands.

Spear looks at William stares death at Glik Hit.

Kirra nudge's Spear with elbow then claps hand with Glik Hit. She looks around staring at hugoblins. 
 
Ox goblisn bluster and pull on a wagons.

Wagons, carts, ox goblins span in columns twenty wide, from talk flat galls wall to tall flat glass wall.

The tall fall glass walls rise the arch to a point. Along the point of the arch globes glow gold through the haze. The gold light illuminates the dark to dim along the columns. 

The columns span until the haze and dim light create sihlouettes. 

The sound from Myst's drum spans trhough the hall louder than the few moments of laughter and coughing. Mumlbes, click and clacking and talk stop and liste to Myst's drum beats that rattel a quick and slow pace.

Hugoblins looking like elves, dwarves, humans, gnomes, orc stand around the wagons and carts. The shapes and sizes fit long cloth jackets and skirts; thick hide pants and jackets; hoods and cloth coifs; goggles and masks; shashes around hips and face. Their cloths stained and dusty; frayed and cracked. Their boots and shoe smop over the shit, piss and sand covered ground.

Many being stand with scarf warf around mouth and face only seeing the eyes.

They glance, and a few stare.

Ox goblins bluster, stomp, shit and piss then settle. They glance at Myst and Glik Ht's stomping feet.

A few people clap with Glik Hit's stomp and Myst's drum thumps.

Kirra claps with the other traveller and steps from spear to the near an ox goblins. She glances around the travellers seeing knives, swords and a few cross bow hang
from waits.

Chaing mail and chain shirt sway with claps and a few foot stomps. Plates of mismatches plates of amorm clang. A pair of guants clap a bang with Myst's drums.

Myst hums low and high then sings a tone. 

A few more hands clops. Oxgoblins watch Myst step.

Myst spins. 

The song of Rieghn of Myst twists and spreads. 

The song of Myst strikes a cords in William's mind. William's clenched steel fist becomes a open hand to clap with Myst. He hums.

They song of Myst plays a swril and maze of sound in Guile's mind easing a mind pain and singing away a purr settling into soul and mind. He pulls the robe of Reighn
taight and hunges. His snout shrinks to a mouth and nose. The small wisps of furr over face flow into skin. His shoulders slouch and posture bend. He pulls the robe o
f Reighn around body and listens.

The song of Myst plays aroun Speaer. Spear stand and watches. He sees and feels the flicks of hangers. He sees a few people pull cloaks over heads and hide befhond wa
gons. One steps near Myst and William with hand on dagger. He sees and steps to stand with back to cart and eyes peering over the people and above the crowd.

Above the crowd the haze hangs and settles like the sound of the drums and clapping settles around as ambient noise.

William hums, speaks tones then speaks lyrics, ,,A tiiimmmmmeee. To fiiiiinnd. Our way is near.''

Willima and Myst hum hi and low with a slow roll of Myst's drums.

''The siiiiigns. And liinnnes. Are nothing to fear.''

William and Myst hum high and low with tone and a slow roll of Myst's drums.

''We wiiiiiiiil. For thriiiill. Rise with a cheer.''

William and Myst hum high and low with tone and a slow roll of Myst's drums and claps of Glik Hit.

''You caaaaaaaan. Have plaaaaaaan. Let our faith stear.''

Myst and William hum high and low with tone. Drums and claps slap a steady beat.

''Fate dooooooes. It loooooooves.  The Gods will not jeer.''

Many people stomp feet.

''You seesssss. Life beeeeeeeeee.  Our destiny is near.''

Many around turn and watch.

''Be strooong. Not wrooooooooong. And we shed no teeeeeeeeeeeeeears.''

Wiliam hears the song of Myst of Riegh play with his song of Reighn in mind. The song flows forth and spreads. 

An energy spreads from William through the people around. Guile's ankle pain fades and sore back sooth. Spear's bleeding forearms dries and heals. Kirra's throbing pinky stump sooths and the pain fades. 

Myst and William harmonized tones and hums.

Myst slows the drums beat to a few calm taps.

Glik Hit breathes deep and exhales a smiles, winks at Myst and nods at William.

Claps slow and stop. Eyes wander and stared. People sniff and cough. They look away and pull harnesses, reighns and wagon gates.

William and Myst face each other. William smiles. Myst feels his grin through the hum singing William's smile. 

Kirra and Spear peer through the crowd.

The crowd and queues span beyond the light sight Rise and Sex from their position.

Glik Hit claps loud and says loud. ,,You sing with Tune.''

William says loud, ,,I sing with Myst who sings with Reigh.'' He grins with a glow of pleasure vibrating through his body like a reverb of bliss.

Myst bows. ,,And Reighn sings with Tune.'' She looks at Glik Hik.

Glik Hik glance at his two friends. The two friends nods and clap and stare at the pack.

And Myst says, ''And with Tune William stands here for he...'' She raises arm and rests hand on William's shoulder. ''...has been sung for by Tune.''

Glik Hik nods and smiles. ,,You travel with Tune across the desert.''

Myst smiles. ,,What caravan do you travel?''

Glik Hik wipes forhead and sniffs. ,,Caravn? Well.'' Glik Hik lifts arms wide and looks around. ''This caravan.''

William fold arms and says, ,,We were informed by our caravan leader that we are to wait here to leave for the journey to the Rise across the desert.''

,,Caravan leaders are many,'' says Glik Hik. He claps hands. ''I'm a a caravan leader of two.''

One of Glik Hik's friends says, ,,Only if we die.''

All three laugh.

Spear glances at Guile as Guile steps around cart and by Myst and William and says, ,,Five.''

,,I don't not understand,'' says Myst. ''For we have been told that here is where our caravan would meet yet we are not familiar with any of the caravan nor are we intending to go without our cart across the desert.''

,,You cross with a cart alone is brave.'' He glances at two friends. ''Or stupid.'' He stares with no smile. ''You can make it to Oasis in the caravan.'' He looks and says, ''You never pull across the desert then you best be ready for a shattered wheel and axle. You hope you have a wagon that will last.''

Guile sniffs, ,,We part of a caravan.''

,,We are all part of a caravan,'' says one of Glik Hik's friend. 

A few people around who pull on knots, lift up bages, sit on ground, nod.

Glik Hik says, ,,We are all of a caravan. The hall is a waiting are of Order. We are in waiting hall five. Therea are five waiting halls. Each hall is opened.'' He waves hands toward the rise of the queue. ''We walk the Rise hall and leave along the Rise Mirror Path.''

Guile sniffs. ,,We are last in line.''

William says. ,,WE all travel as one?'' He opens eyes wide. ''How many travel in a caravn.''

,,We travel with thousands,'' says Glik Hik. 

,,You have credit you travel in middle,'' says a traveller near the pack.

William says, ,,Is that to mean that there are creatures waiting to kill us. Or bandits waiting to rob us? The frist and last of the caravan will then be robbed the m
ost?''

Glik Hik smile and nods head. ,,WE are to poor. We are attacked.''

Guild clear throat and coughs. ,,leave the poor in the pack for those nasties of the black.''

Glik Hik nods at Guile. ,,You been across the desert in a Caravan.''

,,No,'' says Guile. ''Worked outside.'' Guile looks away and steps back.

William says, ,,Is there not unity in this carvan? I will help fight if we are attacked by creatures of bandits. If we fight as one then we can fight against great odds and defeat.''

Glik Hik says, ,,The true enemy are not the bandits. The true enemey is the desert. You don't want to lose your food or water to theives or the weak who forgot to bring food and water.''

William looks. Spear shrugs and nods shoulders.

Kirra says, ,,Why leave as one?''

Glik Hik. ,,It is for protection and control of people entering and leaving city. It keeps the heat and sound out. It controls the flow.'' Glik Hik points to the Set of the columns to the opening of the hall. Other side are enter tubes.'' Glik Hik raise arms around. ''We are in exit tubes.''

Myst raises pitch of hum like saying yes. William says with the rise of hum in a even lyrical voice, ,,Why we all go as one? The desert will make the union undone.

Glik Hik smiles. Glik says, ,,One road leads to Oasis. Oasis has many roads travelled.''

,,We take our own road?'' says Spear.

Glik hik shakes heads, ,,I would not. You see. The road is wide and solid. The wagon wheels both wood and glass roll over the road. The wheels will sink in the sand off the road.''

,,Night travel,'' says Kirra stepping near Glik Hika.

,,We travel at night.'' Glik Hik. ''Not all travel only at night.'' He says with a wink. ''If you are powerful, if you are hurry, you travel day and night.''  His face relaxes and he glances at his two compains. ''We are not powerful. We travel at night with caravn.''

,,We travel together,'' says William. ''We form a bon of song and sing as a group.''

Spear looks at William.

Kirra glaces a peer at William. She says, ,,We travel together. We watch.'' She peers at the three at horses. ''Fight with if enemy our enemy.''

Glik Hik shrugs. ,,I hear good things. I think bad thoughs.'' He looks at William. ''We will travel near. We wll watchour own rears.

The other tow hugobins travelers put down a bag to stand.

Glik Hik looks away and grabs the sack from the back of the wagon.

The sack falls like a full blatter and plops on graound. 

An ox behind Glik's Hik's wagon stomps. A person in desert wrap pulls its reighns.

Glik Hik pull the blatter and click and cack all the way to under the ox. ,,You hurry,'' says Glik.

William glances at Kirra and lifts pole of cart.

Kirra steps and grabs the pole.

Glick stands and grabs the reighns of the ox and begins to scratch being the ox's ear as the other two pull the blatter under.

The ox pees, and ox piss streams onto the bladder sack top, splashes on the faces of Glick's pack as their hands pull open ad rope, unfassen hoos and peel back an ope
ning for the pee.

The ox pees into the bladder bag.

Glick clicks and clacks a laugh and bow.

Guile sees, and Guile steps by Glick. ,,Need to pee.''

Glick watches the pee of the oxgoblin fowl into the large sack blatter. He looks over at Guile. ,,You pee in the sack.''

Guile looks at William. 

William shurgs and nods head back.

Glick glances a William and smile. ,,You have not sack for your water?'' He watches the pee and says, ''Where you four from? You from the Set?''  He stares.

Guile sniffs. ,,Forgot our pee sacks.'' Guile looks to Willaim and Myst.

The whole pack seems to meet a stare. 

Glick says, ,,YOu need to you urine bag.'' He looks over the pack. ''You have no urine pack.'' His eyes open wide. ''You got money. Or you got power. My friend got money and power. He pees in a hole. I see even gray sheets got urine bags. Well, most gray sheets. The gray sheets that don't work and live in a building.''

,,Gray sheets,'' says Guile. ''Don't won't the bag. Needed to go.''

Glick sniffs, nods. ,,I smell the need to go.''

Guile shifts barnching robe to shift branching armor to pull poop from bumb.

Myst says, ,,Our song is quick tempo, so our mind forget without the focus of the present.''

Glick nods slow watching the golbin ox pee into back. ,,You can't forget when crossing the desert.''

Wiliam says, ,,How long will we wait for the passage to open and allow use to begin our sjourney?''

The oxgoblins pees, and drips and the Glicks friends seal the sack.

Glick clicks and clacks, glances at William, says, ,,The doors open at night. This night open the doors.'' Glick nods and hums the high low tone of William and Myst. ''I sleep now.''

William nods. He looks around the pack, and says, ,,We should sleep or rest.''

Kirra holds the poles and says, ,,Rest. I hold, watch.''

Glick smiles and bows before Myst. He stands with a yawn and wipe of brow.

Myst hums, and her hum spreads and her hums sings to hear of the bright sun and heat. Myst says, ,,The sun will hangs high above.'' She faces William. ''We have a time to ready if during the night we will leave.''

,,We should get a piss bag,'' says Guile.

Spear says from the other side. ,,You have yours.''

Guile glances at spear. He feels rage. He feels thought. He tries to mental shout, but the shout only echos in mind. He crinches.

Kirra pulls her pack from back and lets it plop to ground. ,,I have a piss sack. Two.''Guile steps and holds pee.

Kirra open her back and pushing hand between a scroll case, sack of diamond, bundle of jewels, some cream to the two piss sacks. She pulls both out and tosses one to Guile's feel. ,,Better than pants.''

Guile sniffs and bends to get the sack while look at Spear.

Spear glances at Guile then forearm. Spear's forearm's skin is smooth and healed.

Guile grabs the piss bag and pees.

Spear stretches and flexes. He rubs his hairless face as he stares over the people.

Kirra looks up at Spear as she sit with pack. ,,We rest until night.''

William shrugs shouldrs and nods. ,,Yes, I agree with plan.''

The pack rests and waits.

William feels the itch of the Scar of Reighn itch. He tries to puhs his hand under the leather padding and the strap of the breast plate, but can't wedge but can't reach, so William sits. He pulls of his breast plate, brachers, hip plates, crotch piece and hips plates. He pulls off the chaing mail. He kicks off is boots. 

Blood stains the armor and padds under the body.

He rubs the scare of Reighn but the itch doesn't sooth, so he stops and grabs a robe and cleans armor and sword and daggers, stopping to ask, ,,Any one have a wetstone?

Kirra pulls from her pack a wetstone and tooses it to his lotus twisted legs. 

William nods and hums with Myst's hum and soft wordless whispers. As he hums, the itch sooths.

As Myst hums and sing wordless whispers, she prays. He prayre and a song of humms, tones and cants like clicking. A calm song spreads. 

Glick clicks along as he sews a hole in a hope. His two partners tap fingers and feet with the beat of Myst click.

Myst's clicks spreads as Myst see colors splashs and twist through mind creating lands scape shapes and twinkles. 

The colors in Myst's mind span then a voice beings to sing a tone with Myst, and the color's splashs and spared and becoming black.

Through the black of Myst's mind, radiates notes and tones without beat.

Myst hears the sounds and hears them to order and hums the songs sung from Reign.

Guile and William, who sit and lay near Myst, hear her hums and whislte skipp beats, changes beats and lose beats.

Glick, long are he is done sewing, sleeps in his back stops snore and rolls in is sleep when Myst's song lonses beat. 

Myst sing on to the night.

Guile stops snoring stop when Myst's song  losing its beat.             

Guile began the song by sitting.

Guile sits on squishy ass, lays on side near Myst and sleeps. His mind releases and floats through a maze of pain, purring and space. The pain throbs from head and pumps with heart. The pain pumps thorugh the purring of a sphere of thought that grows over the pain, but then pumps away from the pains. Both the pain and purring float through the space of through as he sees a point through space in his mind moving from the pain and the purr to...

Guile snores with Myst's song. His snore moans through Spear's spine to his mind tensing Spear.

Spear stands and stares. Spear stares to see the columns of people stand, sit and sleep. He sees the light and the haze of smoke spread.

Kirra stands and holds the two wheeled cart. She says to Spear, ,,Food bags. Stack under cart poles to hold cart.''

Spear nods and piles a few food bags under the cart's pole handles  to the height of Kirra's hanging hands. Kirra release the poles and lets the wagon roll forward to reat its poles on the bags. 

Spear stands without moving. He stands without sounds. He stands and sees all that is before and feels all that is behind. After standing with legs parted for a few hours, and when his knees are numb, Spear feels a force pull on his legs then tug on his heart then body. 

Darkness surroounds Spear.

Spear hears a laugh, like mice, rats, squirells and bears laughing as one laugh. He feels a cold spreads from the floor. 

Spear hears ,,Where have you been?''

,,Blue,'' says Spear as he opens eyes to see beasts and people standing through the long hall.

Before beasts and people stand thorugh the great hall and after Spear stacks the sacks to let the cart reast withouth the help of Kirra, Kirra grabs her pack and bow, quiver and belt and sits. She pulls a robe from the top of the cart and throws it over lap and back. She puts hand in back.

For the span of time until people stand, Kirra feels for her powereds, a necklace, bag of gems, coins, and daggers. She arranges the powers to be near the top along with a few bars of soap and oinment received from the doctor gnomes in the gladiator living area.

She test the string of her Elven oakd bow strung with dragon hair. She tests teh leather ties an straps over arms and body. She uniteds a few briads and pulls all the braids tight in a bundle. She sits and meditates.

As Kirra meditates, the people stand, sit and sleep in rowls and columns between oxgoblins, carts, wagons and sacks. People pee and shit in cubes and sacks. They eat.grain. A few try to start fires that are only stomped out by guards.

A few black and red guards walk between the columns poking stares between carts and converssations. One walks by the pack and walks past glaring at Spear's massive frame standing and starring along the hall.

The calm of rest spreads. Laughter becomes snores. Talk becomes whispers and grumblins. 

Then with a loud thump, the golden dome lights above shine. 

A breez blows over the heads an into Spear's eyes. Hats fall off heads. 

Sleeping oxgoblins stomp and pound grounds, pull on yokes and chains.

The pack wakes. Guile opens eyes and stares. William grabs sword and stands and stares around. Kirra looks around and begins to gather her pack, bow and daggers. Spear blinks and stares. Myst's song becomes words to say, ,,It is night.''

William grabs his armor and begins to dreass the with the chainmail the the plates fassened around body.

Black and red soldiers holding banners march between the rows straighten their order. They walk past the pack. One nudges Click agains the oxgoblin.

Click smiles and holds hands to air with his stare following the path.

Thorugh the hall the rows straighten. 

William says as he fastens his breast plate. ,,Click, where do we go once we are beyone the walls?''

Click pulls on rope slung over their wagons. he grunts, ,,The desert. Sand. Sun.'' He puls and pulls.

The rope over wagon presses on the top of the mound rising from the back of the wagon.

People along the rose stand at attention an stare to the Rise and into the strong breeze.

To the rise of their dirction, the golden globes shine to darkness, and people span to sihlouettes then darkness.

Guile coughs and spits sand from mouth. He pushes to stand and stumbles. ,,Hungry.'' 

William flexes steel hand and stares at it as says, ,,WE have bags of food.''

,,Thirst,'' says Guile.

,,We have water.'' William grabs the poles of the cart. ''We need to pack for the road.''

Spear stands and stares, glances at William and folds arms.

Kirra pulls straps on back to fassen it to back then grabs the a bag. ,,Spear.'' She tosses a food sack in back.

Spear reaches and joins. 

Kirr says, ,,I have pack by wheel.'' She grabs another sack and looks at Guile. ''Fill with food. Eat.''

They stack the sacks one top of the wagon and over the wheel and axles.


The rattle of chains and moaning mooos of oxgoblins spreads like a sound wave with the wind and past.

People around stand straight. People a stones throw to the rise, steps.

The rows straighten, shift snad span.

Spear and Kirra throw the last sacks ton top of the cart. Kirra spreads a cover and pulls rope cover the hemp covere and through the rings on the side of the cart. He
 ties off. ,,We go.''

The wagon before William jerks, settles then rolls slow forward. 

The pack grab their robes and packs.

The pack moves slow with the rows and rows of people under the golden glow adn through the hall. All stare forward. All but Myst squint at the strong breeze. Bits of sand stink eyes.

A few people around pull clear goggle over eyes; wrap scarfs around mouths and nosel lower heads and pull.

The glass walls rise to the golden globs. The golden globes span to darkness.

The rows follow the globes to darkneess.

Gust sand stings face. 

William shouts as the step near the darkness. ,,The desert we approach.''

Kirra says loud. ,,MYST SING LOUD AND LEAD.'' She steps and grabs Myst's hand. 

Guile pulls up hoold of rope of reighn and looks to teh ground.

No sound or sand hit Guile's face. He hears people talk through the sound.

Myst thoathums deep a nd low through the soft sheer sheets of sound layering with gusts. Speckles tickle ears with sand hitting wagins and 

Then the wind gust and slaps skin.

Sand sprays face.

And blows from the pack's rise into face.

The ground rises at a stepp angle.

William's feet slip.

Cart rolls back.

Spear squints through water blurred sight and grabs the cart and pushes.

Kirra says louds, ,,MYST LEAD WILLIAM. WILLIAM LEAD CART. SPEAR WATCH.''

Kirra stepes to the side of the cart, pulls scarf tight around face. A small visor parts before eyes then holds hand before face to look side to side. She parts the s
carf and shouts, ''WATCH GUILE!''

Guile grabs the side of the cart and watches the ground. His feet slip. His hands side into pockets. He paces the hits of sand and the thrusts of gust of wind. He grabs the side of cart and walks up the slope into the the gusts.

The gusts becomes a wind blowing sand over heads, betweeen bodies, through coths. 

People fall to knees. Oxgoblins's stand and moo. Wagon's slip and roll back.

The rows rolling and walking up stop. 

Myst sees the slow ripple of people standing. She shoust with the wind to the hears of those that surround.  ,,The people are stopping.''

William slows and the back stops. 

Spear feels an shoulder hit back and the wet nose of an oxgolbins scratch sand. He pivots and shouts. ,,BACK.''

A goggle faced hugoblins stepe band and pushes back on the oxes head.

They stands with eyes shut and heads down.

Myst face the wind woth closed mouth, but throat vibrating.

The vibrations span into the wind a few wagons around. A few people sit on the ground. Others hold on to the animals.

Spear pushes and leans against the back of the wagon with back to the wind and eyes peering into the darkness away from the sand.

For an endless amount sand hitting face they stand until the rows to their wax and wane shift Rise and Set then walk to their Rise. 

The row of the pace then moves.

Myst shouts with hand over mouth. ,,THE LINE MOVES.'' Hums from through show her the step. She clenches William's hip plate and steps.

The pack follows. Spear walks backward. Kirra and Guile to the sides. 

After a few stops and a many stalls, the ground levels to near flat. 

The walls of dark press out to the a horizon.

,,WE ARE ABOVE,'' shout Myst.

Their feet break and slide into ruts. The wheels of cart slide and turn over hard sand.

The rows of people become one row of slipping and jostling. 

Myst's song flows through the people. 

The people stops and jam, shift and flow slow.

Myst guiles William, who pulls the cart. William's hands slip from poles.

The cart falls.

Kirra retches and grabs the cart pole and holds the cart up.

The oxgobln bend hits Spear. 

Spear pushes aganst the oxgoblin head and pushes the person holding hit righet the the side. 

William grabs the cart, shouts. ,,SPEAR. PUSH!''

Spear pushes the cart. He turns to look through the sand, pain and tears to see William and hte sihlouettes around.

The move the cart along the slope with Myst leading.

Myst's songs leads between the mass of people.

The people mass. And the mass of people stop. 

Carts, wagons, oxgoblins and people stand, sit and lay around. Tents and leantos are pitched. 

Wide wagons path become small foot trails between maps. 

Myst stands before a a sheet spread from groaund over an oxgoblins over the wagon. Myst shouts, ,,WE STOP.''

William stands and pushes back on Spears push.

Guile walks past the wagons and step on the blanket before the pack.

Kirra shouts. ,,SHEETS SPEAR. MAKE SHELTER. I GET BAGS AND STACK.''

Spear pulls the tarp from the wagon top as Kirra grabs foot bags and stacks the bags from sand to the pole.

Kirra tugs on trap and pulls side toward the handles and William and hte stacked sacks.

Myst hums and help unfurl the tarp.

Wiillaim holds the last sacke as Kirra nad Spear fight to catch and steadk the tarp. 

Guile stands. 

Myst throat hums. Her hum vibrates with a fear deep inside. Her sould feel fear and chaos for the people around. Their internal songs sing to her. 

Kirra and Spear hold down end of tarp, and William tosses food bag on tarp and sand. 

He tosses two more bags.

Spear and Kirra shift more food bags to hold tarp over handles.

The tarp braces agains the wind and the bags and cart handles make a roof.

Guile ducks crawks and sits in sid with back toward the tarp. 

Spear first stuffs the tarp under a few bags of food on top of the wagon then both he and Myst pull the tart pto the ground and stack bags on the corners.

Guile watches.

Spear stands. 

Kirra says, ,,WE WAIT. WE WATCH.''

Guile ducks and crawls unser the blanket. 

Myst looks to William, says, ,,I feel fear and choas.'' 

,,WE ARE WITHOUT LAW AND WITH NO LAW THERE CAN NOT BE A SONG,'' shouts William. He leans near ear. ''It may be easier to sing a song to reighn if we wsere under the cart.
        
Myst hums and teps and crawls under tarp.        

William visors hand over brow and peers through the scarf wrapped around face. He looks over the horizon a lighter black than the pleans and people around the pack. He looks to Spear the stands with back to cart and Spear.

Spear stands in the wind. The wind blows open his rope. Rope flaps and snaps. Spear peers at Wililam than pivotes to stand with back to William and the cart. He squints to see into the wind and sand blasts.

Shadows and sihlouttes move to pitch tents and cover oxgoblins. Oxgoblins rise and stomp. An oxgoblins near kicks up sand as two gobliniod sihlouettes pull on oxgoblins' reighns.

Spear watch not feeling the sting of sand, chill of wind. Rage pumps through Spear. A rage that pulses with heart beat. Heart beat pounds with thoughts of William. Spear tries to focus on the rage to lead to past thought. The rage pumps from Spear and spreads over the land leading Spear too peer at the camps around and feel not cold, feel no sand and see the slight actions of the people.

Spear and William stand.
        
Kirra pulls on the tarp a the bottom shifting a sack on the tarp. She stands and looks at the backs of both Spear and Myst. ,,WE NEED TO MOVE!'' shouts Kirra. ''WHEN CLEAR OR WHEN FOUGHT.'' She looks at both then walks to back of cart and sits with back facing cart and stares at the people behind.

People spread and settle behind the cart. The hundle around wagons. They spread tarps. The pull bags from backs and cover faces. A few flames spark the blow to dark. A few globs glow illuminating people

Illuminated people point at a glass wagon wheel. The glass wagon wheel is broke in half. The people point and a couple pull wheel from axles and put another whill on axled then set the single wheel. 

Kirra glances back to Guile and Myst.

Guile and Myst sit with heads in robes. 

Myst hums then sings soft tone like water trickle the pools into a bass ocean then is drank and spreads through body. Her song sings from Reighn to her mind with her body and to William, Spear, Guile and Kirra.

William, Spear, Guile and Kirra feel the song. Guile and William hear the song play in their minds. All feel hunger, thirst, cold warm, quench, spread with a energy spread. 

Guile hears the song and hums the song thorugh notes allowing mind to thinking through the marks of goblins and the sounds of clicking while starring at the ground and glancesing around to Spear William and Kirra.

Wind blows sand over William and Spear's feet and the bags of food holding down the tarp. Both stand and peer at each other an around through the blurr of watering eyes.

Sand sticks and hand and cheeks of William and Spear.

Sand and wind blows over the cart and Kirra.

Kirra sits with daggers in hands, stance crouched and ready to spring as Kirra stares and watches and sees...

Glowing balls float through the sihlouettes of camps and groups from the path travelled.

The glowing balls glow over four sihlouettes.

Groups of four red and black warriors walk a square through the people. Two hold two tower shield as large as a door. One holds a stick with a globe on the end and a short sword. The other holds a small shield and short swords.

Hundreds of dots spot the night through the sand.

Kirra sees the globes and soldiers.

Spear glancess and peers and sees a few of the golbes as Kirra stands.

Kirra says louder thena the wind. ,,PACK. BE READY TO MOVE.''

One then two then three groups of soldiers glow near. They kick oxgoblins and pull on oxgoblins reighns. They kick sand under leantos.

A person with swords leaps from a tarp tent and swings only to be stabbed and cut.

Along the blow of the wind, near the end of sight of Kirra, people stack bags in wagons and carts. Oxgoblins rise and pull.

Kirra steps around and shouts into the leaning tarp as she walks to front. ,,WE MOVE. GUARDS! COME.'' She slaps falt of knife agains Spear's leg.

Spear looks away from William. 

William shouts and peers where the wind blows.

Lights glow and fours of soldiers push. 

People and carts pull through small spaces.

Wiliam, Spear and Kirra pull sacks of food from ground and toss them in back. Spear holds the poles and Kirra spreads the tarp over the cart.

Guile and Spear step away 

Groups of people holding packs run past. A couple of cows towed in line steps, stomp between small paths between small encampments.

All around people move and yank on yokes and pack straps. 

People shout. A few torches flare only for wind to whip them to smoke.

A oxgoblins stomps at Guile.

And Guile stumlbes and falls under the cart.

Kirra shouts. ,,STAND, GUILE.''

People runs and push on all side of the cart. A few feet stomp Giule's ankle.

Guile's ankle spikes pain.

William grabs Guile and lifts while pushing back a scrambling ox golbin getting whipped by a shrouded farmer.

Kirra grabs the cart poles. ,,SPEAR. WILLAIM. FOOD.''

Spear and William toss sacks of fooding holding the poles intot he cart and Kirra pushes.

A four square of red black guards grab and pushe two small beings. People runs past and around the cart. They stands. 

Soldiers kick people in the butts. They drag, push people toward and pass the pack. 
 
A soldier four steps at the cart. 
 
Kirra pulls on the poles.  
 
William and Spear stand between the soldiers and the cart. The press backs against bags and grab the bottom the the cart and push.

,,MOVE!'' Shouts Kirra. She pulls the pulls and pushes a side two short people carrying. She pushes into a crowd of people pushiung forth.

The cart jostles with a wide and chaotic stream. The cart wheels spin then slide through sand until the sand. Feet slip and grip.

Guile is pushes and pulled away then runs with the crowd.

Myst hums and sees with the sounds of shouts and cries through the wind. She being to hum and the hums spreads as she holds on to the side of the cart.

William shouts to Spear. ,,I GO FORTH TO MAKE PATH.''

,,STAY,'' shouts Spear. Spear pushes off and quick steps.

He walks along the cart and pushes a few people from the cart. He catches a hand reacheg for the tarp. He grabs Guile and pulls him behind. He roars like dragon, flexes and rushes foward.

The cart rolls over soft and hard sand. It flows to the wax Rise and Wane rise with hordes of people pushing together.

The feet and wheels step and rool on solid sand.

Kirra pulls. William pushes. Spear clears a path pushes away any who come near.

The globes of the sholdiers become distant flickers as the wheels roll and the wind blows.

Wind blows, and sand stings.

People rush and press and move forward.

They move. They stumble. The fall.

Hand are stepped on. Bodies are rolled over. Bags are smashe water is spilled. Blood spreads with creams and cries.

A few running near the cart bump the swing fists and knifes only to be pushed apart and forward.

Forward they move between people.

People stands.

Kirra pulls cart. Spear nudges and hels along the poeple jostling around.

The wind blows and blows and blows. Sand sing and burnd. They sting arms like tiny daggers.

The crowd pushes and aginst the cart, kirra, Spear. The side of an oxgoblin nudges Spear. A person pushes by Myst. 

Myst sings and the words show the mass of people around pulling and pushing in and fowards. She sings to the soldiers and through the song Guile and William see the people mass coming to a wide pointed mass.

Soldiers with globes and tower shield stomb behind William. Two kick and shield punche people away while two push their two sheild at William

William shouts, ,,BE GONE YOU GOBLINS WITH YOU WORDS. TAKE YOU CLICKING AN BE GONE FOR WE MOVE.'' He grabs the sides of the tailer, sit and lift legs. His entire bodyflexes and legs kick out agains the towers shields. He sings and shouts. ''THEY BE AROUND. EVERY WHERE THE ARE FOOUND.

Spear nudges and pushes the crowd away. He raors louder that then thrashing wind and sand.

A few people carrying bundles shake and slip before Speaer.

While William presses agains the two tower shield with feet, the shields slow step and three people and acart roll between.

William lowers feet and pressagains the hard sand ground.

The ground holds agains the kicks and stompbs of boots and feets and hooves. The wheels spin over the hard sand surface.

People press and pushes before Spear and behind William.

Four square of soldiers with glboes and towers sheilds press from teh wax and wan of the packs. The even spaces globes step and march to side and behind toward.

The crowd presss and steps, they fall in a line with a line wid as a stones trhough to a line as wide as stream.

The globes and towersheild sihlouttes press, funnel and push people and the pack forward along a hard ground.

Wheels rolls. Feet shuffle. The pack stesp and rolls through the wide line of people. 

The wind blows. Sand sting. 

Legs cramp. Eyes sting. The pack jogs. Others run. 

Kirra pulls the carts. William pushes the cart. Spear pushes and pulls people from their carts path. Myst and Guile runs along the sides.

Guile stumbles and coughs focusing on the hold of the cart. 

The carts jostles throguh the mass column of people roll into the wind.

The jostling settles to slight nudges as the people move shoulders to shoulder. 

The glowing globes and sihlouettes of tower shields shade with the dark land against the dark blue horizons. 

The horizon lay flat and spans to darkness to the Rise, Set, Wax and Wane.

Then the wind gusts an pulls over. 

The pack can see. They blink away the sand and tears. 

Kirra's arms cramp and hands become numb. She kicks and pushes without work or talk.

The people slow and spread. A few slow to a stop. Some fall to knees and drop large bundles.

Spear slows walk by Kirra. He grabs on cart handle.

Kirra, with head down and body focusing thoughts and action on step and holding on to the cart, walks on.

,,KIRRA,'' shouts Spear. ''I PULL.''

Kirra holds and pulls and walks.

Spear walks beside her holding on cart pole.

,,WHEN WE REST?'' says Guile. He spits sand from mouthn and wipes face. He coughs, and body spasms, but hand hold on to side of cart.

Kirra says, ,,WHEN SUN SHINES.''

,,WE NEED TO TALK WITH PEOPLE!'' says William.

Spear glances back. 

Then thunk! Cracks.
 
The cart sinks and stops. Its poles slip from Kirra's hands.

Spear holds a side, and the cart sinks.

William grabs the back fo the cart, but the bottom of the cart slips from hands. 

Guile feels the side of the cart his side and he steps away, stumbles and falls. 

,,THE WHEEL,'' shouts William.

The wheel on Wax side is sunk into hole. 

''IN  A HOLE!''

Spear holds the pole and pulls. 

William pushes.

The wagons shifts and sways. 

Kirra grabs the other pole and pulls and pulls.

The wogon moves, lifts and slides over sand.

The wheel rolls and skids, rolls and skids.

''HALT!'' shouts Wiliima. ''THE WHEEL!''

Spear holds the poles while Kirra walks and knees by William and the Willam.

Guild sits and covers body with robe of Reighn listening to the wind and letting mind play a maze through the sounds. 

Myst sings a soft tune and follows the whip of wind to play the land scape for her to see to the wagon wheel.

Sand stings. Wind gusts. 

People part around the pack.

William rubs hand over the wheel. ,,I BELIEVE THE WHEEL IS BROKE.''

Kirra rubs the wheel then steps to the hole and puts hand instide.

A large stone justs from the bottom of the fist deep hole. 

Kirra says, ,,WE CAMP UNTIL LIGHT. UNTIL THE WIND DIES.''

Guile hears and says, ,,WE WILL BE LOST.''' HE crawls on knees to Kirra and William. ''WE NEED TO.''

Kirra stands and grabs the tarp from the top of the wagon.

Willam rubs the wheel over sharp edge. ,,YES.'' He hangs his head and peers around. ''WE CAMP.''

Through the nights people, carts and oxgoblins roam past. 

William grabs sacks and stacks them underpoles. Kirra nd Spear lay the trap over the poles. 

With William sitting agains the back of the wagon and Kirra and Spear the sides, the back rests in the wind and blows sand.

















