A sihlouette of a dragon swoops wide wing into the distant sky above the sun.

Minst points to the Rise horizon. ,,Is that the black dragon?''

Minst's finger points at the wide sun rising from the horizon of planes, smoke and moss covered trees and a sihlouette of a dagon.

The sihlouette of the black dragon grows and glows black as it dives from the far sky before the sun to the near horizon and the pack.

Goblins kin along the walkways, platforms and buildings scatter. They run into buildins. They climb down rope ladders hung over side descending to the empty swamp bottom. They pull on ox and carts to edge of road.

Windows are shuttered. Dim lights against the dawn light fade. Door slam and bolts are slid.

A few hugoblins stand on the road way and point.

A group of armored goblinkin run in circle formation toward the Rise.

The black dragon dives below the light and into the trees and buildings a long bow shot from the pack.

Spear steps, raises war hammer with one arm and fist with the other. He roars loud than the scream and loud than the song of Reign playing in Myst minds.

Distant shouts and screams and smashing buildings hear near a whisper to Spear's roar.

Spear runs along the road.

William pulls free his sword and follows Spear's stride.

Kirra pulls and grabs bow.

Kirra steps with Spear. They run as Spear roars.

The roar of Spear clashes and thrusts through Rieghns Song in the minds of Guile, Shake, William and Myst as sung by Myst.

Myst slams her drum top sending a thump and boom through the people.

The goblinkin people look at the pack jog to a run, duck and scream. They move and run from the houses on stilts over the swamp. They run and walk along the wooden walkways and along the road.

Some goblinkin stand and stare to the rise, pulls sword and run. Some goblkin run to the Set withouth looking back.

To the Rise, two huge black dragon wings lift and swoop and life the gigantic black dragon from the trees. A goblins hangs from hits mouth. A roof his crushed by its arms and hands.

Flame arrows shoot to the sky and bounce from its scales.

The scales refract fight in glimmers and shimmers showing the breaks and cracks along its black scales.

The black dragon raises it head, peers through trees to the roar of Spear and deep thump drum beat of Myst.

Guile huffs and puffs and feels the pokes of pain from ankle become numb with fright as Guile feels both the emotion of the goblinkin running past and the rage in the eyes and mind of the black dragon. The fear consumes the thought thought with Shake.

Shake feels a hint of fear from Guile, but the fear beomes a song lyric as Shake runs and mumbles. ,,Black dragon fear can only frighten a deer.'' Shake smiles, reaches into pocket with speed, pops the top, touch top with thumb then corks the top.

A buzz spread through Shakes.

Shake smiles and glows a feeling of calm and joy.

The clam and joy feelings of Shake are felt by Guile. The feelings of Shake smile away the black dragon fear thought by Guile.

Guile smiles and feels an echo of the Speed buzz. He mental shouts the feeling without doubt and fear to those who pass with the song of Reighn played by Myst.

The goblinkin still run for the black dragon swoops high then dives toward the pack.

The black dragon dives.

The dead goblin falls from the black dragon's mouth.

William shouts a loud command in tune and song with Myst's drum and vocal battle roll, and Spear's raor. William sings, ,,RISE. FIGHT. LEAD. LOVE!''

Myst's song spreads warmth and soothing tones to calm the racing hearts. The notes paint the skin of the pack dark green.

The black dragon opens its mouth.

Minst pops two components from a sewn row, smashes compents, spreads arms and chants sounds and circles hands.

The black dragon sprays acid from mouth like a gyser.

A shimmer spreads before and above the pack.

The acid spray an invisible shield and splash and drips like rain and mist to the swamp and raod.

Acid stinks Jan's nakes skin and burn Kirrra's shoulders. Wood bridges and walkways sizzles and melt, fall. Goblinkin run with covered heads from sray while pulling off leather, cotton, scalled cloths from body.

The black dragon raors.

Bare feet stink as acid drips and pools.

Jan Hfompf's feet feel burn then cool as her skin grows on feet. Skin over acid burnt spots grows and heals. She raise her hands feeling a force rise from the roads.

The black dragons wings swoop and feet and arms swing and slash breaking trees and rails as it lands with a thud.

The road shakes.

Jan Hfompf's claps hands.

Three limbs wrap around the black dragon's wings.

The black dragon roars like an avalanch.

Spear run for the black dragon. He lifts hammar and roar's as loud as the blackdragon.

The black dragon sprays a stream of acid from his mouth.

Spear leaps as spray splash behind.

Drops of acid stop as they near Spear.

The black dragon bend neck and aims head and bites.

Spear swings the war hammar of the rose and strikes a cracked scale on neck.

The war hammer shatters crackes scale and pounds soft flesh of dragon neck.

The dragon teeth close on Spear then the mouth and head lift to roar. Wings swoop and claws reach for Spear.

Kirra fires three arrows at the spot on the black dragon's neck with the shatter scale.

Two arros sink to the feathers while a third breaks.

William shouts near a song. ,,Warroriors to the rear watch the tail!.'' He ducks unders the claws of the dragons hand. ''AIM FOR THE WINGS.'' He lifts his longs sword and swings and the dragon arm. His fist cleches and puunches at the wing.

A ghost fist like mist and clouds launches from the guantlet and slams the wing of the black dragon.

A troupe of ten goblins wearing leather padding and green chainmail spread around the whipping tail of the black dragon.

The black dragon sweeps the road with tail knocking goblkin warriors from the road to the bit of mir blows. Four goblin warriors strike the tail. One jumps and cling on. As the tail squirms, the black dragon fold wings inside and shakes it's neck.

Spear jams war hammer between the closing jaws the black dragon. Acid stings and burns his fleshs as he falls from the mouth leaving the war hammer in the mouth.

Minst fumbles with components on belt for a fire ball. His spell book falls to ground. He kneels to pick it up.

As Myst sings and pounds her drums casting strenght, calm and an illusion around the pack to show as goblinkins.

The skin covers Guile, but not Flare and Flare and Guile begin to dance back to back like they know the moves ducking from the head of the dragon trying to Shake loose spear. The duck unders a volley of arrows.

A volley of arrows hit the wings and neck and fall to ground.

The dragon hits Kirrra as Kirra pulls her sword.

Kirra falls and rolls to the road edge then lifts the sword to stap the black dragon arm.

The black dragon feet stomp and squish three huggoblins then kicks and stabs Spear.

Spear flies toward Shake.

Shake leaps over Spear and leaps with a blurr at the dragon head. With dagger in hand Shake staps the nose.

William ducks over the shaking dragon head and swipes and nicks the dragon's neck. ,,FIRE ARROWS ON THE PARTS THAT DON'T SHINE THE MORNING LIGHT!'' Wiliam sings and swings and ducks.

Spear's war hammer falls from the dragons mouth. The dragon shakes Shake from snout. It kicks two goblin archers off the road.

Darkness spreads like fog from the black dragon.

Goblin warriors run from the black fog.

Kirra ducks and spins from a bite then fires three more arrows into the skin of the Dragon.

The black flog spreads over Kirra, Shake, Flare and Guide.

Flare and Guide dance in the darkness stricking scales with first, feet and club. A flame strikes from Flare's club, but castes no light beyond Flare and Guide.

The black flog overs Myst, Minst, Kirra, Jan Hfompf, William, Shake and Spear and goblinkins.

Spear rolls to a stop on teh ground feeling pain pumping over chest and night over body.

Clicks and clacks shout in rythms and cadences.

Thirty hobgoblins and hugoblins march in step from the Rise to the Set as the darkness spread.

In the dark the pack was and crawls.

Myst see as her song create a plane of objects. She pounders her drums.

The dark fog covers the black dragon and trees.

William shouts, ,,FIRE UPON MY VOICE FOR THE DRAGON IS NEAR!'' with the druming of Myst. The with a thump Willam's face is cut and body slammed into the ground.

Arrows fly into the black from twenty of the goblins warriors from the rise.

The darkness spreads and covers more trees and the road.

Goblinkin run with clicks and clacks snapping loud echoes.

Wings appear above the dark fog and swoop.

The black dragon lifts from the dark, to the sky and flies away into the rising sun.

The pack runs from the black and the dark as the dark fades.

Kirra fires arrows strike dragon scales.

Minst, covered in dark, but seeing the magic weave and trail from the black dragon smash hands and pushes hand foward with saying, ,,Thrumpms.''

A small ball of fire the size of a fist shoots from Minst's hands to the sky. It shoots at the black dragon and grows to the size of a bolder before it explodes around the black dragon tail.

The black dragon roars and flies away to the sky and dawn light.

The raor fade to the thumping and drumming of Myst.

Myst sings and lets the notes carry and end casting the illusion of goblinkin around the pack.

The pack stand, lays and steps back as the darkness fades for the lights.

William tries to graps darkness with guantlet. ,,INJURED GIVE A SHOUT!'' He hollers.

Spear grunts then says, ,,We are not in Battle Class, my friends.''

Willaim walks to Spear's voice through the stares of the goblinkin gathering around the pack.

Hobgoblins and hugoblin warriors from coloumns and lines along the road from the scattered group anding from road sides and sidewalks.

Goblinkin stand far to the rise and set. A few in houses and tall wooden buildings on stilts over the swamp poke heads from winodws and bodies from doors.

A silence spreads until a baby cries, people shout and a few scream through the trees and swamp land around the road.

The dark raors as in glides and flies to the Set and dark dawn.

Then there is still in and the thump of Myst's drums and the hearts and breaths of all. The cries and shouts are heard.

Wood cracks and a island of stilted buildings leans.

Goblins shout clacks and clicks. The run along the road and leap over broken wooden walk ways. 

Smoke then fire spreads from a window of a building. 

The goblins warriors moan, couple and stand. The help bind the wounds. The run along the roads to homes.

The pack stands and watches the dragon fly.

Then a baby cries and a mother screams. The pack sees a human woman covered in soot run from a smoking building. ''KIDS!'' shouts the woman. 

William feels the drum thump with heart. He steps from the roads edge and steps to the warriors and hollers in cadence with Myst's drums, ,,SOLDIERS GROUP IN PAIRS. PAIRS GROUP IN SQUADS OF TEN. EACH SQUAD ATTACK THE FIRE AND BROKEN WOOD. ATTACK THE FEAR!''

The goblinkin warriors look at William.

A few step to William.

Then a house fall from a platform crashing thorugh tees to a shallow pond along the swamp floor.

,,WE HAVE NO TIME,'' William sheaths his sword and run to the edge of road and broken wooden walk way. He runs and leaps over the gap and runs to the house and shouts. ''SPEAR. GUIDE. FLARE.'' He waves away smoke. ''MINST. THE WATER FIND AWAY TO USE IT!''

Spear runs to the rivers, then looks to the sky.The dragon flies aways. ,,GUIDE, FLARE. Into the mud and brace

Flare and Guide stand in pairs and run as a pair then leap from the road to the boggy bottom of te swamp and splat their wat to a broken tree trunk sized stilt.

Spear leaps from road, over broken walk way after William.

Kirra and Jan stand. Kirra lowers bow, and Jan raises staff. Kirra looks at her green hands and arms painted with the notes from Myst. She unsheaths her shortsword and glances at the burn marks along arms. ,,We step away,'' says Kirra, and Jan follows her step away from Myst and Minst, Guile and Shake.

,,What do you want me to do?'' says Minst loud.

William shouts, ,,FLY WATER. HOLD THE BREAKING WOOD. MAKE A BRIDGE,'' then he enters the smoking house with Spear.

Shake runs and leaps and climbs up the side of the building in a flash to a window high above the platform base.

Flames lick and touch as he dives into the window and into a scream and shout.

While Minst fumbles components and mumbles thought, Guile stands and castes thought strains created from fear to goblinkine far and near. He hoops and catches the fear in three soldiers, a pack of goblins. He steps from the edge and pulls hood over face as he pulls and plucks the thought strings connected to their fear to the tune of Myst's song.

The three soldiers and pack of goblins stand, click and talk while waving swords toward the pack and burning buildings.

A group of five hugoblins and hobgoblins soldiers climb and run after Flare and Guide and the breaking beams holding the platform of the burning buildings.

Smoke billows outside shop windows, building windows, house windows along to slanting and sagging city block sized platform.

Inside a building fire burns along the stairs, william shouts, ,,WHERE ARE YOU?'' 

Through the smoke, William sees four weman huddled in the corner of a room around a group of kids. A fire line flames and burns between William and the wall of human children and women.

Spear burst through the smoke, and Shake follows. 

Then like a flash Shake speeds through the flames to the women and children. He covers mouth. He pulls on a kid. He runs through the fire and out the door through the smoke. He shouts, ,,WATER.''

Minst fumble with component, ,,Water, water. JAN! Water. You can save the water. The water...'' He lets pack fall and looks at Jan.

Jan Hfompf stands with Kirra. ,,No.'' She lowers staff. ''Let it burn.''

,,But.'' Minst peers. ''There's people...'' He shakes head and shouts. ''WATER!''

A house falls from the platform crashing throug hthe trees to the ground below.

Guide and Flare dance and step from the houses expoliding debree. 

Goblins warriors rush into the ruins as a building as tall Coal's Inn cracks in two.

Minst grabs a couple of componets and crushes one with and then creates a horizontal circle. He filts up seeing the magic shimmer shapes at the past of the building platform and feeling the strain of magic pulling his muscles taught. ''WATER!'' He shouts.

Myst hears the shout as another tune to the magic. She only sees the shapes created with her sounds and feels only the triump of the drum pounds know there is no water for her to be found. She steps toward the ledge feeling William's song to be far and feeling William's guitar burn.

William's guitar from Reighn burns as it catches fire. ,,YOU NEED TO RUN,'' he yells as Shake speeds out the door.

Spear lifts an end of the beam fallen from the ceiling and burning on the floor. He roars and pushes the beam from the back as he feels the fire wrath.

William slams shoulder into beam.

A spark explods and the beam is shoved from the door.

,,RUN.'' William coughs, and Spear falls.

The women grab and push the children from the room and house.

William grabs Spear and pulls then carries Spear over shoulder.

The Guitar of Reighn burns as the leave.

Shake sees the kids then a human woman runs form the smoke and buiding followed by children. ,,The bridge, the walkway, the walkway...'' says Shake as  lepas from the walk away to the road to Minst.

Minst stand holding up and invisible platter while staring at the sagging side of the building.

Shake says, ''Minst, Minst, Minst. We need. We need. We need to make a bridge. We need a bridge for the kids.''

Kids run to the edge and scream. A woman shouts cicks and clacks to the warriors now gathering near the edge watching and trying to reach for the children. 

,,FORM A BODY BRIDGE,'' shouts William like a song as he appears from the smokey and door to the walk way leading to the children and women.  ''THREE PERSON LONG.'' He pulls Spear along. ''NOW.''

Spear hears William's shout and coughs. He pushes from William and walks. Deep read burn spans Spear's side of face. His hide and Blue's armor covered with soot.

William pushes through the children and stands at the edge. He points. ,,Soldiers climb down. Form a pyramid to raise from the ground.'' He steps, looks down and leaps. 

Spear follows. 

Flare and Guide run to Spear.

Shake climbs to William in flash.

Then goblin warriors climb and leap into the swamp below. Bones break. Goblins slip. 

A tower as tall as four Spear's rise from the gound and creat a living bridge to span the swamp bottom to the gab in the broken walk way.  Spear and William stand at the bottom holding up as they sink into the mud.

The kide run over goblins warror backs to the road from the building.

,,Whyhelpthegoblins,'' says Shake as he acts like he is helping hold the warriors of the bridge.

William shouts. ,,HOLD!''

The last of the kids runs to the road.

A hugoblins shouts from above. ,,ALL CLEAR!''

,,DISBAND,'' shouts Willliam like a song sung with Myst's drums and hums spreading to all. ''BAND AROUND THE BASE TO FIND A BRACE. SEARCH OF WOUNDED.''

One by one the goblin warriors climb the living tower to the ground until William, Spear and Shake stand knee deep in mud.

Two hugoblin warriors stand by William. The click and clack then let their sounds become surface talk. ,,What shall we do about the black dragon?''

William steps from mud. ,,Keep watch. Spread the word to watch.'' 

William and Spear and Shake steps and slop through mud.

,,Whatarewedoinghelpingthegoblinsfighttheblackdragon?'' says Shake.

Spear slaps Shake's back. ,,Slow.'' He clench with the pain shock over face and slops through mud with William.

,,There are humans,'' says William then walk and stands near the pile of woods once a buiding. He looks up at the platform floating in air though a row of stilts lay on the ground broke. ''How?''

,,Minst,'' say Shake.

Minst stands feeling his body be pulled apart by the magic weave as he spreads his floating disk to cover half the city block sized platform.

Willaim leads the goblin warriors to the piles of wood and stone from the fallen building. ,,FORM LINES AND LISTEN.''

Clicks and moans are heard by Spear.

Spear nods at William. ,,WE HEAR.'' He pulls wood from pile and gives it to a goblins warrior beind.

The goblins warriors from lines behind William and Spear and pass along wood and stone.

The block platform buckles above.

Minst hands strain and arm musles are taut. Pain se

Guile gathers fear and pulls hugoblins warriors and father and mother. Hobgoblin kids and men to the edge of the road. Then the fear staps from his mind into their minds.

Their minds hold their stare on William and Spear.

William and Spear pull two people are pulled from the piles. 

William steps to the pile then points to the shaking plaform of buildings. He cups hand and hollers with like a dragon's raor. ,,SHOUT IF YOU NEED HELP! THE BUILDING WILL FALL!'' 

William, Spear, Shake and the goblinkin warriors dig through the wood and stone of the fallen building.

The fire rages from the window to the roof to the platform above. 

Shouts and clack that hit like a tree crack boom from the fire above.

William points and shouts at the platform. ,,PEOPLE NEED OUT HELP.''

Lines and pairs of human and goblins kids running from doors along the platform to the broken walk way. A flaming grown hugoblin falls from the platform in flames. 

Cries and shouts fall the thud to the swamp bog ground and the splash of the firey being into a swamp puddle.

,,Flare, Guide! A man need to saved from fire and water.'' William steps and runs and slops through mire to the wall of the road near the break of the walk way.

Shake runs past William and climbs the wall leaving a blur to trace his path.

Up the wall and on the road, Minst feels a muscle in his arm snap. He feels his spellbook book slip and fall to ground. He feels the wide and large floating disk holding the block size building platform shift and crack.

Shake grabs Minst Spell book and says, ,,Movetheplatform to the road.''

Minst clench jaw and moves his amrs and palms close to chest.

The platform shifts and breaks free of tree trunk size stilts and slams onto the road. 

,,HELP SAVE,'' shouts Shake.

Before the words leave Shake's mouth, the human and goblinskin people free of fear pull from their minds by Guile, run to the burning platform and pull humans, hobgoblins and hugoblins children and adults from the platform. 

A few fall and hit the mud below.

Shake feels the pain through Minst's body with the buzz and speed of time. ''HELP!''

Kirra and Jan step the to Rise and the sun along the road. Kirra steps from the goblins and peers at the humans. Jan Hfompf steps away from goblins feel a force push a feeling of hate and rage pushing at the mind of Jan. They step then stand and watch and peer to the Set and for the dragon.

Human boys and girls run to the open arms of hugoblins and hobgoboins and human parents, who lift children and run along the road ot the Rise and the sun. They run past Guile as he stands and feels emotions of fear, safety, confusion, love brush his body and minds.

Guile feels the warm of the emtion. He smiles and pulls hood over mouth. The limb is deeper and longer than the minor pain felt in ankle as he steps to Minst. 

Minst fallst to the ground.

,,WILLIAM RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNN!'' shouts Shake.

William steps from under the platform and hollers, ,,FALL BACK.''

He steps. Spear strides. The goblinkin warriors follow through the mud and trees and messes and mounds of dried grass.

The Lyno sized block of buliding platform falls to the ground.

BOOM deafens the song of Myst pounded on the drum.

Trees crack and fall and splash.

Flames sizzle and smoke. 

From the crash thumps Myst's drum. Myst raises her hum to a low throat moan that rolls and sooth the children running, screaming, crying.

The music spreads and shows Myst the land through the darkness of her closed eyesight. The vibration give texture to the pack's green skin. The drum rolls and thumpsgives William breath and a swell to holler with song. 

Willliam clenches his guantlet. ,,WARRIORS FORM TO COMPANIES. ONE TO THE RUINES TO SEARCH FOR THE LIVING. ONE TO PREPARE FOR A DRAGONS RETURN.''

Spear tosses boards and rocks until a moan becomes a shout of clicks and clacks. He heaves and breathes. ,,My friend, I follow. I will not follow the warrrios.''

William and Spear look. Wiliam nots and steps. ,,WARRIORS MERGE ON ME. AND CLIMB.''

The warriors and William climb.

The smashed and pilled bulidings smolder. No shouts or cries are heard from the piles of buildings.

Goblins stand at the edge of the road then part for William and the warriors. 

Guile watches the warriors climb over the ledge then was to Minst to kneel. ,,May I help?'' 

Minst sit slumped on ground. His head pound trying to think of Guile's words. Drool falls from the mouth.

,,KIRRA,'' says Guile.

Kirra and Jan Hfompf step with staff and swords. Kirra steps. Jan Hfompf stands. 

Jan Hfompf feels acid burn her feet then feels skin grows over feet. She feels a low moan vibrate from her mind and throug hthe breeze. The vibration warms and spreads her mind through the ground and the roots and trees and grass.

As Jan Hfompf stands, Kirra runs, and Guile says, ,,Minst.''

As Jan Hfompf stands, Shake runs a blur to William, then looks to the sky, then mumbles. ,,Acaptian of goblinswe. We. We become. A captian of. Of what...''

William looks at Shake and walks with the warriors. He says with candence while looking at the group of warriors wearing chain mail and shiny black padded armor. 

The look at William without talk. 

William breathes and stares at each. ,,WHO WILL LEAD THEIR BROTHERS TO FIND THE WOUNDED AND PREPARE THE ARROWS AND FIRE FOR THE RETURN OF THE FIRE\!''

The goblinkin warriors look at the other and stand. They stares.

Shake twitches and rubs his nose. ,,Know not. Know not. They know not what...What...'' Shake stands and stares then kneels with Kirra to Minst.

Kirra  pulls apart Minst's arms. 

Minst's arm hangs limp.

Kirra presses along his arm to Minst's biceps feeling a small lump. ,,Muscle tear.'' She glances over shoulder.

Goblinkin warriors and people holding goblinkin kids and human children step to Kirra, Minst, Shake, Guile and Myst. The from a cicle.

Minst clench teeth.

,,Guile,'' says Kirra. ''Make sling.'' She peers at Minst and they stare. ''Hold arm. Don't use.'' She slides dagger from sheath. 

Behind, before ana round, goblkin wearing hide, cottone cloths and tattered wool jackets. Goblins, hobgoblins, hugoblins gather around the pack.

William steps back and says loud over Myst's song, ,,Shake we shall return to the queen to report.''

Shake shakes hands and rubs temple and stands. ,,Yes, yes, we are.'' He looks from goblinkin to goblinkin. ''SPEARRRRRRR!'' 

Spear hears Shake. He wipes forehead and move a board and stone with goblinkin warriors to the sound of crying.

The shout of Shake leads to Myst's drums. The drums hit hollow and the hums vibrate a soothing sense of calm as her song ends.

The drum pounds stop. 

The goblinkin stand and stare.

The pack stands. Kirra holds dagger and peers. Minst holds arm. Guile tries to ripe the rope of Reighn for a sling. Myst blinks agains the rising sun as she open sigh. Jan Hfompf feels a death moan leave her body then feels forces far and near pull to her. 

Shake rubs forehead and mumbles, ,,Jan. Jan stands. And Kirra pulls away.'' He looks at William. ''William. William is looking at the soldiers as they stare at him. The soldiers grab their hilts.''

The goblinkin soldier's grab their hilts. 

Clicks and clacks are clacked and clicked between the soldiers facing the Rise and staring at William. 

Goblins, hobgoblins and hugblins wearing overalls, sweaters, pants, shirts, belts, hats, boots and shoes gather around all the pack but William and  Jan.

Jan peers at the goblins. She raises staff.

,,WHEN THE DRAGON RETURNS,'' says William like a song from Myst's Sounds of Reighn that no longer sing.

In Myst's mind Reighn sings tones like click and clacks with beath to Myst's heart. She hear William conitnue to speak.

''AIM YOUR ARRROWS WHERE KIRRA STURCK HER'S TRUE,'' William steps at the rows and columns or hugoblins and  hobgblin warriors. Hands are on hits. 

The warriors part for William and face forward. 

William walks to the end. He says, ,,If you have stone house or hidding place. Take the children.''

Warriors stand. People stare at the pack. The pack waits for William to stop near the center.

The warriors stand at a tention to the rise. The people watch the pack.

Myst sing a clack.

Guile reads with strains of past fear the clacks with marks and emotions. Guide creates rows and columns of marks and internal clacks and clicks with shades of color for the emotion of the mark. 

,,Diss miss,'' says Shake.

,,SAVE AND SECURE TO PEOPLE NOW,'' and with the sound hear by the pack is sung to teh goblins with Reighn and the song of Myst. 

The goblin kin warriors step and spread, pull bows and cross bows from backs. Arrows and bolts slide and shafter. Heads look for sky.

The crowd remains starring as the pack stands.

Reighn clicks and sings the words of Shake from his mouth like click and clacks, thumps and clunks from Shake's mouth as he hears the song and seens the slights scale green fade from flesh.

''We are friends from afar journying back to the queen and the council from the Westmore canyon and the town of Lyno,'' says Shake with grin.

Myst finger taps top of the drum with clicks.

Hair and not fur is on the head of Shake. 

,,I am Speed the Bard,'' says Shake. He runs fingers through hair. ''Master of illusions as the queen herself and the council themselves have me to hide amongst the people of Lyno.'' He spreads his skin colored arms. He bows and says loud, ,,We are your servants until our help is needed no more.''

The crowds stands and stares and looks. 

A human child laughs. Then is hushed.

A hugoblins steps from the crowd and looks at William and Shake. ,,The ruler and the senate don't care. They drained the swamp. They send no warriors to fight a black dragon and trolls.'' The hugoblins steps eye to eye with William. It poinst finger like it is going to poke William's eye. ''You don't talk. You leave.''

The people stare. 

Guile feels waves and splashes of feeling of trust, care, fear, worror, pain, sorrow, loss, confusion, hope and curiousity form emotions with thoughts forming marks of sounds and sight in rows and columns. 

The clicks and clacks, thunks and clunks of Myst's song sings different in Guile's mind.

In Minst mind, he only feels the pain of his arm. He pushes and presses the pain away from the sphere forming in his mind for focused spell thought. The sphere grows around an edge that nearly punctures his focus and magic thought.

Kirra hears Minst hold his moan with grinding teeth. Her hand clenches dagger and will of the pack holds her hand back from stapping the female hugoblins standing before William with finger pointed.

,,We leave,'' says William firm.

Spear, from the bottom of the swamp as he tosses boards from pile and hears a goblins cyring near, hears the tension in William's voice from the road top to him.

Spear pulls a piece of wood from the building pile and reaches and grabs a nearly grown hogblins.

It's leg lay broke.

Spear carries him to the base of the building.

A warrior  wearing only its padded armor with now weapns, rushes to Spear and takes nearly gown hobgoblins from Spear with head bowed.

Spear walks without hue of green over flest to a ladder climbing the slightly slanted wall to the road top.

As Spear climbs, William says, ,,My friends. My warriors. We report.''

As Spear climbs, a few goblins click and clack. their clicks and clacks become part of Myst's song she hums. They sing from clicks and clacks to surface talk.

As Spaer reach the road top, poeple step back, and a few knives are pointed at Spear.

A warrior from a far clicks and clacks and spreads arms then walk to the rise looking at the sky and the buildings on stilts through swamp.

The hugoblins and hobgoblins near Spear lower knives, step back and clear a path to the pack.

Spear stands at attention at roads edge.

William says while staring at the hugoblins before him. ,,Minst. Can you walk?''

,,Yes. Yes.'' He grunts. ''I can walk.''

Kirra steps with dagger in hand and peers at the big hugblins before William. She stands and stares. ,,We go.''

,,No,'' says a hobgoblins pushing its way between to shoulders pressed. The words from the hobgoblins speaks the surface talk and not from Myst's song and finger tops.  ''We need.'' The hobgoblins looks a back at the people, says with a slight click, ''Please remain for the night. Illusion or not. These warriors.''

Many goblinkin glances ate the hobgoblins then then at the warriors.

The hobgoblins says loud and points through the crowd at the distand soldiers. ,,They caused this.'' The hobgoblins nudges the hugoblins before William.  

The hugoblins clicks and clacks and pushes the hobgobins.  
 
William steps between the two as Kirra step back with smile. ,,By the queen, be still.'' 
 
,,The queen and council don't care,'' says the hobgoblin.

The hugoblin pushes on William with clicks and clack.

Clicks and clacks spread through the crowds. Some loud, some soft some causing pain to hears.

Guile hears and feels the emotions and sounds contect to a language through the emotion strans in the minds of the goblinkin around. He feels the hobgoblins before William float in a choas of rage. 

''NO BODY CARE,'' The eyes flare.  The hobgoblin lifts up on toes to rise to William's face. ''They drain the swamp. Now trolls and a dragon. We. Need. Help.''

William looks at the hobgoblin. ,,We can help. We can...'' He glances and Shake.

Shake feels the buzz spread from him to William. He inhales then exhales letting his heart slow. He says slow. ,,WE have the night my friend. We can help hold the dragon and trolls away until the sun rises again, but, alas, we need to help report to the Senate our findings.'' Shake raises a hand and rests hand on the shoulder of the hogoblin. He stares and says, ''I can promise will take you words and spirit to council.''

The hobgoblin looks from William to Shake and moves shoulder to let Shake's hand fall. ,,Promise.'' A click and clack laughter spreads from its lips. ''I am no fool.''

Shake smiles and points to self. ,,I am a fool.'' Shake steps and looks at the crowd. ''I will tell the council, but the council listens to no fool. But the warrior named as William'' Shake grabs William's shoulders. He raises his voice. ''William is the leader of our band.'' Shake looks at William like picture. ''He is trusted and loved and listened to by the council.''

The taps of Myst translate Shake's words to crude talk of goblinkin with her song of Reighn sung in the minds of Guile, Shake, William, Minst, Flare.

Flare and Guide toss boards in a pile. Two hobgoblins bodies are lifted limp from house.

The song of Reighn sing in Flare's mind and pulls him from the pile. 

Guile lifts dead hobgoblins and lays dead hobogoblin near a pile.

Near the pile two hugoblins write marks on the arms and faces of the dead.

The Flare says in common using the Song of Reigh to Myst to translate Flare's clicks and clacks to surface speak. ,,We need to help the shaman.''

Spear, the Shaman, stands with back to to edge of road and feet a leap away from edge of road. He feels Flare and Guide come near. He feels a hobgoblin climbing the wall behind him. He feel nor hears the Song of Reigh of Myst. He only hears the clicks and clack of the hobgoblins, but he feels the angner and suspision, distrust, fear and hope. 

With Myst's song, one goblinkin says with clicks to be heard as talk, ,,I don't trust these.''

,,What are they,'' says loud a hugoblin from the growd.

Spear feels soldiers far pause their walk and looks at the crowd and the pack. Spear feels Flare and Guide climb the slant and then the wall to the raod top.

Shake feels through the buzz of Speed to see Flare and Guide reaching the top of road; William's guantlet hand hanging lip; the peers and stares of the goblinkin; his pail ghost stin and the raised vain passing blood from thumping heart around the body to the finger tips and Shake raises his hand and stares.

Guile feels through the strand of his emtion a few goblins caste confusion as they shift stare from William, Kirra and Spear to Shake.

Shake stares at hand. He inhales and exhales. ,,I have not seen the true color of my flesh unless there is a song of Reighn playing for me.'' Shake's words are clicks and clacks with the music from his voice with the music of Reighn in his mind. Shake lowers his hand. ,,It is because of the song of Reighn I can speak the sounds I could never learn for fear of our guise be seen when I hear the song of Reign and want to sing.'' He looks at the peers and the scowls and over the to the soldiers standing afar and moves to the crowd until he can feel their attention is on him. His heart beats and thumps and body shivers from the sweat chilling on skin and arms.

The cold blows and quiet from the music spans as Myst's fingers and hand begin to tap slow and stready. Her hand slows and beat of mind skips and thumb cramps. Her ears burn whit a cold breeze. Her throat clicks in rhythm.

Shake feels the clicks and finds the pace of his surface talk. ''Our reward from the council of the senate for our service will be to return to our hobogblins and hugoblin forms and live our lives with familes.'' He stares at the hobgoblins before him. ''I want to learn that language of the people.''

The words of Shake flows with Myst's song. Myst feels with strength and thumb flexes and sooths.

,,Lies,'' says the big hugoblin behind William.

Shake lets his shoulders slump and neck lower. Then his eyes lower to ground.

William steps and turns to the look at the hugoblin. ,,Lies.'' He looks at the hugoblins stepping close and peering eye to eye. William notices breast curves from under the hugoblins shirt. He stands at attention. The notes play in his mind of Reighn song from Myst creating swirl of rage and love. ''We will leave before you insults cause you harm.''

Spear laughs loud and deep hearing William and feeling the hugoblins before feel not fright or care. He laughs at the feeling of the soldiers far too scared of William, Kirra and Spear to remain and stare. Spear laughs as Flare and Guide stand from him.

Flare clicks and clacks and thorugh the song her surface words are heard. ,,Power in the laugh. Sight in the one's soul. Klinophthc let us pass.''

The hugoblins by William folders her arms. ,,Klinophthc? Klinophthc lets no one pass.'' She looks at the crowd of goblinkin then laughs a laugh that feels to stop the song of Reighn in the minds of Guile, Minst, Flare, Guide, Willia and Shake

In that instances, Guile looses all the emtion and the marks and columns of an emotion and expression grid of the goblinkin minds. There is nothing in Guile's mind.

The hugoblins stops the short laugh and the song of Reighn raises in the mind. ,,Leeeeeeave.''

,,Then we leave our way from this place. And if the black dragon returns please give it our best. And don't forget to feed the beast.'' He steps to the hugoblins and looks at the hugoblins. ''Or the dead.''

They stare.

The people stare.

A few warriors from a far stare.

Shake says, ,,When shall we go?''

Wiliam looks at the hugoblins and the hobgoblins and the humans. He stares at the human women and a few men holding green tinged skinned babies.

,,We go,'' says Kirra. She grips her dagger and glances at Jan Hfompf.

Jan Hfompf's body stands, but energy is pulled from body by a force through the land and from the Rise. 

ONly the sun shines Jan Hfompf feels. The wind blows cold and blows her hair and twist around her naked body standed with dirt and sweat.

The sun rises and Kirra looks at Jan and steps between the group around to Jan.

Minst wobbles in his stance as he holds his arm. A soft maon floats.

Guile hears the moan and lifts head and open the eyes from the dark mind to Myst. ,,The rope,'' he mutters and stands, says, ''The rope for the sling.''

Minst hold his arm and looks at Myst.

Myst with eye close sees Myst's body, but not the expression of pain and faint.

Minst falls to the ground. 

Guile catches him. Shake steps and helps grab Minst the same as Guile. ,,Minst.''

William stesp and nudges the hugoblin and says loud as he steps to Minst. ,,We can only help those who want to be helped.'' He thows and hold Minst good arm over kneck then Minst lifts up. ''Our friend needs rest.'' He looks at the people surrounding. ''We will find rest where friends and allies who shared an enemy and saved the lives of the people.

William steps. Minst moan. 

Myst arms and fingers cramp.

,,Wait!'' is clicked then shouted through song. ,,Please, remain.'' 

The emotion is felt through song for those who hear and felt by Spear through his sense. 

Goblinkin and humans holding kids click and clack amongst themselves then say loud, ,,Stay.'' Two step forward toward Minst. ,,You rest in our bed.'' ,,Eat our food,'' says the other, a human woman near skin and bones. The human woman looks at the other speark, a hugoblins, and clicks and clacks her mouth like a goblinkin.

The hugoblins clicks and clacks back.

More goblinking gather around the pack. 

,,Plase come. Please stay the night,'' She looks at Shake then William.

Shake looks at the woman. ,,A night.'' He looks at William. ''Sir. I am but a lowely hobgoblins.''

William looks at the human woman holding the hugoblins child. He clenches his fist. The sound...

,,William,'' says Spear with a boom that startels the families near and the soldiers far. ''We help them for one night.''

,,Then we must continue our return question to report to the queen and the council.'' Shake looks up the hugoblin that was talking and staring with William. ,,Speed. Speed the Bard.'' The buzz of speed spread through body and shakes Shake's arm. ''Some call me Shake.''

The hugoblisn looks at Shake. 

The people and the pack stare. 

The hugoblins raises hand before Shake. With and even tone clicks and clack the drum and thump say, ,,Git Thut Flik Umt Stah.'' It sings with the song of Reighn playing queit and with the ambient sounds translates no sound. 

Shake stares. He lets ends of lips grin. He twitches muscles to create dimples. ,,The pleasure of you talk sings through the song of Reighn.'' He lowers eyes from their stare then lets his head fall and gaze to look down. 

William feels Shake's finish. 

Kirra, Spear and Myst feel the lies. Kirra scowls and steps from the bath and the sweat tang smell of passing family of a human man and a hogoblin wife.

William looks at Git Thut Flik Umt Stah then the crowd around. ,,A night will be a gift for our journey has been without much rest and time to feel safe.''

Git Thut Flik Umt Stah stands and looks at Shake and steps from crowd and to a hobgoblins holding a child. 

A few hugoblins and hobgoblins gather around and pat Git Thut Flik Umt Stah back. 

The crowd begins to step along the road, stand and stare at the wrechage. 

A group of hobgoblins step and stand by the hugoblins and human couple holding baby. 

Myst's song slows as Shake speaks the surface tongue. ,,Speed the Bard,'' says Shake. ''We have been promised by our commander that once we return to have names to speak that are not what the town of Lyno and the dwarves of the mountain call surface talk.'' Shake steps and looks around. He bows. 

,,I can take the one's you can't fit in you shack,'' says a human male with shoulders and jaw as broad as Spear and height a thumb lenght taller than Shake.

Short thin hars braids a mane as sound of clicks and clocks speak from the mouth. The sounds become broken surface talk through Myst's song of reighn playing slow. ,,No curse to be human. Human. Want stories of waterdown. If that far. Do you go?''

The clicks and song notes playing the translations plays pain through Myst.

Myst feels the passion to play, but the pain through body.

,,Do you go?'' says William.

,,Waterdown,'' says Minst. He sighs and clenches body with Guile jostles and strips over a pain spike through Guile's leg. ''Waterdown.'' Minst looks at the human. ''I know waterdown. 

,,Follow,'' says the human.

The crowd of thirteen goblins lead the pack to the Rise and the sun.

All but Kirra and Jan Hfompf follow the crowd.

Bright blue day blows cold through the swamp trees. The swamp trees rise the hieght of Coal's Place. Their thick limbs grow out then up like a human's arms making a U. Hundreds of limbs grow from trunks wider than a Lyno intersection with roots wider than a house gripping mud.

Walkways and platforms and ropes hang from tree limbs in patterns of markings like goblin speak. The walkways, plaforms and ropes flow around the tree trunks between and over and under the branches. 

,,Markings like goblins marks like on the map and the spell book,,' says Minst in a voice only Guile can hear.

Houses and buildings weave trees and branckes with robe. Boards are tied and woven with rope to create walls, windows, doors. 

Guile says, ,,Goblins been here longer than believed.''

,,What is believed?'' says Minst.

Shake hears Guile's whisper then Minst. He sees a falledn tree with smashed rope and boards smashed and pulled. ,,It's like branching.'' He looks at Guile. ''Like the jails on the top of the mountain.''

Minst looks at Shake and nods. 

Guile peers at Shake.

The pack glances around and follows the slow walk of the group of humans, hobgoblins and hugoblins.

Rope bridge span from tree to tree and limb to limb. Walkways, buildings and platforms bend and hide and reveal from each step over the road. 

Tree house and tree hut and tree buildings hang above the empty swamp like a thick canopy buildings. 

A goblins pack runs over a bridge spaning over raised road. Hugoblins wearing brown leater hide armor and coifs stand with spears and shortswords along walkways, platorms and on stands raised above the tree tops. Bows and arrows are held and aimed for the sky. 

The empyt swamp a bed of pool and puddles. Grass lay dying or dead in thick clumps and mounds. 

The goblinkin tongues is spoke around. As they step the sound from Myst's music lowers, and her throat goes silent and still. 

Myst's body is not. It does not feel the cold or the pain. All the sound from Reighn silent in mind. Her hands and fingers sore and cramp. She steps looking for their next camp.

All the goblinking talk spreads and becomes only clicks and clacks. 

Myst rests and lets druma and hands fall. She feels a glow radiate from her body. He eyes open and she sees the bright morning. She squinsts.

The sun lights shines through the branches and the trees to the blue sky. 

The goblins run over road then to other side to the swamp bottom and a clearing of light shining on fallen trees.

Three fallen treesl lay in ponds and puddles over the swamp ground. Ropes hand from fallen trees to raided trees. Boards hang. Boards lay in spliters, slivers and stacks around the fallen trunks. Hobogobins and hugoblins loos through broards and branches as the step slow.

The pack stares below. Even Kirra and Jan Hfompf feel the urge to stare at the massive werckage below the road.

,,Black dragon,'' says the human walk with William. ''Crush. Acid melts.''

Kirra smells the sulfur of black dragon. Jan Hfompf feels trees near and on the fars side of the gab burn and die as the roots feed on the acid water.

,,Death,'' says Jan Hfompf with smile. A feeling of death and fear radiates from Jan.

Goblins standing on crates and boxes along the road run away from Jan Hfompf.

,,When did the black dragon begin to attack this city?'' says William.

,,After we drain the swamp,'' says the human.

,,To make the black dragon leave the swamp,'' says Shake.

,,How did you drain the swamp?'' says Minst at the human walking near William.

The human glances back at the Minst. ,,Pumps.''

,,What are pumps?'' says Minst.

The human looks back opens mouth.

Guile says, ,,They are long tubes that use distribution of preasure to move liquid from one location to another.'' He sneers. ''Not really that special or neat. Use them all the time.''

Minst kind of pushes away from Guile. His arm falls. Pain shocks body. 

Compenent back falls. 

Guile catches the back with hand under rope. 

Kirra grabs Guile's Robe of Reighn, lifts to grab bottom. She rips from a frayed dragging end singed with acid from the black dragon. With a yank and pull, Kirra rips off a strand of Guile's Robe of Reighn, ties the ends, says, ,,Forearm and shoulder.''

Minst puts the sling over shoulder and under forearm. ,,Thank you, Kirra,'' says Minst. 

Kirra glances at Minst and smiles.

The group of goblins walk. They chatter with the goblin clicks. 

The pack follows.

Beams of light shine through the branches and between the buildings and walkways.

The trees grew tall. Voids of pockets of life of roots touched to trees that grew. Trees grow 

Jan Hfompf feels the dry dead trees. Jan says with clicks and clacks. ,,Glighck Flick Gack Hicklck Jiack.''

The goblinkin chatter of the group quiets.

The human says, ,,The soldiers. From the senate.'' He looks at William. ''From the queen. That thing.'' He looks forward. ''They drained the water. Drained all the water. All over the land.''

A few soldiers wearing chain mail painted black and leather dull shades of brown. Wooden small shield are held or stapped to back.

,,How long have you lived in these trees to write all the marks?'' Minst peers at a rope mesh of marks along walkway. ''Are they stories?''

The human looks back and looks at Minst. 

Shake says and points at Minst. ,,This is Minst.'' Shake points to self. ''I am Speed the Bard.'' He points to the Human. ''And what is your name, so I can help write you into history?''

Jan Hfompf clicks. ,,Hiilg glosck.''

The human looks at Shake. ,,KlickClock.''

,,KickClock,'' says Shake. He points at KickClock. ''KlickClock.''

KlickClock nods. He says with emphasis onthe 'ck' with each work. ,,KickClock.''

Shake says, ,,KlickClock.''

KlickClock nods.

Shake smiles and winks. ,,KlickClock, how long have you people been here?''

KickClack begins to say, but Jan says.

Jan feels then Jan knows, so Jan says, ,,Goblins lived was it become a swamp. Globlins are swamp.''

KlickClock looks at Jan then Shake. ,,Born in these trees.''

,,Are there stoires,'' says Minst.

,,Stories...'' KlickClack looks at Shake.

,,Tales. History. Description.'' Shake smiles with a buzz that glows. 

KlickClack says, ,,Yes. Stories. And instructions.''

,,What instructions?'' says Minst.

KlickClock peers at Shake. ,,They read what they read.''

Minst nods. He looks at the ropes hanging a round platform by the edge of the rode. ,,They read what the read,'' says Minst. He looks at KlackClick. ''Thank you, KlackClick.'' Minst says the name like sounds and not spoken surface talk.

The group and pack walk toward the rise. A few people nod and step from the group to walk along paths to houses and platforms.

The sun rises to the wane. Sun rays shine between branches.

The beams of sun give warmth to Kirra's cool body; life to the bacteria and algea growing on Jan Hfompf; light for the marks over the Goblin Spell Book; light to give William sight; light to help Myst see the trees and people and not sing a song of sigh; warmth to give comfort to Guild and Minst; heat for Spear's skin to warm; a sign and hope for Flare and Guide to follow Spear.

Goblinkin stand and walk along walkways. They carry boxes, bundle and packs. Hugoblin kid runs with a pack of goblins. Soldiers stand in pairs here and there watching the group and the pack past.

William stares at the soldiers.

The soldiers look down or away.

Spear smiles and feels their fear of the pack.

,,KlickClock,'' says Spear more like a surface talk work than a sound. ''We are you leading. Why where you so far from home?''

,,Work,'' says KlickClock. ''Weaving.''

,,Weaving,'' says Minst. ''Jan likes to weave.''

Guile and Spear feel the anger of Jan after the words of Minst.

Jan slows step with Kirra to trail the group and the pack.

Minst looks back at Jan.

Jan stares through Minst.

,,KlackKlick,'' says William like sounds. Then he speaks, ''Where are you leading us?''

A group of ten goblins pack warriors search through a wagon on the side of the road. Boxes, bundles and baskets are stacked and tipped over the pebbles. Four hugoblins wearing thick hemp pants and coats stained with mud and sweat stand at the front of the ox covered wagon. A hobgoblins baby cries and reaches for another hobgoblins standing in a cirle of soldiers.

The pack looks. The group of goblinkin look away. They step from the path of the soldiers. Spear walks near the goblin warriors and brushes goblins warrior back with soldier. 

The soldier looks back with raised short sword and small shield. It looks away.

Minst stares and squints through the sun rays to see the small shield looks like plater held in Grun's sack and strapped to William's back. Runes and markings like the marks over the plater circle the small shields of the goblins warriors.

Minst looks up to report the finding to William then he sees an opening of trees, bright sun and six roads and a bizzar of people.

Six roads as wide as the road the pack walks span from a center bizzar of goblins and between the trees rising tall from the road top.

Bizzar of humankin and goblinkin spreads from a center stage twice as tall as Spear. Rows of blankets and boxes and booths line rows that are parrellel with the six orads. Clicks, clacks and surface talk create a wall of noise that forces minds from self thoughts. 

Swords, blankets, basket, bowls and bundles of sticks and meat are raised, lifted and carried. Smells of myrrh, musk, mustard, cinimmon and sage. 

,,It's like the bizzar in in the Vein under the mountian,'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

Three then two then four from the group of goblins step from the group and the pack and shuffle step their bath to WaxSet raod. 

A group of soldiers woith their black chainmail, shortswords and small shields pushes and shout for a path.

KlackClock pauses and stands next to a hugoblins and a hugoblins baby. He raises hands and presses hands on shoulders of the hugoblins. 

The hugoblins baby grabs KlackClocks and smiles.

KlackClock parts and pulls hand from baby and steps to the group.

The group walks around the bizzar to the RiseWax road.

Shake step close to KlackClock and clicks and says loud, ,,KlackClock. DO THEY HOLD PLAYS AND SINGING ON THE STAGE?''

KlackClock looks at Shake. ,,They hang. They kill.''

They walk along road to the RiseWax. They pass soldiers and citizens. They walk to a rope and board bridge into the trees and buildings.

Only five of the group of goblinkin remain leading the pack along the rope bridge. KlackClick leads the pack and follows the group. The childrens no longer with the pack. 

GitThutFlikUmtStah leads the group. She holds a dagger in hand and glances back at the pack as she steps on to the slabs of wood of the rope bridge.

William steps on the wood slates. He grabs onto the rope that rises to the height of his head. Weaves and marks like seen on the goblin map strand and weave along the way.

Minst, Myst, Guile, Shake, Spear, Guile and Flare follow single file along the edge of the walk way allowing goblinkin and humankin to pass on the other side. 

Jan and Kirra stands. 

,,We leave,'' says Kirra. ''Nothing remains.''

Jan smile. ,,The return of the swamp.'' She follows Flare. Kirra follows Jan.

GitThutFlikUmtStah walk by buidings, homes, upsteps over the dry swamp floors.

Minst and Kirra spy to see long tube winding around the tree bases and roots to a large lever pivoting over a circle. Minst touch the spine of his spell book.

They step and follow along the rope bridges, walkways, plaform and goblinkin walking, running, smiling and walking. A few hobgoblins stare at KlackClock and a few at GitThutFlikUmtStah.

Trees and branches weave above, below and to the side. Bridges span and hand to plaforms and huts. 

GitThutFlikUmtStah steps to a platform the circles around a huge tree trunk. The tree trunk is surrounding with wood and rope wrapred and pulls to create levels of a building from the base of the tree to the top. The walls and rope and baord wrap and hold around the thousands of branchs. 

William looks down and feels a bit light in mind. Minst nudges his back. William steps from the intersection bath after ClackKlick to the platform around the building and tree base.

Bots stack against the rope. A stack of stone pile in the center of the platform hold fire under a large pot hung from the trees. 

Goblinkin sit on stools and carve wood, weave rope and stare at the fire. A few look up. Those who do stare at the pack as they walk around the firepit.

GitThutFlikUmtStah steps into a wood doorway with dark beyond. The other goblins follow. KlackClock stops and stands in the doorway.

KlackClock looks at Shake then William. ,,Our home. Please enter.''

William nods with stare on KlackClock. He steps inside without look back or to the sides or into the darknes. He follows KlackClock into the candle light. The smell of sweat fumes. The feel of smoke clouds the dark.

Shake steps insid with a smile and not at KlackClock. He looks back and nods and winks at two hugoblins sitting on rock sharpening a night. Then lets his hand hang free. He says, ,,My night sight be gone with Polymoprh. Now what once was.''

Minst ducks and walks with head down feeling rope hit his head top. He says, ,,What is this?'' He sees a hallway for rope and sheets quiding them toward a wall a quick sprint away. 

Sihlouettes move along the blanket walls. They sit, lay and step to sheets that move to open.

Minst's question lingers and fades.

Guile follows Minst's question into the dark. He gags and covers nose then spits to the ground the bile coughed.

Myst follows with a step and a sigh that is near a note.

Spear steps to the door then steps to the side near the hugoblins sharpening knives overa wet stone. He leans against the wood wall with shoulder near door opening.

Guide and Flare see Spear stand outside. They take seperate paths around the fire. Flare leads then says, ,,Inside.''

,,No,' says Spear. 

The two hugoblins sharpening knives clack and click fast and loud.

Flare clacks and clicks and steps over them. He puts his hand on his short sword hilt and lets his black chainmail clash. Flare points and here and there. Then stands still.

Guide shurgs, stands and looks at Kirra and Jan.

Kirra and Jan walk around the platform from sight an near a gab in the wall opening to stands. Kirra watches the rope bridge near the door of the building entered. Jan  Hfompf feels her body flow around and through the dyring tree. 

A low moan flows through her. She flows into the tree and feels its slow death. She flows around the wall inside the building where the rest of the pack stands.

Git Thut Flik Umt Stah opens a rope door leading to room created with a sheet. 

KlackClock stand against the wall.

William stands. ,,Before we go further, I must know where we stand, and where we are lead. If not for me than for the knowledge of our pack.''

KlackClock looks at William and raise shoulders and tips head back. ,,Our home. And empty room. Sleep.''

Git Thut Flik Umt Stah clicks and clacks. The KlackClock returns the talk.

,,Thank you,'' says William. He ducks and enters the room.

Shake half bows while looking first KlackClock in the eyes then at Git Thut Flik Umt Sta who stand inside the room at a far wooden wall. ,,You will be remembered.''

Myst follows with a touch of the Stare of Reighn and a low tone to bless.

A music rings soft in both their minds as Myst steps into the room.

Minst trips and stumbles and enters to stand by Myst.

Guile walks into room.

The room curvers slow around the tree trunk. With the part of the pack inside people shuffle around wooden chairs, tables and paintings of cavases and an eseal. Dirt and bits of food lay here and there over the table and floor. Dust floats through the arrow in the few sun rays shining from the limb roof above.

Guile coughs, says, ,,Stinks. Dirty.'' He brushes grumbs from seat and sits as other stands.

Minst stumbles over Guiles feet and slams hands on table top.

GitThutFlikUmtSta grabs and flash a dagger.

KlackClock clicks and clacks and steps before GitThutFlikUmtSt.

Wiliam steps back. 

Shake grabs knife hilt, says, ,,A stumble.'' He raise other hand and slaps Minst's back. ''My friend is a bit clummsy. Need a seat.''

,,We are all tired,'' says William he looks at the two hosts then walks around the far rooom where the sun light shines throug the roof. ''We need rest. Then our maners will return.'' He looks at pictures on the wall. Then turns to look at GitThutFlikUmtStah. ''Then we will have the strenght to help you for a night.''

KlackClock speaks with GitThutFlikUmtStah.

GitThutFlikUmtStah leaves pushing aside Myst and Shake.

The sheet and rope door closes.

They stand silent. They hear the talk through the rooms. A hammer pounds hits.

Guile says, ,,Food. I am hungry.''

,,I have not the saddle packs,'' says Williams.

,,Still have the disk,'' says Shake. 

,,Can help?'' says KlackClock. ''Need help.''

,Help,'' says Guile before KlackClock ends his quick talk. He says looking at KlackClock. ''Neeeeeeeed Fooooood.''

,,Food,'' says KlackClock.

,,I can help,'' says William. ''After sleep.'' 

,,We do need infomration for the travel and food.'' Shake lifts from a pocket a pouch. ''We have money from the Set. Waterdown.''

,,Help. Help needed,'' says Klack Click. ''After Set.'' He looks at Shake and William with a smile. ''Food brought.''

Myst's voice, near a whisper, says to all, ,,How may we help?''

KlackClock smiles. ,,What abilities?''






