Major Constable Thicktik grins showing white teeth. ,,Yes, we will talk of the Constables if we walk to Oasis.''

The constables walking with the pack number fourteen total including Major Constable Thicktik who walks behind thirteen constables.

William smiles. He looks at Thicket. He says, ,,What are the Constables?''

Major Constable Thicktik says loud, ,,THE CONSTABLES!''

The thirteen cosntables spreads across the highway and peer through the morning amoung the white sheets and army soldiers. The hold wooden short swords and wood small shileds. Their brown leather armor blends with the brown sand spared over the ground. The constables black boot poound the gravel spread wide acorss the across the road. The constables walk looking at the pack and the army and the aquiduct.

Thicktik says on a strong loud tone. ,,The constables are a family of protectors of the democracy and the people. The constables family trees spans the generations of our world. The earliest constable oath was taken over a thousand years ago on the Golden Coast. The Constable Oath was created by the people. The oath was sworn by landowners, dock workers and a few street kids. They swor an oath to protect the Shine Dim Port while the amry was away. The port was attacked by pirates. The constables repelled the attack. They then went through the villages and farms. And urgent, whose name is refereed to as The First Major. The Constable Oath was sworn and upheld.''

Two constables walk across the far side of the road opposite of the aquiduct.

Thictik stares to the Rise and walks with Willam, says, ,,The constable oath and the constable family expanded along the coast. The first Major lead the expansion. It spread from colonies to cities to castles. The Constable Oath spread because people witnessed and people lived because of constables. The constables fougth theives and orcs;bandits and orgres.''

As Thictik talks, Two constables stand from the constable group on the far side of the road.
 
On the far side of the road, paths and trails and a road spand through flat span of hard sand ground, brush and short stubby trees and tents.

Tents spread between the trees and large pavillions. From the top of pavillions, smoke rises. Smoke smell of pig fats settles. White sheets walk between the tents. They sit by tents. A few fires burn near the tents. The tenst span to the Wax horizon lead by trails.

Trails bend and arch through the tents and around the cloth pavillions. Deep ruts walk past the pavillions and a wide open area with tables and bond fires. Whites sheets sit on the benches and eat. The step from pavillions with plates and cups. 

Army soldiers walk in fours and threes around the tents. They walk to and from the road and to and from small back outhud sized boxes. 

As thictik walks behind eleven constables, the Two constibles on the far side of the road walk to a tent trail and a person wearing white sheet. The peson with white sheet sits and craddles arm. One of the constables kneels while the other points and talks. The contable kneeling nods and puts back on ground. From the back, the constable pulls out a jar, a brown ball and white wraps.

Spear, Kirra and Guile peer around with Runtik walking ten steps behind.

White sheets pull carts to the rise. They haul bags to the tents. They pull ropes.

The army soldiers watch and peer.

The constables walk around the white sheets with nods and smile. One constable stops to help a three white sheets hitch a kicking oxgoblin to a cart full of black rock.

Thicktik says, ,,The constables are a group of groups that have spread through the land with an oath, basic law and a bond. The constables are one of groups that united the empire. The constables protected the drums and domes while the army was out to sea or fighting to the Watch Mountains.'' Thicktik says loud, ,,It is the constables the look for the people while the army fights for the republic.'' Thicket grabs a shoulder of a constable walking near. ''We are sisters and brother until by honor, people and the law.''

,,Constables!'' says Thicktek.

,,CONSTABLES,'' says ten constables. The ten constables spread over the road.

The road fills with white sheets walking from the side of the road with the aqueduct to the other side of the road with the tents and trails. Carts pulled by white sheets pull to an open area near the tents.  Army soldiers stand near the aqueduct and small black shanties.

,,The constables,'' says Thicktik as he steps with William. ''The constables followed and protected the advancement of the empire to and through the Watch Mountains. We have up held the law of the empire and the law of the drums and domes. We help thsoe soldiers who wish to serve the people server the people. We constables will take you after birth.'' Thicktik lowers voice. ''The army requires you to be raised with the amry. We want our warriors to be raised by the people. The army is beyond the law of the city and are guided by the empire their family and people. The armies glory be in the borders and front line. The contable's glory is in the order and law of the drums and domes.'' Thicktik squeezes hand of the soldier near then points along the road.

The road cuts between a wave like sand hill.

The tents rise with the wave. The sand hill wave seems to flow over the acuidcuts and rises nearly half the height of a pillar.

,,We are the constables of Oasis. We found this charter nearly 100 years ago. The army lead the way. The constables are here to stay. We still work by the same oath sworn far on the coats. Hundreds and hundres of years ago. The constables inforce the local and empire laws. We are the judges and the sheriffs. We help secure the passage of goods. We are as much the empire as it is of use. We help spread the law and the people. We protect sheets, robes and,'' He looks at William. ''Warriors.''

Thicktik steps close to William. ,,And you, William with the silver hand, where is you home? What is your law?''

William and the pack walk the road as it parts the tall sand wave and the brown stone under. The road flows from gravel to 

The large sand wave flows over brown stane. Large wood doors open to a dark hallways. Arrow slits sets five steps across along the sides of the door and above the door.

William says, ,,I have traveled from beyond Westmore Canyon and over the desert seeking order within the chaos.'' He clenches fist. ''We seek peace and law in a world we once knew. I have seen the chaos of war. I have seen the savages of battle.'' He clenches his jaw. ''I want to live here.''

Myst hums and in tones then says as William stops speaking. ,,We seek our faith and path to begin a new life in a new land.'' Her soft throat vibrations tickle skin and body. ''We want to sing with the people the song of Reighn. We hope to live and find law.''

,,Law,'' snorts Kirra. She peers around the constables and at the stone walls rising to the sand wave. 

William jaw loosens, and he speaks. ,,We see law and justice for the horrors we have seen from Lyno to Gnomsidy, but as I walk with the constables I see the lawlessness found during the past was only the frontline to law.''

William looks at the doors and the small slits in the stone covered by sand as he says the final word.

Thictik says, ,,You are from the Set. Where you sold into fighting? Where you choosen?''

,,Enslaved,'' says Kirra.

Guile sniffs. ,,Slaves fight for freedom. Now walk the land.''

Thictick smiles. ,,You foughts in the Gnomsidy.''

,,I training. I worked gray sheet then left. Go to green lands and mountains,'' says Guile. He glance back at Runtik.
Runtik stares and guile and says near mono-tone. ,,It is true. I walk with them over the desert.''

,,You human,'' says Thictik. 

The constables and the pack walk from the path between the part in the rock and sand wave.
On the sides of the sand wave are large doors and narrow slits. He peers.

As they part the sand wave with the raod, the tents become shanties, and the aquiduct rises to rise and over a rise in the sand.

Sun shines and a bright white wall rises aon the horizon of the Rise.

,,We are free,'' says William. ''We were once owned and controlled Lovetik. We were given freedom for our fight. We were given little as reward, but life and a few trinkets. Now.'' He looks at Thictick. Now we walk to an unknown land hopeing to find a new life withouth seeing the horror of war.''

Major Constable Thicket raises arms like a cross and shouts. ,,YOU SHOULD BE CONSTABLES!''

Guile smirks. William looks at Thicket.

The rest of the pack looks to the Rise.

To the Rise, shanties spread over flant brown stone grown. Short trees with wide trunks span ling the sides of the road. The aquaduct flow a stones throw from the raod toward the white wall.

The white will shines bright as the sun shines upon it. The tall wall that lifts taller than that aquiduct.

The highway road spans into the wall and a wide opening eight wagons wide. Iron bound wooden trunk doors hand open by ropes thicker than Spear.

AS the walk to the Rise, Thicktik says, ''William and friends, we constables want you to join. We want warriors. We want diversity.

William glances at twelve army soldiers, ,,What law do the Constables enforce?''

,,We follow and teach the law of the constables, then the law of drum, domain and empire. Constable law is simple. Three must be for a quorum of Constables. No single quorum of constables may police, judge or execute. No constable is above the law of the people, the dome, the domain, the empire.. Law is controlled by the people. The people are greater than the sum of the republic. The constables are the people.'' Thictik visors hands and peers through the sun runs and long the shanties. ''We only hope to protect the shores of the sand sea sand from the choas of Bin with the law of Bin. We hope to lead with the people to maintain law and order with the people.''

William nods, ,,Who leads the constables?''

,,The constables are lead by the people, the businesses and the constables. The constables are lead by the oath and the pledge. And we pledge our loyalty to the people and business of a drome. We are the people.'' He raises hands. ''And this is Oasis.

The sand floor spreads to sand stone. Sand stone spreads down, like saucer. From the sand stone, a white wall rises.

A white wall of stone rises a far walk aways. Wood and stone buildings surround the walls and spread between roads and blocks of houses. The streets grid around the white wall and the highway as the white wall circles around a tall mountain of sandstone carved buildings and towers. From the top of a tower, the aquidcut spans to the rise and set.    

Hugoboins and hobgobilns dressed in leathers, hide and padding haul packs and pulls carts along the hightway and from the highway to the roads between the shanties and then houses. Booths and carts lay parked laong the side of the higway. Picks, files, shovels and forks lay spread over purple sheets. 

People shout and point. A few point at the pack.   

The pack walks with the constables.

The constables spreads out. A few stop at a cart selling swords. Threes stop to talk about the shouting between a cart owners selling hammers and a person holding a broken hammer.

Major constable Thicktik speaks, ''The people and the business lead the constables.  Our rite and pledge defines. Our rant will obay. 
 
Guile says, ,,Lead the corruption?''

Thiktik says, ,,Corruption?'' He looks back and at Guile. ''Di you says? Lead the contruction?''

Guile clears throat and spit. says loud. ,,Corruption.'' Then he says loud and flat. ''Do the constables lead the corruption?''

Major Constable Thicktik look sfrom guile to the wall and tall bulidings of rock. ,,Corruption spreads through all minds. The Dark Constable times are no longer. We learned our leason withour our own teaching.'' He pauses and glancs Guile.
 
,,What past?'' says Guile.

A few people shout then laughter is loud. 

Thicktik says something, but the laughter spreads the settles to chuckles and the mummbling talk.

,,Before the founding of the capital, a choas spread through the land. The constables lead the chaos as much as the theives and murders. The priests of Bin where more chaos then law. During the last Chaos Time, all were under the choas of Bin.''

,,And what sung the constables and the people from the time of choas to now,'' says Myst. ''Or does the song of choas still spread with the army and war.'' Her voice  stricks body, but not mind. Her voice leaves a soothing hum in mind.

Major Constable Thicktik says with steady pace. ,,We found we need to live with both Chaos and Law. We found ourselves with law when we grew during a choas. It was with the founding of binary capitals, the Senate and with the constables we found law again.'' He sasy louder. ''It is Constable time again. We are growing. Chaos is spreading, but only to leave law in its wake.'' He spreads arms. ''We are with that law.''

William says, ,,I see the rule and law.'' William hums and nods. ''You, Thicktik, and the constables, have sung to my mind a open tune of order.''

,,And order that rises to the Senate. But who decides who get a Senate Seat? And what of the war and lawlessness of war,'' says Myst.

A wind gusts. The road become thick with leather and cotton dressed people. The shanties become small houses and long wood buidings.

Thicktick raises voice louder than the chatter and talk. ,,The senate is controlled by the leaders of the domes and the orders. The domes and drums out number the councils a great many. We have 196 Senators. Two from the 64 drums and domes. Two from each councils. The two from the drums and domes are given to the Spire, the namesake. The other is voted by the people. The constables run the election of the non Spire Senator.'' Thicktik looks to the side at Guile. ''Our laws are followed. We are also of the chaos. We constables help keep the law.''

,,No law in war,'' says Kirra as she looks at a column of army marching along the highway to the Set.

A wiff of body stench swirls with wood smoke. Bits of food, pachment paper, nad more dirt 

Thicket shouts. ,,Constables approach the gate. Constables fall in order!''

The shout castes and spreads through talk, worg barks, shouts and a few exhoes of laughter.

The highway flows from white people to flat brown stand stone the slopes slightly down to even ground and a long stretch of road to a towering white wall of stone. Parpetets frame army soldiers standing and staring to the Rise. Towers at the corners rise taller than the five level walls. The bottom of the walls are covered by buildings.

The street block of houses and buildings become large three story wooden and stone buildings. A wood walk way spans on both sides of the hight wans parts for the straight streeets that span to hte Wane and Wax. The streets curce with the slope of the wall.

,,C CENTER,'' shouts Thicktik. 

The constables nods and smile from talk and instruction with people selling, people walking, people asking. They step in to a semi circle form like a C leaving an open area for the Major constable and the pack to walk behind.

As the constables fall into a C formation, Spear walks near Kirra and the pack. He glances at Runtik and followers her by a sense he feels as he looks at the people and the buildings. 

The people points and peers at the back. A few glance then stare at the pack. They point and whispers. More step from the constable path and closer to the buildings.

The wood and stone buildings rise between piss mud streets littered with bits of food and paper smashed into muddle puddles and piles agains the walls. 

Fumes of sweat and piss swirl.

Kirra snarles. She sniffs and hold short swords and a dagger. She peers around the peole feeling the stares. Sh notices a few bow men, far away on top of the tower, aimages. She sees a couple of men, hugoboins, follow the constables from a stones throw away from Guile.

Guile sniffs and spits. He coveres the nose. He links with the constables mind. He feel consfidence, balance and security flowing with the blushtering swell of pride. Guile hears no thoughts other than the thoughts of talk.

Myst, by Guile, humms notes to see around. She listens to a guitar and piano in her mind sing with distant drums and some one chanting with clicks and clacks. Mary taps her drum to a beat with a beat of drums booming broom the streets leading from the highway.

William watches the constables for the C formation and stares at the Gate and tall white wall.

The gate is nearly as talls as the wall. On gate is helps open by ropes while the other remains closed. Each door are thick steal. Big steel hinges swing them open and closed. Ropes spand from door to oxgoblins. 

People form a line of people and a line of carts to the right as people walks from the open gate from the right. The line from the left spans almost an long bow shot from the pack and the constables.

The constables call off. ,,We for C...We form C.''' Constables along the wooden sidewalks and the street edge walk to the conatblees and the center. Constables helping put a unbroken wheel on wagon form a C formation through the people. The constables step around and between people.

People weraring sheets, robes and armor walk and crowd between the buildings and the wall. Carts and barrels showing knives, pots, pans, clothes and face jewelry crowd the sides of the and the wood sidewalks. People peer and point the wears spread over cloth.

People point at the pack and the conastables.

Thicktik walks next to William. He says, ,,You shoujld join the Constables, William.'' Thicktik looks at William. ''We are looking for new recruits. We need people like yourselves to spread the Constable Word to the Set. I can find you work and law. It may not be the way you came. It will be near the land you know.''

William clenches fist and jaw. ,,We seek adventure to the rise.''

,,The Rise offers much of one of law. It also much hatred and envy. There are laws far to the Rise where humans need not be welcome.'' Thicktik smile. ''I welcome all who want to be a constable.'' His smile rises to a grin. ''The Contables meet people. The people are wllling to follow creatures...races...You. They will follow honaaaa. Set has a vaste.

William says, ,,Major Constable Thicket, what do you know of Oasis?''



