William rubs his fingers between the sand feeling grains rub and cut into skin. He rubs the stubble on his beard, ,,Where is the pack's destination after we leave?''

,,Shiptik,'' says Runtik. ''It's at the edge of the desert.''

,,Another desert road.'' says Guile.

Runtik smiles. ,,It is a desert highway. Rock covers with wide long road. It is six days travel. The aquicduct flows water from Shiptik to Oasis. Water pours at each camp. Small emcampments are around each water nod. We travel during night.''

Kirra chews and swallows.

A quiet spreads.

Kirra says, ,,Why go to Shiptik?''

,,Shiptick is the next city between Oasis and Tryanium. Haultik is the other city. Tyranium is twelve days travel.''

Runtik breaths and says with deep calm tone. ,,I travel to Tyrinum with William. I leave without William.'' She rises to cobra pose. ''The team of droves wait for three days then leave. We arrive by tomorrow. We travel to Tyranimun, and we find the Lich Priestist of Bin. You end the chaos. You bring the law to the Empire.''

,,Law,'' says William. He rubs grains of sand between fingers. ''This land and this empire has now law unless that law is the law of might.'' He looks at Runtik.

Rutnik lowers corbra like pose and lays flat on check and stomah on glass flooor. ,,We have law. War creates the chaos. The army has lead war with the casters for power, resourcs and land. They spread over the land until they chaos consumes. Law exists beyond the Watch Mountains.'' She lifts chest and bends back to pushes back chin to pose like a cobra snake.''

,,Law of contracts for smuggling insergents into cities while tryting to contain the chaos. An empire that enslaves people to fight as gladiators. An empire that is neith good or evil but of law and chaos. This place...''

,,It is the way,'' says runtik as she lowers pases. She lays flat with palms pressing and face staring at grains of sand on the glass. ''The law spreads beyond the watch moutnain. The law is more balanced with the chaos of branching. The order of the constables are stronger to prevent army law and spiritual law from ruling. The law is choas to those not of the army or of magic.''

Wiliam flicks grains of sand. ,,Where is their harmony? Are they heathens if they do not hear the song of rieghn. Are all your Gods as mad as Bin.''

As Runtik and Wiliam speak, Kirra straps bracers and looks over her armor seeing the cracks of armor. She pulls shorts swords from sheathsn and begins to sharpen blades.

As Runtik and William speak, Myst lays silent with her breath breathing faint and slow.

As Runtik and Williams Spear, Guile spreads from his purr into Rutnik's purr. He remains in a mass of thought of mumblings and laughters of the different voices of Runtik. He feel laughter and hears shouts. He smells perfumes and sweat smales. Objects of fact and connecting to acts and characteristics of thruth that complete and spread the purr like a maze through space filling seeing not the thought, but the feelings between thoughts. 

As Runtik and William speak, Runtik says, ,,The harmony and balance is the belief in one God. The one God is for ever constants. The one God is all that is needed to be two.'' She lifts chest and head and arches back. She lets a laugh chuckle from mouth and through mind. ''This is what the priests of Bin say.''  Runtik breathes. ''I see to mind that the Gods are created by our beliefs. I say their chaos need ned.''

,,You care beyond a contract,'' says William. ''You...'' He chuckles. ''You who lie and guide and lead us to arm. You who guide us for your own gain. Law.'' He grabs Spear's Rose Warhamme. A heat beats throguh William from Spaer. His tense muscles hone and flex feeling to relax right before a strike. ''There is no law. There is no chaos. There is the good and the evil. That is how 

Runtik lowers cobra prose with exhale then says after Ezra after William stops. ,,We see beyond good and evil.''

William huffs. ,,The goblinkin see onl themseleves.''

Runtik laughs rises to a pose. ,,Humans see only themselves. See with the elves, dwarves, haflings and gnomes about the human.''

William lifts hammer and taps end against the ground. 

The glass grows cracks a web. 

William says, ,,At least, humans are independant enough to over through an empire. We learn. We are not the vial results of grotesck creatures that are the bottom features of any God. You goblinkin all come from goblins and horde and destroy all that comes in your path like you goblinkin.''

Runtik hold her pose ins silences.

Kirra glances from Runtik to William to Myst and Guile.

Myst lays still and quiet. A nostral slightly flare.

Guile traces a path on ground as his mind traces a bath through sensory input sworking through Rutnik's head. 

The senses and thought fade leaving him feeling feel nothing and see nothing and an emptiness that spans emptiness.

Runtik exhales. ,,We are no more good or bad than other empires.'' She lays on ground and rolls to side. ''Unlike other empires, you have the power to stop the armies advancement and seige of the lands beyond. You have the power to stop the chaos and bring law and order. You have power to save the humasn and what other races remain.'' Runtik smiles. ''You have a course to decide.'' She lifts and sits lotus and looks to Kirra to GGuilds to William. ''You decide your direction.''

William taps Spear's Rose Warhammer head to ground. ,,Kirra, what be your path when we surface from this hole?''

Kirra slides wetstone over short sword blade. ,,Jan,'' she says, ''Shake. Minst. Spear.'' She looks at William. She half smiles. ''Buckey.'' She looks at her short sword blade as her smile lays. ''Go to surface. Let the empire kills empires. Don't care. All die. Cities, towns. People. All die. All change.'' She looks at William. ''If you go to Tyrinum to kill this priestest. I will go with you to either die or kill that all seem to blame for their problesm.'' She glances at Runtik before watching wetstone shaprend short swords.

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,Guile?''

Guile hears William's voice echo mind pulling most his mind from Runtik into body. His finger still draws a maze with the sand covered the floor and mind stares blank as lips says, ,,Won't get money from Senator Ring. Love may see for me.'' His body appears to freezea. Jaw hangs. And a bit of saliva drips from lip. then like puppet string are pulled he says. ''Go to Tyinium. Never see sand again. Be happy.'' HisWilliam peers at Runtik. ,,How are we not goblins treated in the land beyond the desert? I hope with more respect than I feel I am treated with here.''

Runtik lays back. ,,You will not be trusted. You will find it hard to work. The constables will hire you, but only to work in the conguered villages on the other side of the desert. You will never be First. You will be considered an anomoly, a freak.'' She lifts head and looks at William. ''And you, William. You will be hunted for your hand until the Lich Priest is dead.''
 
Myst says, ,,If the Lich Priest remains alive then all the Gods will die with the chaos for the balance of Law is not felt by her.'' Myst lays still. ''If we do not kill the Lich Priest then lands will die with the death of the druids the spread of the army and the distruction of war.''

Guile sniffs. ,,One priest that powerful?'' He wipes hair behind ear. Loose chin skin wobbles. ''Kill one priest. The army stops killing. The government stops wanting war. All the fillowers of Bin follow Law Bin.'' Guile snorts. He slips from Runtik's mind and blinks back into body. ''Got no will with a God. Can't rely on one.''

,,One priest can control an order, and an order can control the people,'' says Myst. ''The Illusionist Lich Priest of Bin is an avatar of the God Bin. When any god leaves it's plane to the prime plane there is a chaos the comes and is brough to ur lives. The law being broken by the God of Choas and Law by coming to our world and using its power to break the balance of even the Gods to spread its won power both in the seuclar world but the heavan by killing both the gods and the fathers. it's the Illusion Lich Priest that can find the druid of the sphere's and pull it from the land then slay it.''

''There are many in the amry and most in the Senate that long for peace and control over the empire. There can be peaces and a treaty can be, but only of the avatar of a god spreads and choas follows. A God negotiates with no one.''

''I go to Tyrinuim. I alone will fight the Ilusionis Lich if no others are to follow,'' says Myst. Her lips close for silence. She lays.

William looks. He feels no song. He sees no sign. He thinks, <Why care?>
         
Guile reads William's thought. Guile feels William rage and hate.    

Guile sits. ,,Go to Tyranium together.''

,,The three of us,'' says Runtik. ''I will not be paid if only delivering a priests.'' Runtik lifts legs and bends legs until thighs touch stomach and chest. ''It could be the client will place the guanlet upon Myst's hand.''

William slams Spear's Rose Warriorhammer head to ground. Ground crack, and air feels to snap. ,,You will do no such thing!''

Runtik holds stretch and laughs and releases her legs and lowers them to the floor. ,,The steel hand is the only way to destroy the philacry in the center of the small shield. It's destruction will make the illusion real. Once the illusion is real then it can be killed.'' She lifts legs and exhales. ''William, you remain and do not journey. Myst if Myst wants will be shown where and how to enter the catacombs. If Myst wants her hand will be made steel, so she may destroy the philacary. If Myst wants, she will go as she wants.'' Rutnik lowers legs. ''The goblins empire give equal treatment to the sexes.''

William huffs and mock laughs. ,,The goblin empire are a collective of vial beings. You murder the land. Your murder the people. You take all you want and kill the rest.'' He points steel finger. ''You are born of goblins. The most vile vermin that has been born by the Gods. You're race can't even speak with out the click and clacking.'' He closes hand to a steel fists as he pounds fist agains the floor. ''How did you evade a land? How can you even make rules with a mind far less for vision than humainiod? Raping, stealing and cheating are the only means, you. You and your kind, can survive without out invention, withoout are magic. without A soul from the TRUE GODS how can you be?'' Willam glares.

Runtik glance at William and pivots head as she lowers legs. ,,I am with my will. You are with your mission.''

,,And then what?''

Guile coughs. Snott sprays, ,,I..." He clears throat. ''I go with William.'' He sniffs. ''Go with the pack.'' He shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

Kirra looks at William.

William looks at Kirra, Guile then Myst. He sits and stares. He feels and spreads flowing deep into the mind wanting to hear and find a song or sense of what needs to be done by... ,,I feel no song singing to me a path or guidance.'' He stares at Myst. ''I care little for the empire and the life I once knews has been destroyed and forgotten after all hte cycles. What I once was is no longer.'' He glances at Guile and looks at Kirra. ''I have the pack. I have Reighn. I have no home.''

Myst says, ,,Your home is where you sing, William.''

,,Home's here,'' says Guile. ''Home will be in Tyranium. More mind.''

Runtik raises legs to chest. ,,I will take you home.'' She glances at Kirra. ''I can take you to Jan if you wish.''

Kirra drips pouch of white power rubbed on ankle. She peers and Runtik.

Runtik stares with Kirra. ,,I have been told the Priests of Bin have not found her.''

William pulls leather strap of breast plate. ,,If you words are lies then tell them to another who will not kill you for lies.'' He glares at Runtik.

Runtik and Kirra stares. ,,It's true. The information was given by my client.''

,,Whose your clights?'' Guile sniffs and pulls thoughts from William's rage and through Runtik's stare and focus.

Runtik says, ,.One who pays to be annonymous and wishes the lich priest to be killed. My clients.''

Guile hears Runtik and connects mind with her body through her talk. Then he feels Runtik's body and mind line blurr and and fade and waves to definition. He floats in a humm of pleasure and thought as one. Guile floats insdie Runtik's thoughts.

,,You lie,'' says William. ''You know nothing of Jan.''

While starring with Kirra, Runtik says, ,,I know Jan was a druid selected by Blue of the Lyno Terrirory before Blue as killed. I know Jan became part of the land and a tree when you were in New Root Forest new the village of a similar name. I know of the priests of Bin to want to find the tree that is Jan and burn it. I know Jan has appeared to many thought the forest and leads a small band of villagers to help prevent the empire from destroying the land.''

,,Jan,'' says Guile. Guile floats around the mind and feels a flute play and a guitar string ring like hearing a song of reighn. ''Who's your client.''

Myst grins at Guile and taps index finger against skull. ,,The infoirmation is for my mind.''

Guile floats in Guile mind feeling energy pulse from her muslese, rage, happiness and worry flow and spread through the energy through body then fade. Guile feels a smell of sage and a deep echo laughter that pulls from the mind.

,,If you know of Jan,'' says Myst. ''What do yo know about Minst?''

,,Minst?'' says Runtik. ''Did you say Minst?''

,,Yes,'' says Myst. ''I said Minst.''

Runtik says, ,,I have not heard of Minst. My client had no information of Minst to tell me.'' She rises to sit lotus style.

Guile sees a red sash and darts. He hears a low deep tone sing like a song of Reighn. He flows and pulls from Runtik's mind and into his own. ,,When go?''

,,Talk of Jan,'' says Kirra.

Runtik looks to Guile and then William. ,,I received information needed to help convince you of a path.''

,,More lies. More lies. And are the lies where you lead to give my hand to another?'' says William. ''Is there a curse to killing a Steel Hand like there is for killing one wearing the guantlet?''

Runtik's crinches as she looks from Kirra to William. ,,A curse is a story I haven't been told.'' 

,,And your client?'' says Wiliam.Runtik says slow looking from Krira the William. ,,I don't know...Do you want to help me understand your question with details?''

William's steel fist clenches. ,,Does your client know the truth behing the curse?''

,,I don't know,'' says Runtik. ''I can't aske them. I've never heard of a curse.'' Runtik grabs a ball from the self. She hold it. 

,,Speak of Jan,'' says Kirra.

,,She lives in the swamp. I know she is working with the town to live with area around. She wants the area sustainable. She is now the druid of the region,'' says Runtik. She looks at Kirra. ''She's seen by few. I am told it is as if everyone talks of her, but few have seen her.''

Kirra looks down at the white powder in pouch and looks at sharpened short sword.

Wililaim says, ,,If your words of Jan be false, I will break bones until your screams silences my song of rage.''

Runtik looks at William. ,,I won't lead Myst to the location where she wants to be.'' She smirks and whispers. ''You be calm.''

William leans, ducks and lurche at Runtik.

,,WILLIAM,'' says Myst. ''STOP.'

William stops. He stares at Runtik. He clenches fist and punches the flow. 

The glass shatters.

Guile sniffs. ,,We go.'' He pulls he Reign rope over shoulders. ''Leave here. Keep moving. Stop thinking. Let heat burn thoughts from mind.'' Guile looks at Myst, William, Kirra and Runtik and sniffs. ''Can't be good if thought bad.''

William peers at Guile. 

Guile sniffs and looks at William while pulls back a few strands of hair. ,,Go out of here. Leave. Be done with this hole.''

william looks at Myst.

Myst yawns. The yawn flows to a low hum as she says, ,,It can't be good if thought bad. There is no reason for us to be sad. It can't be happy if thought sad.'' She lets the words hum.

,,Yes,'' says Runtik. ''I...Yes...'' She grabs a pack and says, ''We go. You gather things and prepare. Once we leave through the trail to the surface.  We be quiet.

We don't talk. Your voice spreads far and many who want to kill you will hear.''

William pulls on a strap for his ankle plate. He grabs pack. ,,I am ready to depart.''

,,Water, food,'' says Guile. ''Bring along. Get?''

Runtik grabs a pack by the shelf and pults the ball inside. She grabs three pouches and puts them in pack.. ,,We exit through a hole into a shack. The shack belongs to the droves that we will walk to Shiptik. They have food and water.''

,,They there?'' says Guile.

,,If not now then soon,'' says Runtik. She pulls the toes of pack closing top. ,,You four decend. I remain to close and trap tunnel.''

Guile crawls on hands on knees toward the hold down. ,,Go first. Get down.            

Kirra slides short swords into scabbard. She pulls on the knives in forearm bracer. She pulls on bow. She sildes and crawls and waits by the hole as guile ciimbs down
,

Guile clibms down. When he climbs half way down the shafter then Kirra sides and climbs dow

Myst follows the sound of Kirra and listen to Williams shuffle and kneel then crawl to the edge.

William peers a scowl and Runtik as he lowers and climbs down.

Runtik says, ,,Once the light fades. Quiet is good to be.''

Then the light fades to dark.

Runtik grabs her pack. She sets the traps and climbs down to meet the pack crouched and waiting in the short tunnel. ,,You follow me. We be silent.''

They follow Runtik as Guile shifts form into a hybrid rat the scurries behind Runtik.

Myst throat hums not heard by Runtik or the pack. The sound flows beyond Rutnik and beyond Kirra and William crawliing along behind. The vibration rubs strings for a song in William's mind.

William sees through the Song Sight of Reighn. 

William's armor clicks and scrpas, and scabbard tinks agains the glass. 

Kirra walks on hands and feet like Guile and Runtik. Her gray sight sees a few leaps behind and before barely defining Runtik's feet.

Runtik leads the crawl along the glass tunnel on ands and feet like a rat.

From the the glasses tunnel opens a circle pit and edge. The ohter side of the circle is covered in a mud brick slide. The muck brick slides into sand. SSand covere the bottom.

The circle spin spans thirty feet wide. A five foot ledge circles around the eidge. Sand slips of the sindes as the pack follows runtik.

Runtik leads to a ladder missing rungs. 

The leader rises into a stone wall. Half the wall is broke and flows mud brick to the slide. The ladder climbs to a square hole.

The square hole spans ten feet to a rusted metal grate. 

Runtik slides her hand by the wall near the grate. She pushes grated and lifts the grate and she climbs. She holds the grate as she steps from vertical tunle to bit room. She holds the grate as each of the pack step from the verticale tunnel.

The pack fills the a large room area. Tehe walls are crushed mud brick, slides of mud brick and a roof of mud brick above and around. Two road size tunnels spane from the square road. At the edge of the Wax side of the large orrom, wheel ruts roll through the mudbrick and along the two wide halls. Above is a wood ceiling and wood pillar hold the celing.
 
The ceiling gives wat to broke and rotted boards to mud brink fallen from celing to floor. 

The path narrows to three steps wide with a striaght granite wall on one side and a a slop of mud brick to ceiling.

The pack walks along the road. 

Runtik stands and pivotes and walks on the mud brick slide that rises to wall. She steps into the deaknees. Her foot slips on loose mud brick as she reaches a hole in the ceiling.

The ceiling hole spreads. The hole rises with the slope of the mud bridge. 

Above wood braces hold the slanted wooden ceiling.

William slips with steel boots.

Rocks roll and clonk down. Kirra grabs one of the rocks.

The other rocks echo to silence.

They climb along the rubble slide and slanting wooden celing to a hole burrowed into sand stone.

Runtik poauses. She slides her hand between two mud bricks and pulls a stick from between mud brick then crawls up the angled hole. 

The hole crawls to a sand stone room chiselled out of shape like a blob. Three tunnels a head shorter than Guile span. 

The room walls and tuneesd are waving, but smooth. 

Runtik steps and ducks under low ceiling and walks along the long hall.

The hall spans and spans. Ladders and holes span here and there from the wall of hall. A few side tunnels span at on angles burrowing through the sand stone. 

Runtik steps by an intersection of a hole that leads-up and a hall that flows to the Wane. She kneels and blows over the floor. 

Two wires span over the floor. She whispers words.       

A shimmmer flows over the passage entrance to the wane. 

Runtik wide steps over the two wires and into the tunnel. She drags her foot before her drawing a line in loose sand. Her whisper voice rises to a quiet statement. ,,You step beyond here.''  
 
Guile sniffes, says with high pitched voice, ,,Move against wall.'' 
 
Runtik steps back and steps against wall.

guile leaps over the mark and stops near Runtik.

Myst steps to the wires. 

William tries to say quiet, ,,I go first,'' but his deep voice carries an echo. ''I'll help if the step is not long enough.''

William steps and stretches step with foot landing beyond the mark. His armor rubs and body sways. His hand fall toward the wall for a brace and his body tiltes to the wane.

Runtik steps, leans and grabs William's hand falling toward the wall. She catches the William's hand and pulls. 

William lurges forward and fall beyond the line in the sand with a clatter.

The clatter echoes to silence. 

,,We hurry now,'' says Runtik. She leans foward and extends hand. 

Myst grabs her hand and leaps steps past the light. 

Kirra jumps, and Runtik leads along the hall.

the hall walls narrow and spread. The hall floor rises and lowers it's smooth then round bumby surface.

A few tunnels no taller than Runtik's need span from the hal. 

They walk as about as far as a long bow can shoot an arrow.

Runtik stops and kneels by a knee high tunnel.

Thick milled boards brace wall and ceiling boards along the tunnel. Small sand piles rise here and there through the tunnel. 

,,Small,'' squeaks Guile. 

Runtik nods. ,,It's the way. '' She grabs the piece of boards she pulled from the tower of mud brick. She lays the stick along the floor between two braces on eithe rside. She clicks and cliack quiet enough it sould only like lips smacking. 

A shimmer glimmers and dims. 

Guile, Myst, William and Kirra step hands and feet over the wood rod and crawl through tunnel.

,,I am beginning to feel like cattle being herded to market,'' say William. 

,,We are,'' says Guile.

They cawl along the short tunnel until the floor of sand stone become boards embedded into the sand. 

A nother sand and board tunnel sans to the Wane.

The pack crawls until the tunnel ends.

Runtik says, ,,We go above. We enter into a shack. It may be filled with root, people. I accend and return.''

William shifts and moves and sits with head crouched and back bent. ,,You need to talk to the mergants to warn them their goods are delivered.''

Runtik smiles, ,,Yes." She stands in the vertical tunnel, reaches and grabs a robe, climbs to darkenss.

Guile says, ,,The herd is waiting.



