,,It's dark," says Minst, "when will we rest for the night?"

,,When we get to the canyon's trail enterance. There's a place. We're about there," William looks at Carlos, "Do you remember the dragon?"

Carlos looks along the dirt road and at the mountain base and canyon walls, ,,No," he nods head, "No, I've been gone too long." Carlos looks at Carlos.

,,You two can both spin a tale," says Myst. She  looks back and holds the lantern been and Willamd and Carlos. "Between the both of you I think I see an local act."

,,Does the small ram want to ram his horns on William," Shake's shadow walks along edge of trail looking back and forth.

Carlos looks forward, ,,Are you shaking loose those bad metaphors, Shake?"

Shake slips a knife from forearm to wrist to hand, ,,I have something for you to shake." 

Carlos whistles and hums while rubbing thumb and index finger.

Shake's knife flies from shakes hand to Carlos's. 

Shake sneers, ,,Illusions," and flicks wrist. A dagger flies from Shakes hand, and it hits and sticks in the ground by Carlos's foot.

Carlos looks pass. He shakes head.

The dagger in Carlos's hand fades.

William peers at Shake. The torch light casting deep and shallow shadows. 

,,I think were at the entrance," says Carlos.

Myst aims her beacon lantern along the road. 

The dirt road levels and straightens through pine trees to bottom of the tall V canyon. Two wide wooden pillars stand at the road side. A stoneach caps ends of wide wooden poles arching over the road above the pine trees. Vines wrap and twist from pillars and arch and cover the words etched into the stone arch: V Canyon. 

Carlos points to the tip of arch, looks back and nods to Shake. ,,It reads V's Canyon."

Williams jaw tightens and flexes and pumps.  Shake shakes. Carlos slaps shake upon the shoulder. "Settle down." Williams looks down at the road of puzzle rocks making a flat and staight road.

,,You're going to get a knife in the back, Carlos," soft laughs Kirra.

The group stands before the arch.

Spear raises a hand points to the left and points to eyes, and he steps and disappears into the trees.

,,Is something going on," says Minst. 

William feigns a glance at Minst. ,,He's just looking around for now." He walks under the arch.

Beyond the arch a path of white pebble deepens into the trees.

Myst feels a faint wave flow over her head. ,,I felt something," she says.

Williams stands, ,,What was it."                                                         

,,maybe a feeling from Reighn." Msyt walks to the white pebble trail. "Or maybe it was being hungry and tired."

Myst lowers cover of beacon lamp. 

Fire torch light castes dancing shadows. 

Jan yawns, says, ,,We should sleep."

Minst and Kirra yawn.   

Carlos walks by Myst and to the white pebble path, ,,This go somewhere to sleep."

,,Camp ground," says William. "Some place to sleep or wait for day light."

,,Should we find more hidden place to sleep?" says Minst.

,,No," says Carlos. He points to the pine and needles on the ground. "We won't find an opening anytime soon and we would be clearing dry pine needles until morning."

William nods head. He walks to Buckey and pets her nose.

They walk the white pebble path between the pine trees. 

Pine needles crunch. A soft breeze blows along the path. 

Shake reaches torch between pine trees. 

Jan softly touches shakes hand, and she points to the bottom tree limbs, ,,Careful of the flame. Everything is dry enough to spark fire."

Shake looks and Jan and nods.

They walk straight to an open area wide enough to fit William's home. The dirt ground covered sparcly with pine needs. A fire bit rings the center. Moon light illuminates.

Kirra points to the pit. ,,We should put the torches in the pit."

,,Are we going to have a fire," says Minst.

,,No," says Kirra.

William nods, ,,Kirra's right. It's safe but not that safe."

Kirra looks at Jan, ,,An one spark from the fire and there's a fire." 

Minst sighs and shoulders slump. 

Buckey walks to Minst and rubs body against Minst.

,,It's me," says Spear. He steps from the tree line and into the flickering light. 

,,Anything," says William.

Spear shakes head, ,,And nothing heard."

Shake walk his torch to the pit and tosses it in. He walks to the edges of the clearing, finds some brush and shadows and lies down with hood over face disappearing in the darkness, ,,Wake me when it's my turing to guard the herd."

Carlos unfassens back and lets it fall. He pulls out bed roll and whips it open. He lifts arms above head and bends over toucing toes. ,,I'll take first watch. Got plenty of sleep last day." 

Minst clears pine needles from ground with foot while Jan walks to a tree, sits with legs crossed and back against  tree. She begins to hum.

Kirra looks at Jan and whispers, ,,Good night." 

Spear stares into the first, ,,I will remain awake."

,,Good," says Myst, "I want to sleep."

Minst Snores. 

William takes saddle off Buckey and pats back. ,,I can take second watch or the morning."

Kirra looks at Jan. Jan nods. Kirra says, ,,Jan and I will wake for dawn." Kirra sets bow and swords. She unrolls both Jan and her bed rolls while Jan walk the parameter of the camp talking softly under breath and waving and hand back and forth before her. 

Carlos spreads legs and bends over and touch left foot with right hand then raises the bends and touches right foot with left hand. 

Spear looks around the camp and walks into the trees becoming lost and silent.

Myst talks with Reign. Then talks in her sleep.

Carlos stops touching toes and leans back with hands on hips. 

Kirra does the splits and touches chest to ground.

Carlos looks at Kirra, ,,Show off," Carlos groans, "Next you're going to tell me my bones popping while I stretch will wake the dead."

Kirra soflty exhales a laugh through nose. Dust puffs into her face. She lifts head, ,,You're not that old."

Carlos sits on the ground and sticks legs straight out. He bends to press chest against legs and only bends two-thirds the way.  

Kirra and Carlos stretch.  

Kirra lay on bedrolls. She sleeps. She snores.

Spear walks the parameter of camp ground in silence and shadows. 

Carlos stretches. He pulls pouch from understash. He open pouch and pulls out a cloth and a bottle. He wets the cloths and cleans hands. He puts the cloth and bottle away and pulls out a pair of glasses and book. He puts the glasses on and opens books and reads. 

The last of the torches burns out. 

Starlight castes dim shadows. Once moon distant. One moon dim. 

Carlos reads and hums and moves finger above page like a meter.

Spear hears and feels his way through the trees steping silent and sure.

The moon move across the sky. 

Carlos shuts his book and puts glasses and book in pouch. He yawns. He stands and stretch then walks to William.

Buckey lifts head and snorts.

William wakes. He lifts head, ,,Is it time."

,,Yes," says Carlos. He knees and rubs Buckey's nose and between ears. "I can take a double if you're tired."

,,No," says William, "It's my turn."

Willaim stands. He shakes chest. 

The chain mail falls flat over chest. 

,,Been awhile since slept in that," He rubs eyes. "Who else."

,,Shake," says Carlos.

Buckey begins to stand. 

William holds out hand, ,,Buckey we need you rested."

Buckey nods heads and lays on ground. His tail sweeps over ground. His eyes open and breathing slows. 

Carlos lays on back on bed roll; closes eyes; hums with breath.

William puts sword laying by bed roll in sheeth. And holds dagger. He walk to the edge of the camp ground and walks around looking down at the ground and peering into the brush.

,,Farmer looking for the black sheep in the shadows," says Shake from under a brush.

Willaim stops and peers deeper into a shadow of a brush, ,,Shake?"

Shake taps William on the shoulder. 

William turns around, ,,Shake." 

Shake shakes cloak. Pines needs fall to the ground. ,,Something is shooting at us," he says.

Spear appears before William and Shake.

Spear walks between Shake and William. He bumps Shakes and looks at William then holds out open horizontal palm and shakes it.

William nods. 

Shake lifts a knife. 

William shakes head.

A cool canyond wind gusts then blows then settles.

Spear walks through the camp and back into the trees and brush.

Shake slips dagger under sleeve. He pulls cloak over body and walks to the center of the camp. 

William follows and sits by Buckey. He pulls out a stone and bottle of oil from leather pouch. He drips drops of oil in stone and rubs the stone over the edges of the sword peering and the long trokes from hilt to tip.     

The breeze becomes a wind. The trees sway. Pine needs fall.Clouds float before the brightest noon. The camp dims.

Spear sleeps in the forest sitting up against a tree. His soft breath below the sound of a breeze.

Minst, Carlos, Kirra, Myst, Jan and Buckey sleep. They snore and shuffle in theirs sleep. They grab for robes and blanket and cloaks as the wind blows.

William puts the stone and oil away and silently watches the camp parameter and watches Shake climb trees and practice throwing daggers.  

A dagger flies from Shakes hadn into a tree knott. He runs with silence over the needles, jumps to grab low hanging branh and swings up releasing and holding to hold the sway and sound of branch. He walks along the thick branch stepping and ducking and jumping with s short shake.

A few pine needles fall, but sound is below the wind.

Shake leaps, grabs branch with hands in leather gloves and swings, releases and catches tree trunk, holds and pulls knife free and climbs tree.

A few branches move. 

William stands and softly claps. He peers at the tree top.

The clouds flaot. Moom beams bright night with soft light.

A dagger hilt flash flies from tree top toward William.

William ducks and leaps to the right.

The dagger hilt hits the ground where William stood. 

A sword swings into the ground where William stood.

A loud tree branch crack snaps the silence.

William looks behind

A skeleton pulls sword from ground and raises it above.

Skeletons step from woods.

Mysts chest glows with white light.   

,,SKELTONS!" hollars William. He unsheaths and slices a skelton's spine.

Skeletons step from brush and trail. Their step slow and stumbles. Their bony legs shakes and and they increase from a shuffle to a run. Flesh and strips of cloths fall with the running. Swords and daggers and hammers lead the pack froming from the trail and woods around the camp.

Off in the distance Spear's shouts, ,,UNDEAD!" 

Myst grabs necklace and pulls the star shining. White beams shoot from the tips of the star and through skeletons before her.

The skeltons before Myst fall to the ground to a pile of bones.

Shake lands on top of a skelton pulling sword high for a swing upon Minst while Minst rolls over the grounds covering heard.

Kirra and Carlos roll to a stand with weapons. 

A skeleton group walks past Buckey

Kirra grabs Jan to a stand.

Jan pulls out mace and shatter a skelton. 

Kirra swings sword slapping skeleton with side shattering one. Then she swings and hits another.

Shake pulls skeletons head off, jumps to ground breaks pelvis. Minst overs head as skelton bones hit head. Minst chants and points and throws some bone.

A huge fist flies from minst growing as it flies across the camp ground and smashing three skeltons.

Bone finges grab Minst and pull him from camp. Four skeltons grab Shakes cloak. He slips from cloak and rulls away.

Carlos stands. He pulls hammer and runs swinging into the sketons walking the pebble path knocking aside skeletons 

Spear's scream bursts from the tree line with Minst over should. He knocks down a group of skeltons. 

Buckey stands and kicks skeletons one after another. He stands by William. 

,,We should form a parameter," says Kirra.

,,Around the fire pit," says William. 

Carlos spins and circle to the center of the camp area knocking skeletons back. No bone or swords touch.

A hand grabs Mysts cloak and pulls her back. She swing mace and spins shattering the skeleton skull and knocking aside another. Her star shines and becomes a pile of bones.

Jan and Kirra stand in center with a pack of skeletons before them.Jan swings staff and kirra the flat side of sword in long swoops,the skeletons step away from the center.

Minst points at a skeleton slamming fist into a skelton along the path to center. A sword cuts his forearm. 

The big glowing fist fades. 

Minst is hit an the head and stumbles to center behind Jan and Kirra.

Spear swings and punches through crowd of clawing and slashing skeltons addorn with helmes, rusted chainmail and breast plates. Bits of rotten flesh stick to Spear. Small cuts and scrapes bleed.

Buckey kicks up and knocks skeltons away with from hoofs and steps and kicks through skeletons to William. William mounts Buckey swinging and hitting blunt side sword and punch with shield.

A dagger stabs William in the foot.

William screams. Carlos smashes skeleton with fist and walks with Buckey to center.

The group presses in a circle. 

Rotten flesh and mildew spread.  The wind gusts then blows.  The stench remains surround the group in stink.

Carlos bashes skeletons.

Swords, knives, and skeleton bones swing away from Carlos hitting Willaim to his side.

,,How many are there?" says William deflicting to slow blows with shield.

,,Can't see very far," says Kirra breaking back of one skelton and getting cut with a wild swing from a skelton.  

Minst, laying in center, tosses coal from pouch into air and speaks sylabols. 

A ball of light shines from center of group.  

The skeletons tall and short surround the group. The short skeletons have  broader shoulders and bigger hips.The tall skeletons have skinny frames and thin bones. Scabbards, sheaths, belts, bucles hang limb from rot. Rusted chain mail and plates break with a single swing. 

,,Thanks," Carlos says, "It helps, but I don't know if I want to see." Carlos shatter skeletons chest and hits hand of skeleton stabbing knife at William. 

Minst stands in the middle, ,,How many!"

Spear bashes two more skeletons swiping swords through two spines. He leans back to avoid a while swing. ,,Not enough."

The skeletons scrap, claw and bite. They fall to a pile of bones.The bones fade to dust. 

Four skeletons stand around Carlos fighting William and Jan.

Shake leaps from beind and hits hilt of knife upon skull of a skeleton. Jan hits off an arm while Carlos knocks off a leg of a skeleton. Spear grabs o skeleton and pulls it apart shake pulls off head of skeleton and falls off. William shatters its body. 

One skeleton stabs at Myst and cuts her arm. She hits mace agains hits shoulder shattering its chest.

The group stand and looks at the camp. Their shadwos caste from feet to trees. 

The bones and armor fade with flesh and smell. 

,,Did they turn to dust?" says William looking at Myst.

Myst shurgs, ,,I'm not that blessed." She points to William's foot. "Need to take a look at your foot."

Shake rubs hand over ground. ,,Cursed don't leave a mark."

Speark looks back at Minst, ,,Magic." He walk to the edge of the camp. "Cursed."

,,Spear," says Willaim with a soft whine. 
 
Carlos walks to the trail leading from camp. ,,You didn't say anything about walking dead." 

,,What should I do about the light?" says Minst. 

William peers at Minst. Then looks at Shake, ,,Thanks for warning me."

Shake stands. 

,,What should I do about the light?" says Minst. 

Shake and William looks at Minst. 

,,Stop it from shining," says William.

,,No, I need to look at the wounds. Infestion." says Myst with a soft voice. 

,,The fighting dead, William," says Carlos. He walks to William, "I don't know."

William sheaths sword. 

Myst points to the ground, and William sits.

William says, ,,I have heard stories. Even at the bar, but I thought - OUCH!"

Myst press on first, says, ,,Yes, I will...Thank you..." 

Williams foot glows then fades. He looks back to Carlos. ,,I don't know."

Jan looks at Kirra's arms full of scraps and scratches. Small droplets of blood form lines on skin. Jan pulls out a piece of cloth and pours water from water skin on to the cloth. Then she wipes of Kirra's arm. 

Myst stands by them, ,,Do you need any thing, Kirra, Jan?"

Jan focuses on Kirra's arm and shakes her head saying, ,,No."  

Myst looks at Minst. Minst shakes head. Myst point to Carlos.

Carlos shruggs and looks at arms and chest. ,,They didn't even swing at me." 

,,I need some healing, Yew," says Shake. He parts cloak.

,,SHAKE," says Willaim. "Not now."

Shake grins. ,,Maybe later."

Myst looks around the camp, ,,Where's Spear?"

Carlos points to the ball of light above Minsts. ,,Probably getting away from the light." 

Minst looks to Myst. Myst nods. 

The light vanishes. 

William sighs. ,,We need rest." 

Myst grabs her Reighn star. It glows. She sits on the ground and closes eyes and begins to whisper.

Shakes walks to the brush and disappears.

Kirra and Jan look at eache other. Kirra says, ,,Where going to start our watch now."

William sighs. ,,Yes," William looks at Kirra. "Sorry, about this. I-"

,,You don't need to apologize." Kirra laughs, "We would have slept here."

Willaim and Buckey walk to the center by the fire pit. William drags bed room and tosses it down, lays on it. Buckey stands. 

Carlos stretches, yawns, lays on back, sleeps, snores. 




