Wind blows and pulls and whips and pulls. The rock path as wide as Kirra as tall is covered with loose pebbles and slanted rock surface of the trails.

With bow in hand, she steps soft and quiet between the pebbles and rocks creating no sound above the wind blowing past. She walks close the wall with hand on bow shaft and a hand on bow string.

The screech of the distant bird cuts into the sound of wind.

Kirra look back and sees Jan meditating on the edge of the trail And William stepping from the chain ladder.

She looks foward and steps around the bend of the rock wall.

Above the rock face spans high above to a new peak not of the cover.

The sun illuminates and castes her shadow forward.

The trail spreads to a wide scape of incline rock slide that ascend to the sheer rock face. Boulders, rocks, pepples pile from the edge to the wall.

A screech is heard.

Kirra sees to her side the bird begin to dive toward her and the companions.

Then a rock of the rock slide tumbles down knocking peblles to skip down and over the edge.

Kirra peers in the rock slide. She lifts her bow and pulls back the screen and peers along the arrow shaft.

The rock slide shifts near the top and arrows flight away. The rock slide curves around a distant bend.

Another rock tumbles from behind the blind spot hidden by the area of the rock cavein.

Kirra steps slow and stead placing foot form on solid rock.

A boulder, held by a huge gray hand, appears from behind the sharp bend.

Kirra release arrow.

The boulder is thrown.

The arrow hits the boulder.

Kirra turns leaps and skips and dives then rolls to a stand.

The boulder slams into the wall shattering sending rock shrapnell.

Kirra spins pulls arrow from quiver, notches it, pulls back bow string, sees a hand reach around the bend with rock grasped.

The arrow flies. Then another. Then another.

As Kirra walks backward feeling and knowing the lay of the rock, ,,ON GUARD!"

The bird in the distance grows from small to big to large eagle as it flaps its huge wings and screeches with the wind.

Jan grabs her staff and tosses her back agains the wall as she scramble and kicks from the ledge of the skinny trail running toward Kirra.

Spear grabs his hammer and follows Jan slowing step as Kirra back steps. He sees the diving bird growing in size is it stretches its claws.

The claws of the huge bird with a wing span of a house extends claws and wings.

,,THRACK," hollers Myst aiming ring in hand at the bird.

A bolt of lighting shoots from the ring and strikes the a claw of the eagle causing it to tumble, extend it's wings and flap back creating a wind that pushes at Jan and Spearand sends one of Kirra's arrows slamming agianst the rock face.

Two more arrows strike the fingers of the hand gripped around a boulder and extending from around the sharp curve in the rock face. The arrow fall harmlessly away.

The arrows fall and Minst flies.

He grabs and pops a row of components from his belt, claps his hands and twists arms in circles then leaps from the ledge and flies as if standing. He being to fly to ward the ledge.

The giant eagle swoops and flaps above Minst.

Minst flies away from the rock wall...

William with back against the rock wall pulls and tugs upon the bunld and pulls free his bag and hammer, sword. He shuffles through his pack finding his darts as a burn flows through his guantlet...

A rock flies form the large gray hand.

Kirra, Spear and Myst dive for the ground.

William feels the burn and turns seeing the rock fly at him. He hold out his gauntlet covered hand.

A large fist spans from the hand and punches the rock shattering it.

Small pebbles rain upon William has he covers his head.

Rock pebbles hit the bird that swoops its wings, rises and grabs the pulley above and begins to jerk it form the rock.

,,WILLIAM," hollers Spear as he rushes past Kirra stepping ling the edge of the rocky trail. "WHERE'S THE TRAIL GO.''

Kirra grabs onto the rock walk and begins to climb to wall.

Jan slows step watching Spear run around the bend. She looks up, sees the bird, focus all energy upon the bird and begin to slowly exhale.

A bullet from Minst sling flies and hits the bridge on the back.

The eagle claws two of the block and tackle and pulls them from the rock.

William hears Spear, but dives for the the chain woven through the bundle the feels and sees Myst kneel by him as they both fumble, grab, hold and pull the chain from the packs and armor and belts and bed rolls.

,,AGAINST THE WALL!" hollers William.

They push the bundle of bags and armor agains the rock wall.

The four pole, the block and tackle and the gears fall from above.

Kirra climbs the wall near the curve of the walk wall...

Jan's exhale becomes a breeeze then a wind blow at the eagle as the giant eagle pulls away from the ledge above and releases the entire pully system.

Spear runs against the wall brushing shoulder against the rock stepping around the curve to see three Stone Giants standing on the rock slide. He leaps with hammer swingning at the nearest stone giant's, whose leg blocks the trail. He hit it's ankles once then twice then sees the shadow of its hand decend...

The eagle screeches and flaps away from the strong wind blowing from Jan's mouth and from a dog barking at the edge of the ledge above. William and Myst step, stumble and dive upon away from the falling poles and block and tackle and chain smashing behind then falling below...

A giant roars as Spear's hammer slams its ankle then knee.

The roar shakes and echoes, echoes, echoes speading past Kirra as climbs the rock face, past Jan as she blows a gust upon the giant eagle, past Myst and Willaim and they press against the wall and move away from the falling pulley and out into the open air where Minst flies and loads a bullet in the swing as he balances and holds against the cross winds.

Two other stone giants stride down the rock pile. The fur tunics fluttering in the wind. 

The stone giant silences its roar and grabs Spear and tosses him from the ledge.

,,SPEEEEAR!" holler William as his body. William steps from the rock face and to the ledge.

The giant eagle dives...

Minst dives...

Kirra leaps from the wall, pulls her bow from shoulder and lands pulling arrow from quiver and lets loos a volley, while Myst aims her closed fist and ring at the eagle then, ,,SHAAAAAT,' and lightening shoots from the ring as three arrows strike the eagles back.

The lightening slams the eagles wing.

The eagle screeches and claws for the back of Minst.

Minst shakes and wobbles and stretches like forming to dive into water and feels the flow of air and sees the ground approach.

Jan looks from Spear to Kirra then up and begins to run along the ledge trail behind Myst and William carrying her staff and rounding a slow bend seeing an unfolding scene of an even smaller trail the spans to the distance as the width shrinks to that only as wide as a foot.

BOOM! shake through the rock and wall.

Willam, Myst, Kirra shake and shutter as a deep virbration flows through the stone.

...As the lighting strikes the eagle. As Spear falls, and Minst reaches.

Minst grabs Spear's tunic then he wraps his arms around his chest.

The eagle flaps and spins and twists. A wing hits Spear and Minst.

BOOM shakes the wall and rock ledge trail. Rock chunks break from wall and fall.

Jan walks the trail and holler, ,,THIS WAY!"

BOOM, boom, boom pounds the stone giants against the moutain.

Flap, flap, flap flutters the giant eagle as it falls in a ball of feathers and screetches.

Kirra lets loose three more arrows that sink deep into the gaint eagle's heads, chest and back.

Minst graps Spear, screams, ,,GRAB HOLD."

Spear wraps his arms around Minst and squeezes the breath from Minst as their descent slows.

Small and large chunks of rocks smash and falls past hitting Myst, William and Kirra.

Above a dog barks. San steps to the edge high above and screams sounds lots in the roar and pound of the Stone Giants.

Willaim grabs his and Mysts back then the rope bundling his armor and pulls them toward Jan slipping and shaking with the growing vibration through the rock.

Minst and Spear slowly climb through the air.

Kirra steps and holds notched bow aimed at the eagle while walking toward Jan and dodging rocks.

A larg chunk of the rock breaks from from the trail creating a gap.

BOOM, BOOM, BOOM...

Pebble, rocks and boulders break free and fall.

A rock slams Williams shoulder pushing him to the ground and sending pain through the body.

Kirra throws bow over shoulder and runs toward Jan as Jan strides around the slight bend of the rock wall.

The rockwall near the Stone Giants cracks. The trail falls. The crack spreads. 

Minst flies slow trying to guide and life and focus. The hold of Spear becomes loose and Spear begins to laugh. ,,YOU CAN STILL FLY!"

Minst tries to force a smile and then raises hands above head and looks above lifting  both up...

Section of trail falls. Kirra leaps and jumps past rocks falling above and from below the feet and the trail breaks apart. 

William's throbing should pounds pain as he throws armor bundle over shoulder and follows Myst toward Jan. 

The stone crack spread from the trail to the top of the ledge.

Kirra leaps past William and grabs and pulls his shoulder, ,,MOVE!"

The stone crack spread from the trail to the top of the ledge.

Kirra leaps past William and grabs and pulls his shoulder, ,,MOVE!"

A screech pierces the through the rumble and crumble of rock. 

Minst looks down and see the giant eagle swoop its wide wings lifting it closer and closer. Minst tries to guide him and Spear right toward Jan, but veers only slight and close to the falling rubble the begins to shower down like rock rain.

Jan walks along the skinny rock trail until the vibration is no more. She turns picks up a hand full of pebbles, focuse a body force to her hand then to the rocks as she thows the rocks at the ascending giant eagle.

The stones fly at blinding spear at the eagles heads smashing to dust and sending the eagle at an angle away from Minst and Spear an to the Stone Giants guarded by stone wall and pounding the moutain surfacae part.

Then the eagle falls with a limb body twirliing and spinning down, down, down...

A loud moan and shout sounding like a chant begins to take cadence with the pounds.

William and Myst step to Jan huddlling together on the ledge as Kirra steps behind.

They stand and watch Minst lift Spear way from the falling rock and toward them making a waved path.

The distant crack spreads. A huge chunk spanning to the now missing trail to the cover surface above breaks away and falls leaving a deep hole.

Then the pounding stops.

The shower of dust and pebbles settles and falls.

The whistle of the wind is heard as Kirra, Jan, William and Myst watch the struggle of Minst.

,,MINST!" Hollers Spear. "CLIMB."

Spear squeezes Minst Chest and he begins to slip down.

Minst's pain spreads from Minst chest to his neck and waist. Tears of pain are blow away with the wind and are muddied with dust.

A roar breaks the still.

A boulder flies at Minst and Spear.

Minst swerves then falls losing the focus, the site until he sees the shapes alighn and the energy combined to allow Minst and Spear to fly up and near the ledge.

"FLY," hollers William.

Their accent stops. They begin to fall. Then Minst focuses force and mind upon the wall and projects them against the wall as they fly fast against the wall.

Minst body bounces. A bright flash spans mind then fades. His body presses against the wall and begins to slip down.

Spear grips the rock wall jamming hands and feet into creaves then pulls body toward the wall pressing Minst against.

,,Rope." William opens his pack then closes it then opens shakes and pulls out a thick frayed rope. William tosess the rope down but it falls short of Spear's hand.

Spear's hands strain to hold and the slip and cut against the road. Minst lays still and feel the pain spread to all the body.

,,Minst," groans Spear. "Awake."

Minst moans and nods. Pain pushes skull out.

A dog bark echoes.

The cold rock crumples and breaks away causinga  quick slip.

Another roar is. Then a bark follows the echo.

William lays on stomach to lower the rope closer to Spear. ,,Grap the legs and lower."

,,You are not long enough," says Kirra.

,,Then what," William clenches jaw and reaches to lower arm and rope. "Maybe that dog bark has the attention San. Can we get San?"

,,No," says Jan.

,,Then WHAT," says Spear.

Willaim looks from Myst to Jan. "Are you able to help them?"

Jan looks at William. ,,No, but maybe you can."

,,Me," say William.

A dog barks echoes.

Kirra, standing at the edge of the trail leans and peers up seeing the nose of a dog and the head of San peeking around. ,,I see San," says Kirra.

William holler, yells and pieres the hearing of all near, ,,SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN, WE...NEED...HELP!"

,,Your glove, William," says Jan. "Use the glove to grab."

,,I don't know how!" says William.

,,You shattered the rock," says Myst leaning over to peer down at Spear.

,,The glove, the glove shattered the rock," says William.

,,How?!" says Myst kneeling low by William.

William lifts head and peers at Myst, shout with panic and fear trembling forth, I KNOW NOT!"

The dog barks...

Spear feels the the frozen rocks seep into fingers and feels the sharp rock edge dig into slipping fingers. His tense muslces begin to burn...

A BOOM! flows through the air and rock.

Dust and rock chips rain down upon all.

,,SAN!" hollers Kirra.

San's voice forms in the minds of all as if begin spoken to. <Leave the rock trail. It will lead you away. Travel careful and safe. I will sooth the giant beasts.>

BOOOOOOOM flows and knocks from from the wall.

Spears grip slips and catches.

,,WILLIAM!" screams Myst.

William lets the rope fall...

Minst groans and blinks and stares at the rock wall, ,,Let me fall, Spear."

,,No," says Spear.

BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, BOOM pounds and shakes through the stone...

William reaches out with his guantlet and focuses on Spear and Minst. He expands his hand and reaches and strains, but nothing happens.

Chunks and chips of rock fall and hit and shatter upon the shaking path.

,,IT. WILL. NOT," says William.

,,Try," says Myst as she stumbles with Jan to stand near Kirra.

Kirra steps from the edge of the trail as it begins to crumble. Jan pulls Myst from the path of falling rock.

Spear slips and grips the edge of the creaves with hand and feet. Minst slowly slides down.

The BOOM stops...

Rocks chips and chunk falls dust spreads.

Spear withholds the urge to cough, feels finger tips slip, falls.

,,NOOOOOOOOOO," hollers William. Fear, rage, pain and sorrow focus. His body pushes. His mind pleads and projects.

The guantlet projects a hand from it to Spear and Minst. The hand grabs the pair and lifts the pair toward the guantlet.

William stands almost as if by command from a puppeter and moves arm to move guantlet and the project hand over the skinny rock trail slamming both Minst and Spear into the rock face.

A edge of the trail cracks.

Kirra pushes Jan. Jan pushes Myst. Myst pushes William. William stumbles over the bundle of packs and armor. Spear grabs William's hand and pulls him closer to the cliff face.

The trail behind Kirra breaks and falls to rock and dust to along the sheer cliff.

,,MOVE," hollers Kirra.

Minst moan and stands. His nose bleeds and jaw is swollen.

Spear grabs Minst and pulls hims along the trail. William grabs the bundle of armor and bags. Minst picks up Minst's spellbook. Jan and Kirra push others along as the trail crumbles behind.

The wind gust and blows dust and force against and along the rock face.

William shouts between coughs and above the wind's whistle, ,,Where does this lead!?

Minst slips hand between folds of armor. ,,MY BOOK!"

,,I HOLD,'' hollers Myst.

,,MOVE,'' hollers Kirra.

They run. They over the peddle and rock littered trail. They step over shrubs. A few cracks and gaps cause them to wide step.

The mountain spans above with a sheer rock wall to a top ledge high enogh to be hidden by the clouds. The mountain spans below with a sheer rook terraced with small ledges and platforms until the base of rubble far below spans to evergreen trees, oaks and a river following the bend of a canyon.

The canyon twist around bends hidding its end.

A shadow castes over.

The sun shine and its ball are blocked by the mountain.

The trail widens and shrinks from as wide of a step to a leap.

Minst slows stride to a walk. His lungs burning and breath deeps and short. His step slows. Then he stops and stands breathing deep.

Everyone stops behind.

Myst, Spear and William breathe deeps and drip of sweat. William drops the bundle of armor and leans over to put hands on knees. He cough and gags nearly puking.

Spear breaths heavy and puts a hand on William's back. ,,Need help friend." The word friend more of a wheeze as Spear puts hands on hips, breaths deep and leans back against the cold rock.

,,My book," breaths Minst. "Please. I..."

Myst smiles and wipes sweat from forehead.

Kirra stands and checks her sword, bow, belt and pack. She takes off her quiver and counts her eight arrows. She looks behind stares along the tail and at the rock wall and sloping sides of the otherside of the canyon.

Jan kneels near the wall and the edge of the trail then pushes and brushes away rocks, pebbles and dust. He fingers rub the solid stone corner.

Sun beams shine between the canyon walls. Shadows still caste on the campanions as they stand, sit and breath. There hearts slow pace and bodies relax.

The blowing wind slows and a breeze and gusts.

Minst breaths deep and exhales. ,,What were. What were those...Those Giants."

,,Stone Giants," says Kirra.

,,You've seen them before," says Minst with face spread with surpise.

Kirra looks from the distant to Minst. ,,No. I have been told of them." She throws quiver over shoulder. "They must be hungry or scared. The stories I have heard had them as peaceful. Eating more plants than flesh."

,,The goblin horde," says William. He coughs.

Kirra nods.

,,Where now?" says Minst. He squints and a slow throb of pain in his head. "I know where. There's only one way, but...But where."

William stands and leans agains the moutnin. ,,The map hasn't much detail of this canyon or small trails like this."

,,We follow the trail," says Jan. She stands.

,,How do we know it won't end?" says Minst.

,,The trail was carved from the rock." Jan looks long the trail as it winds deeper into the canyon declining at a steady slop. "Marks on the rock are like the marks see in the cave of the living machine."

,,What is that living machine?" says Minst as he squints.

,,I can ask Reighn." says Myst. "Reighn will guide."

,,About the living machine?" says Minst

,,This trail will guide," says William.

Myst huffs.

William reaches for Myst and puts his hand on her shoulder while casting soft face of forgiveness then slowly closing eyes.

,,What's the living machine? And why aren't the stone giants beating the rock down upon us?" says MInst.

Myst shakes William hand from shoulder and steps past Minst and Spear.

,,San," says Kirra. "She thought to me she was going to stop the giants?"

,,Thought?" says Spear.

,,Her voice in mind," says Kirra. "Like whispers."

,,Like her son!" says Minst with a smile. "She's a psoinicist!"

,,Great Gods, would you like to talk to her in you mind now and ask the way," says William.

,,She said to go. Move," says Kirra.

William nods and looks at Minst and Spear.

They all turn toward Minst and follow her lead.

They walk. One foot in front of the other in a single file. They walk. Myst then Spear then Minst, William, Jan and Kirra walk with shoulder against the rock face and feet furthest from the trails edge.

The sun rises in the sky. The breeze settles and soft blow. The cold warms to a chill. The sun beams illuminat the river and the wall below, the rock face across, but shines no light upon Myst, Spear, Minst, William, Jan and Kirra.

Myst walks softly tapping on her drum to the song sung from Reighn. She walks with the song beat guiding her foot fall more than her sightand body, but still the feet fall true around the slow curves of the trail. Her step remains true to the soft beat pounded out as she leads along the curved path following the curves of the canyon and the river below.

Spear feels the cold wind on his face and head. His hat removed so he could hear more than gusts. He peers a long opposing rock wall. 

It's face a tiered sheered rock face to slow sloped rock and dirt piles covered with every green trees. Small water falls wet the walls and falls and flows to mist. 

Spear hears the echo of rock fall and sees the kicking legs of mountain goat jumping along the rock face across the canyon.

He grabs his hammar and pulls on his back's strap. His eyes scan blow the trail seeing only rock and trees. Then he peers above seeing the only rock face and vines. He feels the mist of a waterfall high above being blow to mist. He clenches his
blood dried hands.

A chill spreads as over body as they walk  around a bend to light.

The light shines on Minst then darkness covers as looks from the trail edge, above, Spear and to his back unslung and hanging open as he shuffles through the components searching for a packet of a feather and bat guano. He finds them and walks and touches his spell book stuffed betweeen the folds of his armor. He walk and steps his height behind Spear thinking of how to better secure his spellbook while looking at the trail edge, above and foward.

William feels the pull of the armor bundle pulling on his back. It hits the rock and itself sending soft echoes of clinking armor through the canyon pulling Spear to glance back then forward and causing William to step away from the rock face  and near the edge of trail averting eyes to not be pulled to peer down, down, down down far below the distance William wants to be until he steps away from edge. His tension lessens as the skinny trail increase to a width allowing an easy  walk. William's breath is short and chest begins to burn as they walk on and  on and on... His mind ponders what to do once they reach the base. He feels  to talk, but the short breath and weight of the armor bundle suffocate the words and weight them down.

Jan walks with eyes closed following an energy caste from her staff and robe like a bat using sonar. The energy bounces off the rock and flows with the wind  and away or back.

The staff in her hand become more dry feeling to pull moisture from her hand until a mist for a waterfall high above sprays by then the staff for many steps becomes moist. 

The moss woven in the wool of her robe warms her body when cool and cools her body when warm. 

Jan open's her eyes as she begins to feel with the energy of the staff and moss flowing around her beginning to better her step without the sense of sight.

Kirra watches Jan walk and stares and peers at her bow and arrows, her sword, parts of her leather shirt and padding. Kirra listens to that rock tumbling and in the distance, the birds flying below, the river thrashing, insects buzzing past, William's and Minst's deep breathing and shallow breath.

The sun rises. The rays of lift flow from shining through the canyons to shinning upon the canyon at an angle shadding the side of the canyon where walk the companions and brightening the reds and browns and tan shades of rock on the other side.

The wall shining with sunlight slope and slide and spread causing the canyon to widen. Pine trees rise from the base to near the level of the companions on the other side. The face of the sheer rock shrinks to small tiers like a mountain pyramid for titians until it reaches a sloped peak disappearing inoto the height. Block by the rock and pine trees becoming more bare and dead as the pine forest ascends. 

The pine trees below grow with confires and oaks all large enough for one to see a individual tree from a height a boulder would fade from sight if it fell from the trail walked and stomped.

The trail slope steepens in grade that forces a quicker step or for one to lean back to slow the descent. The trail becomes pebble littered causing William to stumble and sway with the journey down. His fear of falling secured by the widening trail that deepens inton  the raci face carving out a half-hall. The trail becomes more striaght than curved as  they walk and as the shadows of the light caste upon the opposite canyon wall.

Cold flows through the dim. The wind gusts between a breeze and a blow.

,,How long shall we walk until we eat?" says Minst. His head aches a dull shallow pain slightly pumping pushing at skull. He rubs his temples.

Myst's drums drum away the question.

William pulls up on the rope holding the hanging armor. He clears his dry throat, pulls on his waterskin and drinks some water, swallows, says, ,,Now.'' He pushes his hand into the sack at the side and pulls out dried beef and bits, chews.

,,Will we be stopping for a rest," says Minst. He looks back at Spear then Kirra at Jan.

Spear stops and walks to the wall. He pulls off down his pants and lifts up his tunic and pees against wall. ,,Only to pee."

Kirra and Jan walk past Spear.

Kirra says, ,,Eat, walk." She bites and apple and chews.

,,Are we going to rest any time?" says Minst. He shoulders slump. "Head hurts. Breathe
is..."

,,The height," says Jan. "We need to walk." Her stomach flows to hollow as she opens her eyes. The feelings of energy from the staff and cloak fade.

,,Are we going to be attacked? Is this something," He looks at Kirra. "Are feeling something?"

,,No," Kirra says.

,,Goblins, Stone Giants, dwarves we don't know, giant eagles," says William. He breaths deep and pulls on the rope over shoulder and wrapped around the bundle. "There no cover."

Spear shakes off and steps away from the pool of urine. He steps and pulls of his pants and the coat baring down to his tunic and knee length hide pants. He bundles in a roll then ties the roll onto his pack. He hears William. ,,Do you need me to carry you, Minst?"

Minst looks back, smiles. ,,No." His head slumps and he walks forward following Myst's drum tap.

The drum taps and Minst leads down the straight path.

Below the path the large trees grow in size to a distance that feel assuring that there is a base below. A slope is seen flowing from the sheer rock and to ever greens.

They walk and walk and walk hearing birds and a few howls echo through the canyon. The smell of pollen and plants and mildew swirls with a cool breeze. The breeze blows and swirls.

The walk from the sun as its raise stop their ascent. Darkness cover all sides of the wall and only touches the top, very high above, the opposite canyon wall.

The trail becomes cracked and uneven. Pebbles and rough edges cause slips and slides as the slope declines.

Pine trees grow on the other side of the canyon. They grow near enough for Jan to feel their life ever spreading and evergreen. Their pine smell flows with the breeze and its cold body flowing over the flesh with each step and beat of Myst's drum.

Myst only feel the drum beat. The slip and catch of feet over the rock trail is a steady drum roll until the beat is found agian. The hunger spreading through her body. Sweat beneth her thick hide pants and coat or the hat hugging her head. 

Myst sees darkness and music notes playing a path even when her eyelids spread to slits. The song of Reighn plays and guides provide the only nurishment Myst needs. She does slids and stumble, but findds her way down the steep slop and wide trail.

And they follow. William, Minst, Jan, Kirra and then Spear follow Myst and her blind march down walk the light from blow to above dims.

William's mind begins to focus as food fills his stomach with snacking and water from the waterskin, from the air deep and thick easy to inhale and exhale easing the pain pumping with heart. 

The amrmor bundle does pull, but the pain is pain of duty and honor and family history, so the pain fades. He watches his feet step and looks to the slide watching the step and stride down, so foot falls sure and fast. 

William walks looking at Myst and back to see Minst, Jan, Kirra and William.

Minst's head breaths to a pain free state which makes him smile and able to focus on both stepping down the trail and reading his spell book as he bits on bits of dried fruit. 

The spells form shapes and swirls of colors in mind as the lines and scrawled script are studied but their complexity simple after months of study with Hern and wizards guild. 

His mind is light and sight not focused on William, but the challenge to walk and study a spell to fly gives distraction for his body to rest.

Jan keep eyes closed and sight focused on the energy echoes of her staff and cloak to feel the boundries of its power. She walks side to side to feel the wall and the ledge and the wind. She begins to sense the sublte change in wind with the echoes of energy blown black. Where high on the mountian she could not feel the energy echo of Kirra and Minst, as she walks the trail the energy echos show a the shapes in her mind of everyone.

Kirra watches Jan walking back and forth while not starring at the trees and the forest or a bird or flock flying through. She hears the chirp of birds to birds and feels the rush through her body. She smells the deep pine smell and feels with joy. She walks along the edge starring between Jan and the forest spreading blow. 

Water mist flowing in the wind flow over her face and the bits of water pooling beneath  her eyes.

Spear walks. He steps. He eats. He follows until they the trail becomes steps and everyone stops and stands at the steps.

The steps descend step into switch baack stars decending into two towering redwoods and pines trees that has tops slopping down as the canyone continues on bending into the darkness dimming near night.

The sounds of a river rages between the wall and the trees as they stand and squint to see the steps.

Myst stops playing her drums. William lowers his armor bundle. Minst sits on a step. And Jan steps down the steps until the echoes show here the feeling that everyone else is not following her down.

Jan opens her eyest to the twilight.

Minst yawns, pulls up knees and puts head on forearms. ,,How far below?"

,,Far," says Kirra stepping past and down the steps. She pulls her short sword from sheath.

,,Tired," says Minst.

William sits on the stairs. ,,Would it not be best if were were to remain here, on near these steps for a night of sleep and time to eat a meal without the walking?"

Kirra steps and stands by Jan.

,,I don't care were we rest," says Myst. She lets the drums lower and hang on a rope from belt then takes pack from back and pull out an apple and eats.

The cold breeze blows between the threads and the skin causing a shiver and shake.

Spear holds the want to chatter and shake. ,,It will snow tonight."

Kirra nods. Jan says, ,,We will have cover in the forest. I could create shelter."

,,The wind will blow in the morning time," says Kirra.

William chews and swallows. ,,The high ground is easier to defend. The cover will protect from attach that come from above."

,,There's always higher ground," says Spear.

William looks up then along the step.

,,I could sleep through a God's snore," says Minst. He pulls of pack and lays on pack.

Kirra step up the steps. ,,Up or down. We should rest."

Myst stands and grabs her drum and pack. She walks from the steps and tosses her pack agains the wall then begins pushing away rock with her feet. ,,This is where I shall sleep."

,,I'll have first watch," says William.

,,I could caste a spell to alarm us all of some one nearing camp," says Minst.

,Caste your spell if you wish," Spear tosses his pack to ground. "I will take second watch."

Jan and Kirra was up the steps. Minst pulls open his pack and pulls out a component. He lifts his pack and walks a few strides from the steps.

,,I wish to wake with the light of the sun," says Jan.

The wind blows and gust and shifts and whirls spraying all with dust and dirt. The smell of smoke is found hidden between the blows.

Spear, Kirra and Jan sniff.

,,Campfire smoke," says Spear.

,,They cook deer," says Kirra.

Jan giggles.

,,Where?" says William stepping to the edge of the trail and peers through the shadows.

Minst hears the talk and walks to the edge.

A deep blue glow radiates a distance away in the middle of the trees.

,,Hidden by magic," says Minst. He points to the area of blue glow. "It appears to be a illusions to hide the fire light."

,,We sleep here," says Kirra. "And watch."

Myst snuggles against the rock and bundles in her hide coat and pants. She lays her head on her bed roll and back. Then pulls her arms in her hide coat, grabs here Star of Reighn and begin to talk in whispers with Reign then begins to sing soft with the wind.

Warm spread and spans from Myst and past, William, Spear, Kirra, Minst and Jan.

Myst sings to sleep with her soft breath.

Minst shakes settles. He looks at Myst. ,,Thank you, Myst."

William looks at Minst the Myst. ,,Thanks, Myst."

Spear looks at Kirra, nods and walks walk up the trail until the warmth fades and the cold spreads over his body. He tosses his back against far rock wall. He pulls some dried meat from his food back and tosses it by his pack. He then pulls his broadsword from the scabbard strapped to back and swings it feeling balance. Stretching his muscles and adapting to the swing of sword while watching the trees below...

Minst watch Spear for a short time then walks to his backs and lays in the warms sphere caste by Myst. He lays on side and sleeps before his eyes shuts.

Kirra watching the trees. She walks down the steps and finds a small nook lays bow and quiver on a step above and her short sword over her lap. Her packe pushes he body upright as she closes her eyes and feel the cold wind blow upon her face...

William sits on the steps and stares as Jan lays by the edge of the trail with body continuing the rock face.

Jan lets the breeze blow on face and release mind and body to float and twist and turn in the breeze.

And William sits. His eyes droop, but never close. He stares down the stairs then looks back with the change of the breeze.

A few echoes of loud talk and laughter spread through the canyon.

William stands after the loud talk and laughter fades. He walks from the warm of Myst's sphere of warm and lets the cold shiver the body and chill the sleep.

Darkness spread dimming the canyon.

Clouds cover the sky casting away star and moons' light.

William steps, stares and stands watching, listening and feeling. He stares and walks and wanders the cold then stand by Spear, kneels and says, ,,Spear."

Spear wakes and says, ,,It will snow soon."

,,Then I will dream of a warm place," says William.

,,Let that sleep begin," says Spear.

William rests hand on Spear's shoulder and says, ,,Thank you, my friend."

,,Thank you," says Spear as William stands and lays on the ground by his bundle and over pebbles and dirt not feeling anything but sleep...

Spear blinks seeing through the night. The cloud covere casting darkness even to his were enhanced. The snow casting grays over shades of black.

Spear sheaths his bastard sword and pulls hide coat over chest and pulls hide pants to waist. He grabs his hammer and walks to the stairs, sits at the edge of the stairs down and looks down along the stairs and along the wall to the switch back stairs.

It snows. Flakes fall and float and swirl to the ground. They blow by Myst and melt and drip the roll to the ground. Snow dusts the rock and dirt. It piles on Jan and Kirra and Spear.

Spear hears the howl of wolves echo and fade.

The campire smell fades as the snow piles around Spear.

He sit. He stares and become covered with snow. Then he hears dwarvish whispers flow from below.

Spear sees far blew along the stairs to a platfrom for the stair's switch back. The dark blue shapes contrast against the gray of snow seen through Spear's eyes. 

The pack of dwarves appear to walk from the rock and walk down the switch back stairs running close to the cavern wall.

The talk stops and a line of ten dwarves run down the switch backs.

Spear stands and walks the stairs.

,,Spear," whispers Minst.

Spear looks at Minst and covers mouth. He points to William and Myst then Jan. He walks down the stairs to Kirra and kneel by her.

,,How many," says Kirra.

,,Ten," says Spear. "Down the steps running against the wall. They appear to come from the wall."

,,Did they see?" says Kirra.

,,No," Spear smiles. "Covered in snow."

Kirra stands and brushes off snow. ,,Stair top. Hide on the trail. Watch."

,,Yes."

They walk the steps along the wall brushing shoulders against and looking down the step.

Snow falls.

Minst its by Myst. Myst yawns and sits up resting back agains the wall. She stares through the snow flakes swirls and blows against her face.

,,Alarm," says Minst with a yawn. "My alarm was sounded."

William stands on the ledge near Jan. He looks back to his armor while rubbing hands over arms then folds arms close.

Jan looks up and sits on ledge. She pulls robe tight over body bundling all but her face. She stars to the stairs below.

The dark shapes appear to glide over the snow covered steps being seen only when the run from the edge of the rock wall, across a platform to the next set of switch back stairs going down until the shapes blend with the darkness and descend below the tree line.

A cold wind blows.

Spear and Kirra stand by Spear and Jan.

,,Dwarves," says Spear.

Minst and Myst stand and walk to stand by William and Jan.

,,Where did the come from?" says Minst.

,,The moutain," says Spear.

,,Shall we follow them?" says William.

,,No." Kirra pulls an arrown from quiver and steps from the ledge. "We need to ready for return."

William nods and stares at the trees.

Spear steps and grabs William's should. ,,We best step away. Have one watch."

Myst walks from the cold and steps into here sphere of warm. She yawns and stares into the darkness and closes her eyes.

They wait and listen through the blowing wind whistling along the rock wall. Kirra and Spear lay on stomachs and peer through the trees seeing only snow topped trees and swirls of snow. Jan lays along the edge letting a force of energy build and turn and twist. William stands against the rock wall, away from the stairs, out of line of sight from the platform below holding sword while starring toward the stairs. Minst sits on the ground in Mysts Heat Sphere with three componenet bags gripped in hand. Myst sleeps.

A scream is. A scream echos.

Myst wakes. She stands. William puts arm before her, and she she pushes it aside and kneels and crawls to the ledge.

Minst stands by William. His foot taps and he begin to focus upon the image of fire and the feeling of heat.

A small spot of fire appears through the trees. Men and woman shout. A bright light illuminates from the trees shining through the snow.

William walks to the edge. ,,I'm going down."

Spear clasps on William's ankle, looks up.

A single loud deep voice shouts surface talk like commands.

,,Sit," says Kirra. "Watch."

,,Myst," says William. "They need help," says will hushed done barely above the sound of blow wind.

Myst snaps had back and peers at William. He feeling her stare and seeing it though the night covers.

,,You've changed," says William.

Spear squeeze William's ankle, then rolls to a stand, and pulls William back. He and William walk to the wall. ,,William, please calm. We stay. We don't."

,,Spear. They could," says William.

,,We know not."

A bright arrow object shoot through the trees and into the sky and explodes. The illuminations spreads from the trees to the rock wall and washes over the group like the rising sun.

William and Spear drop. Minst sits. Kirra, Jan and Minst duck heads away from ledge.

,,Againsts wall. Away from stairs," says Kirra crawling through the thin film of snow.

The light spreads then contracts and darkness returns. The shouting stops. The small campfire not longer castes its small light through the trees.

Kirra and Jan crawl on stomach to the top of the stairs and peer down through the snow flakes.

William lifts chest to stand, but Spear grabs him and pulls him down. ,,Time to watch and wait."

Minst stays, ,,I can caste-"

,,Quiet," says Kirra before Minst finishes sentence.

William stares at Spear. He crawls away from the stairs and agains the wall then sits and stares across the vally and throught the snow to the otherside.

It snows. The wind blows. Swirls of snow hit faces and hands spread cold and wet overhands, faces and into the thick hid covering bodies. It piles around Jan, Kirra and Spear as the stare along the stairs to the platform far below.

Myst begins a song on mind sheet with the beat of drum set to the pace of a run with jumps between the strides. The song then sings with an alto voice. Myst smiles and she sits with back pressed upon the cold stone. She feels not the cold and the weit of the snow flurries.

The song takes pace with strings of lute as Minst sits and spins three component bags thinking of heat in the form of shape and symbols stretching and forming in the snow flakes blowing.

The snow stops. The wind slows. The whistle blow quiets to a whisper.

Then Kirra, Jan and Spear hear the crunch of snow.

Kirra holds up a fist, then opens hand, closes hand then open it again.

Jan and Spear nod.

Ten silhouettes as tall as Jan run from the stairs the turn right running across the switchback platform and into the wall.

William crawls on chest to the edge of the stairs by Spear. ,,I heard that," he whispers.

Spear nods.

They lay and watch letting the cold and wet seep through the hide and spread over chests. Their stares upon the platform.

Spear tries to hold back but a yawn bilds in body then mind and it is release with a silent open and intake. His eyes drop with Williams.

Kirra taps on Spear's shoulder and points at Myst and Minst, who lay on the dry warm stone surround Myst sleeping.

Spear nods, pulls on the shoulder of Williams hide coat and crawls on stomach to the far end of Mysts Warm Sphere.

William follow pulling body along the snow path created by Spear. He looks at Spear and Minst. His mind focus upon Spear hear rest by Myst's feet. A spike of rage hits mind and drives through heart and sinks stomach. The rage hones sight and spread to his hand in his guantlet as William clenches a fist.

The edge of the warmth sphere ease the rage in body to soft anger.

William crawls and sits by Spear. They watch Jan crawl on hands and needs to the ledge overlooking the canyon and Kirra remian watching over the stairs.

KIrra pulls up arrow and notches an arrow as her focus never leaves the slope of the stairs. She looks at Jan the the stairs and stares with a deep though focused upon her bow and arrow.

The snow flakes fall slows and thins to a few flakes falling here and there.

,,Snow," says William barely above a whisper. "I was hoping to find the small shield before the snow. The riches. The glory..." His voice trail as his dry lips shut.

,,Hope," says Spear. His deep voice low enough to feel to vibrate the mountain though it be near teh volume of a shallow breath. Spear smiles. "There is no hope. There is the now." Spear leans head and guids mouth closer to William. "Riches. They will be. Glory. If glory you seek then our fate beyond now is grand or the end."

Quiet settles.

William's eyes flutter then close shut. His mind begin to wander. Then a flowing through flashes in mind then expands and pushes eyes open and mouth talking with a whisper. ,,We should have tried to help the screams."

Spear, head bobbing and mind subdued with the breeze and the fall of the snow, says, ,,Save who?"

,,The people, the humans," says Williams. "And if those be dwarves you seen coming and going from the mountian itself then we should have found what their reason for attacking." His finishe word are a calm talk.

Jan and Kirra look back.

Through the darkness, and blind by the dim of night, William sees the peer of Kirra.

Spear says in a whisper near silence. ,,Be it human or dwarf we are observers. Tomorrow." He looks at William. "Tomorrow we will travel. We will know. Then we decide who needs help."

,,If there be any left to help," says William.

,,I feel there will be," says Spear.

Wiliam smiles and nearly laughs holding back the joyous expression and releasing it from mouth. ,,Feel," he says with a louder than whisper words. He then lower voice. "Feel. You sound like Myst and her feelings."

,,I do," says Spear. "It may be the were. It may be the time with a pack. It is something. But I feel."

William nods, feigns a yawn and lays head back against the rock wall.

The snowing stops.

Spear and William sleep.

Kirra and Jan remian near motionless peer and watching for movement, listening to sounds, feeling the cold and the wind and smelling the faint smell of campfire smoke.

They watch and stare and hear only William fall to the side. And Spear let a moan push from lips.

Spear dreams. A dream of him running as rat through the trees and over snow to a river edge. The two rats behind stop after he stops. They stand on hind legs at attention. Spear then feels the fright and horror and see a black dragon swoop from above diving with mouth wide and acidspraying down. Spear feels no fear as his energy focuses then spreads. Trees and vines twist and rise over the trio of rats. The acid sprays and drips away. Then a dragons claw cuts through the limbs and vines slamming Spear's body.

Spear lets out a moan.

The dream fades with the dark as the sun rays touch the horizon.
