Sun shines bright blue sky.

The blue sky spans to the horizon of tan sand.

Tan sand with brushes of white flows float to all horizons.

John the of Goblinkin leads the solders who lead Kirra, William, Myst, Guile, Minst, Spear.

Senator Ring steps las from the hold rising to the flat desert land.

Kirra leads William then Myst then Guile then Minst then Spear into the sun shine and blue sky and wind.

Wind blows and gust. Sand and frost sting face.

White sheet cloths blow and flap and snap in wind.

Kirra feels the concrete become hard salt sand. 

William looks around the hoizon and pulls on bag around gauntlet. 

Myst hears the wind and sees a blue over tans as the wind blows and sprays sounds to see the land and sky.

Guile limps with slight piece of ankle pain as his mind blows with the whistles and blows his slow mind away, away, until Guile trips and stumbles.

Minst feel the heat of sun with the freeze of wind as the blows and blows and blows. The hood over Minst's face blows off head. He bumps Guile.

Spear sees on the light as it reflects off of sand covered concrete spread from the dark hole over the sands.

All feel the sand and snow dust gust.

All walk apart with soldiers over sand as the sun slowly moves toward the horizon of the set.

All see the shadows of the bars.

The bars create square cages. The cages span over the flat desert ground all around to the Rise horizon to the Wane and Wax.

Sihloues sit and stand with the bars and in the cages. 

To the cages, they walk and walk.

Cages twice as tall as Spear and three leaps wide and long. A space four leaps wide span between the cages as the cages lay in a grid over the ground.

Snow dust and sand blow over sand and snow dust. It piles against the bars and the sihlouttes.

The sihouettes become people.

People clothed in white robes and white cloths sit, stand, lay on sand and snow dust.

Pans and pots and wet spots  spread over the desert floors of cages. Rocks and metal bars are stacked at walls of bars.

A person lays on back and lifts rockes while another stares at the bar. Two more peopl ein cages click and clack and snop.

Humans, dwarves, elves, hobgoblins, hugoblins, gnomses and a haflings spread through fast cages over the desert floor like the cages hanging over the dwarven city in the were vein.

Guile says, ,,Like the jail of the Rose Quarter.''The wind blows away the words.

Guile peers at the bars.

The bar base slide into sand and rise to the top and bend like one. the bars as thicks as Guiles'e ankle cross over the top and bend into the ground creating four walls. 

Bars bend and slide into the sand fo the desert. 

John of the Goblinkins strikes Jeweled Dagger blade on bar near Guile.

The sound rings solid and hollow.

,,Step in shit and slow,'' says John of the Goblin kin.

A soldiers shovers Guile, and Guile's body wobbles and steps. 

,,WHERE ARE YOU TAKING US?'' hollers Willaim as loud as wind gust.

The wind gusts replay with more wind blowing and whistling past.

The soldiers and process walk between cages and people.

A few people stare and reach. 

A few people lay dead with sand and snow dustpile against bodies by blowing wind.

Wind blows over rocks, between bars and around the soldiers, Kirra, William, Myst, Guile, Minst and Spear.They walk between cages then stops as if a wind gust told all to stop.

Senator Ring walks between soldiers and by Spear and Minst and Guile. ,,This will be your home for many rises of the sun.'' He looks around at the pack as the pack stands.

Willilam tries to focus to punch, but hunger pains and a light heat floats Williams' hands to sides.

Kirra only stares.

And Myst looks at the sun as the voice of Senator Ring talks to all.

Senator Ring says and sooths the wind to feel to calm. ,,A cage is you new home while you learned to live in the elements and soul of this desert. It is where you will train for the fights to come. And if you leave. If you live, you will have a chance to become heroes in the domes or the pits. And...'' Senator Ring looks around, ''And if you live then you go free or remain to fight for your life, but to begin...'' He looks at Spear. ''To begin you will live here.'' He spreads arms and laughs low like a drum. 

Soldiers  cage door opens, and a soldier holds.

Sentor Ring steps to a cage and steps in side.

The soldiers watch the all watch Senator Ring kick around dust. ''The rocks and bars will be what you fight with when the cage is open. They will be you weapons and tols to gain staight.'' He looks at Minst. ''For the spell casters they will be the ojbects to control.''

He sets gaze upon Guile. ,,And for those like you, Guile, that can read a beings mind try moving stone and steel bars for it will help you in battle.''

The wind gusts, and cloths flap and snap.

Senator Ring kicks an empty plate. ''Food and water will be given twice during the rotation.'' He steps from the cage. 

,,How long?'' says Guile.

Senator Ring steps away. His honey voice sooths through all the minds, >When you are ready for the race or dead?<

,,Why?'' says Minst. 

>|Why,< sees Senator Rings to their minds. >To help you live.<

,,To help Carlos,'' says Minst.

Senator walks away alone from the soldiers and prisoners between cages and sees to minds surface talk words like slow warm wave of honey. >Carlos the Barded Dwarf was your master.''

William shouts, ,,IF HARM COMES TO MY FAMILIES ARMOR-''

,,YOUR FAMILY STOLE THE ARMOR FROM THE BLACK DRAGON,'' shouts Senator Ring.

William thinks, <Liar.>

Senator Ring's smooth voice sooths in all minds. >No, William. I speak the truth.< The honey voice spreads a slow dread of the reality as Senator Ring'
s sees and feels to calm the thrashing wind. >|The armor was stolen from her magisty by Carlos the Barded Dwarf.< 

William's fists open.

,,WHERE ARE WE!'' shouts Myst.

Senator Ring walk away.

John of the Goblinkin points tip of Jeweled Dagger to ground and says, . ,,Mid Valley.''






