Kirra leads the pack from the camp and from the mob as stone's thow away.

The mob run toward the camp of Reighn.

,,Play the drums,'' says Shake.

Myst slaps, hits, pounds drum. She pounds the run.

The run bounces snott from Guile's lungs.

Guile coughs.

Spear grabs the large body coat from Shake before Guile grabs with shivering hand. Spear pulls the coat over shoulders and arms and  body. His body feels no cold. It feels only heat as the feet walk by a woman carrying a bucket.

Kirra steps near another camp with wooden house wagons and large tents.

Kirra and Spear see...

The mob run around and through two camps toward the camp of Rieghn and at  Rex.

People of the camp stare at the mob and they watch the pack leave and see for the sounds of Myst's drum.

William leads Shake, Guile, Jan and Myst run past Kirra and Spear with the drums.

Kirra walks and stand and notches arrow.

Spear walks with men and women carrying buckets toward the camp. The tight motly weave of coths like Spear's body coat.

A woman carrying bucket looks at Spear.

Spear looks at her then nods Rise. Spear lets her see the hammar

They glance Rise. They see...

One of Laddin's friends stand with her arm folded over chest with eyes peering into Rex. Her thick brainds hang like nooses. She holds a knife and has daggers on braciers.

Spear puts sits and watches one of the two friends of Laddin talk with Rex.

Rex strums guitar and chats.

Spear walks into camp and to pile of chopped root.

Kirra peers an aim around Spear and at the Laddin's friend the talks with the camp.

The mob is lead by the other Laddin's friend toward the drums and the coughs of Guile.

Guile coughs and coughs and coughs and pulls the wool sheet tight and slows stumbling run.

Jan puts hand into pounch and pulls out mint leaves and says, ,,Chew, Guile,'' while shoving them in Guile's mouth

Guile chews and the mint sooth the through. It cools the cold.

And Myst's drum sound cracks the cold. The drums lead William to guide. 

The pack runs through maze of tall and short, small and large tents, wagons, pavillions, camps. 

People walking wood and buckets stop in the slop and muck to run along the trail between the camps. The people took to a mop of people running through camps.

The mop rush after Laddin'es friend leading with morning star handle and chain in one hand and a shield as large as Spear's chest in the other hand. 

The friend of Laddin's leading the mob pushes aside people letting shout and grunts guide people away while eyes lead toward the sounds of the drums and coughing.

Only a few people stand by Laddin's other friend. 

Laddin's other friend stands and talks to Rex as Spear watches. 

Loud coughs of Guile inhale the mind and caste a sound around. 

The six people before Rex looks toward the cough. Four steps and look at Rex then run to follow the mob.

Laddin's other friends stands before Rex stoic as a statue. She glances at Spear, nods to Rex adn runs toward teh mob. 

Spear follows.

Spear runs past Kirra.  And Kirra runs with Spear. The run after the pack of eight chasing the mob.

The gang of eight follow mob, and the mob chases crazy through the camps and fields. Pots and pans are tosses. People are pushed. Faces are punched. Ropes of tents are cuts. Stakes are pulled. Buckets of water and tipped and smashes. Piles of blankets are kicked and trampled into mud. Campfires are smuthered and spread. Torches touch cloth and straw piles. Fires spread. A smoke trail follows the thump of drum.

The thump of Myst's drum plays steady with countless steps and pauses spreading the feeling of the chase from the pack.

The pack runs around camps and fields. They look back and try to ducks and crouch under short tents and wagons.

They run by people and step from people's path. Guile hits a man, and the man drops wood and stumbles. Shake feels the speed of the buzz and follows the feeling to catch the wood falling, the fall falling and right them both as he runs with Myst.

In Myst the song of Reighn does sing and creates a path through the drum for their run, but then an internal note strikes agains the drum tap, and her hand stops the drum talk and silences spreads over the sounds of boots slopping muck.

The sounds of shouts of words and rage fill the void of loud noise. ,,LEAVE!,'' ,,VAGRANT!'' ,,LEECHE!'' ,,RODENT!'' ,,TRASH!'' ,,FOREIGNER!'' ,,THEIF,'' are shouted from the mob as the mob moves.

The people of the camps stare, pickup blanket, stack pots, clean blankets, lower clubs and staffs, knives and pitch forks and sickles. The sounds of coughing, crying and shouting slowly surface to the realm of hearing after the mob. 

Kirra and Spear hear nothing and follow the path of chaos left in wake of mob. They see...

The gang of eight knock a man down who raises fist in protest to the mob's destruction of a chicken coup. The gang grabs the chicken flapping wings around and breaks its neck and throws dead chicken flapping wings at the face of a mother nursing child.

Kirra pulls notches arrow and pulls back bow while running a straight bath between two large camps of pavillions.

Spear hollers, ,,KIRRA,'' and runs true rise while the gang of eight, the mob and the pack run RiseWax. Kirra and Spear run Rise.

The pack runs RiseWas through the camps with only their boot mud slop and Guiles mouth breathing leaving a sonus trail.

The mint in Guile's mouth cool and calm his cough and open his lungs.

Guile's fat stomach bounces with step. It pushes and pokes at the wool sheet wrapping it in. Guile's mind tries to find calm and balance, but finds chaos and a bouncing word. Mind sends an echos shout, and the shout only echoes a return of Shake's speed mind and body.

Shake feels the Branching Armor slide and pull and tighten around body and the world speeds past. In less time that to inhale exhale, Shake pull pack on back, tears strap, ties strap then puts pack on back with ties strap all while running and seeing and looking from Guile, to William, to Minst, to Myst, to Jan, to the mob and at the people surrounding.

William sees the twitch Sbake and feels a ping of pain that is left in step as the pack runs through the people. He searches over the camps and the fields to see a path free of the people.

The people and the camps spread through fields. A line of trees is nearly further than the human eye can sees along the flat plain of camp people and a few dead trees still sticking from ground.

William looks behind and sees the mob further than a stone's throw. Then he runs and leads the pack Rise.

Minst follows William's Rise path. He slips sling bullets into a tight colum pocket in belt. He stumbles over a pot breaking it. Then stumbles to a run while looking behind to try to bow head to show sorrow as he wraps sling around belt and follows William popping components from belt.

Myst leaps over the pot broken by Minst. She resists a feeling of like an itch to hit the drum top for the scratch. The itch spreads with the tempoed song in Myst's mind that is lead with the beat of her heart. The pounds hits the ground with her feet as muck, mud and piss splat and spray. She leaps over stump and runs and runs and runs Rise toward the trees.

Jan sees the trees and follows William. He hold staff like a jousting stick as she runs and leaps through the fields. She smell rot, decay and death. She tastes the fire smoke of fat and wet root wood. 

The pack leaps over a ditch. 

People kneel along the ditch and hit rocks and stick against muddy ice along the bottom of ditch. The dirt stained ice chunks are pilled into buckets.

Guile slows steps and steps into ditch then reaches and steps slow to other side knockcing over bucket. 

A rock bullet hits near his hands and knocks over a bucket.

An arrow sticks into the ground.

Minst leaps the ditch and grabs Guile's hand, pulls. 

Guile kicks to ditch top. 

They run.

Another arrow hits the ditch top and the pack runs through field and camp.

The mob spreads. The mob runs Wax, RiseWax and Rise. The mob runs through camps and along the river banks. The mob stops to kick down tents, burn sword, slap people, kill animals and shout and spit on camps and people. The mob settles.

The friend of Ladden leads a small mob still running Rise after the pack. The friend of Laddin leaps over the ditch and near the back of Minst. Thirteen people foller leap.

The other friend of Ladden wearing cloths and armor and weapons like her twin sister runs RiseWax after the pack. They don't look back and see Kirra and Spear.

Kirra and Spear run fast through the fields. The follow a path of low tents and high ground to find the path of the pack.     

People watch as Kirra and Spar pack, but leave not time for attention for Spaer and Kirra leave in a flash. 

They run with the pack through the fields and being to shift direction Wax to mee at some point with the pack.    

The pack runs and hears the thunk of arrows and thud of sling bullets.

The pack runs. All beats of music, thoughts of meaning, mentals shouts, feelings of energies of life are pounded out running. The pack runs over mud trails, between tents, fires, people, blankes, trees stumps, shit holes, piles of carcases, a stack of dead bodies burning through the fields.

Arrows and sling bullets tbunk and thud into wood and ground and rock. 

A scream and shouts are heard behind. 

The pack runs the plains near parrallel with Spear and Kirra.

Then Minst finds the mind and the pase to see the shapes and lines to create a relief of lines flying to the gray clouds gathering above.

Minst flies. He sees the span of the plains and sees an arrow flight fast toward him. He dives and twists away leading a path East. Minst sees...

Spear and Kirra run near the pack.

The mob way back in groups and pairs harrasing the people.

The friends of Laddin run with people near the backs of the pack.

The pack runs and runs and runs...

A being runing RiseWane strikes beyond the speed of all moving along the ground. 
 
Minst peers, but doesn't see, so he leans mind and body and leads with right arm to flight in an arch up and over toward the being. Then Minst sees and says to self. ,,Guide.''

Guide runs with great strides through the field. His black clad body runs through camps and over paths and ditches. He tips no twig, cub, person or cages.

People appear to not notice Guide stride by.

Guide runs near William and the pack.

William and the pack hear and see an arrow hit a stump between William and Myst.

William and Myst stare back at the arrow then the mini mob behine. They see...

Laddin's friends meet as one with eight runs through camp knocking tent and cage pile to ground.

Kirra andn Spear leap over stumps and a kneeling woman between the thin spans between tents of a trail over a ditch. 

Kirra leads the run to the ditch banks that rise above the ground and low tents. Spear follows Kirra to the ditch top. 

Kirra pulls bow string and holds notched arrow, looks back and aims...

The arrow flies between tents and hits one of the mini mob.

Spear pulls and pushes of the body coat that hangs on shoulders and grabs the hood and lets the coat drag through mud as he grips and raises his hammer.

Jan hears Kirra's arrow during flight and hears the arrow thump into one of the mini mob. She feels Kirra, and the feel gives Jan an extra step in her burning stride.

The pack's lungs burn with cold and for air. Sweat beads. Guile's side cramps and stomach flaps. 

Guile's steps lows. 

The speed Shake slows and grabs and says loud, ,,RUN.''

,,THERE,'' says William between breaths. The armor over shoulders causes strain to a run's balance. ''THE TREES.''

The trees lay over plains three long field before. Trees rise from the ground around the ditches. 

The pack jumps over a ditch.

Guile leaps and land with a stumble to step then a run. His ankle pokes pain with stride. He coughs. His ankle stabs pain. He falls. 

Mud spreads over his face, spreads into his face. 

He coughs and coughs and coughs. 

Shake stops, pulls dagger and runs to grab Guile, but grabs the wool sheet and pulls and falls in the mud. 

William runs with Myst peering forward.

An arrow hits William's armor. 

William looks back and sees Shake a distance away. He slows and stands and breaths and heaves. Salive and snot drip. He grabs swords. 

Myst sees William stops and looks back.

The mini mob run near the ditch wher Guile lays. 

Shake ducks a behind the ditch bank as a spear is thrown and cross blow bolt shoot above. 

Above Minst sees the merging pack and Guile having fallne on back. He dives, slides bullet into sling and swing sling and fires.

The bullet hits near the feet of Laddin's friend and sinks in mud.

Spear and Kirra see the fall of Guile and continue their run toward Jan.

Jan runs with Myst until she hears Minst shout from above.

,,RUN SHAKE,'' screams Minst. Minst dives. He wobbles as the ground rushes to meet. He pulls his feet to fly forward. His body slows. Feet hit ground. He stumbles and falls at the feet of Shake.

Shake watch the mini mob says, ,,Now what?'' He breath barely deep. His sweat barely beading.

Guile coughs and coughs and coughs. He kneels to knees and tries to stand. His ankle pumps pain.

Shake pulls him down below the the ditch bank.

Around people in the camps stop their stare at other affairs and look at the trio then look at Spear roaring and toward the mini mob.

The mini mob falls in line and creates wordless shouts. 

Minst stands to a stumble. He grabs Guile. He sees the relief draw the lines to flight then they fly. Guile and Minst launch to the sky.

Shake and Spear watch as Spear comes to Stop. Then both stare at the mini-mob near. And without fear, both step and run toward the body of the pack. 

William, Myst and Jan slow to a jog waiting for Spear and Shake to join. 

William counts the mini mob to count of more than twenty.

Myst clasps her star of Reighn and begins to talk in mind. She talks in tones of notes. She says a pray in mummbles. ,,Where do we go?''

Jan hears Myst's words, but watches only Kirra run near her.

Kirra and Jan glance and see the other.

The Kirra notches arrow and sees behind.

Trees grow near corners of field. Burn stumps blacken piles of rubbish fuming rot. 

Puddles of piss splash upon people walk past. 

The People cough and slowly lift heads to see the Pack run past. They pale flesh and gangly stare castes on the peoples faces like newly damned zombies. 

The people gaze at Minst and Guile flying through the hair. 

The flight path of Minst at an angle to the gound near the trees two fields from the running pack. 

They hear some where a horse whinny then bluster.

Then an arrow flies from back to front and to the gray clouds covering the sky to the horizon. 

Another arrow hits William's armor and breaks.

A sling bullet hits Myst's arm causing a sting and making a sonic ping during the song talk with Reighn. 

Myst's mumbles from mouth now create a slow rumble in mind to find a path. Myst's sees all area in mind while the song inside guides her after Spear. 

The song shows Myst the mini-mob.

The run in a large narrow row three wide. The hold swords and daggers. The two infront pull back crosscrow strings and notch a bolt while running. The twins, the friends of Laddin launch there bolts.

The bolts fly. 

Myst says loud, ,,BOLTS.'' She runs from natural path and leaps over a stump. The seeing all around song sings the last note as she hits the ground after jump. She sees a glimpse of Guide running through camps with little path or sound or bother.

Guide sees Spear and leaps over a tent then lands...

Spear feels guide then sees guide. 

Minst and Guile above watch Guide run near Spear. ,,GUIDE,'' hollers Minst.

Spear, Jan, Kirra, Shake and William hear Minst's holler, ,,GUIDE,'' and Myst's loud talk, ,,BOLT.''

William looks at Guide who runs along his Wax side. 

Kirra and Shake follow Myst.

Guide see both bolts fly at Spear and leaps. He grabs one bolt from the air then tumbles over mud trail to a stand then a run.

One bolt hits Spear's back. Bolt tip doesn't break Blue's armor. The bolt's preasure hits Spear's spine. 

A shot of pain jolt's Spear's body to shock it still.

Spear's arms and legs shoot forward. Feet hit ground then legs bend and reach to pull and push to a run. 

The pack runs and flies.

Some where a horse whinnies.

The stone fence of a yard and stone base of a house create walls for leantos.

Mud puddles and pools and splats. The mud become mire that causes a slow slop.

Camps spread and span to small spots over marsh and trees.

Trees grow along the edge of fields.

The pack runs into forest and mash. Steps sink, and bodies pull feet from muck and mire. The trees skinny trunks reach three times the height of Minst with tops like lolly pops spread from the pine and the oaks rooted deeps in muck.

Minst and Guile fly over the like Minst is standing over the tops of trees. Then branches hit face.

Guide squirms, pushes and plop into muck. 

Minst steps and looks behind...

The pack's run more of a jog as they pull and push legs. 

The mini-mob becomes a group of seventeen as a few stop to breath, pry boot from muck or stop to stare. 

The two friends of Laddin run behind. Each finds patches of dead weeds, exposed root and ice. They run their hop.  

A horse whiney and bluster is heard through the trees. 

The trees span thin and space into a brown and gray land with patches of white snow. The tree roots twist and wind from and to and through the ground. The roots wrap around thick dead blades of weeds longer than legs. They poke from puddles of ice. The trees trunks span wide, but deeps so one can not seek to see the end of the forest.

The pack runs as chased toward Minst and Guile.

,,Can you walk?'' says Minst.

,,No,'' says Guile. He sits on the ground. Leg throb and pumps. ''Ankle hurts.'' He sits and watches the pack run. ''There's only seventeen.''

Minst unfastens then unscrews shell around knife scabbard pulling Chain Lighting scroll from roll then letting the shell twist and roll and fasten to knife scabbard. 

Guile and Minst watch the pack and the group behind.

The pack finds footing on frozed bits of land through the marsh. 

William says loud with breath deep, but not heavy. ,,We stand and fight now the people are clear.'' His breath puffs and huffs around face. 

Spear glances at Guide then back. ,,We fight.'' He loops hammar then slides bastard sword from sheath on back and slows jog to a stride.

,,Dry land, a mound,'' say Kirra. Kirra points with bow tip to a slope rising to a mound. 

The mound rises to a clearing covered by thin snow. 

,,They chase for a reason, they chase for revenge,'' says Myst.

,,We should honor them with our stand not our running,'' says William as he trips over a root, stumbles then slows with foot stuck in muck. He pulls leg and foot and walks.

Shake slows and looks at Guile. He hold knife and walks with William. ,,Kill them?''

,,Who are these people, Shake,'' says Myst. ''Why are they chasing us now? Why do they think we killed their friend.''

Two bolts fly through air. 

Guide reaches and grabs one. Another flies at Guile then into the mir.

Guile watch the bolt sink. He sees the pack running to the mound Wax of where he lay. ,,Can you fly us to the mound?''

,,No. Too heavy,'' says Minst. ''Not enough.''

Guile looks at Minst sweat beaded face, ,,Please try.'' He watches the group. He smells garlic and sage from Minst's sweat.

The twin woman load cross bows with bolts. 

''I can write to your mind the lie that I am lighter,'' says Guile.

,,How can I believe it a lie if you have told me?'' says Minst.

Guile hears the talk of Minst repeat, repeat, repeat, while he resees Minst's hand slide between folds of elven chain mail to touch the spine of spell book. Minst's hand slides between folds of elven chain mail. Minst's hand slides between folds of elven chain mail. Guile feels Minst's arms and write to Minst's mind the feeling of a feather lifted.

Minst left Guile, ,,You're not that heavy,'' says Myst as he lifts the two from the ground.

The magic relief line and frames shapes begin to fade from Minst's site.

Guile feels the weight and force of self pressing and feels the magic through mind of Minst.

,,Minst,'' says Myst.

Willaim looks to side. 

Spear turn and walks backward up dirt and dead grass mound. 

The ground is firm and the dead grass a finger's width to dirt.

Spear says, ,,The ground is rough and the size of the enemy is even.''

,,We need not fight,'' says Myst. 

,,We need not flee,'' says William. 

Kirra pulls bow and arrow and holds point at a head of the friends of Laddin aiming bolts at Myst. She says loud. ,,Fire the bolt and arrow will be in head.'' 

Group of dirty grimy skinny slumpy men slop, plop, trip through mud and mire between the sticks of tree trucks adn the cicle branch top. They slow their step to a stop and stare.

The two friends of Laddin with thick braided hair, black leather studded armor and crows bows aim and watch Minst and Guile hover through the trees to the pack to complete and be near Spear. 

William pulls long sword from sheath and fists guantlet. ,,Why do you spread hate and the mop through these people to chase us for justice? And what be this justice?''

One says, ,,I am Jana. We are sisters of Ladding.'' Jana hold bolt at Kirra.

Kirra hold her bow and aims arrow at the hip of Jana's sister.

The mire settles. Not a suck of slop is heard. 

Gray clouds spear right and wrong.

The cold feels to freeze.

Minst and Guile lands. Minst puts Guile to ground. 

Spear tosses coat to Guile. 

Guile hobbles over to the coat. The squish of dead grass against mud is heard and listened to by all.

,,Why did you bring a mob to do your justice?'' says Shake.

William looks at Shake. Then the at Jana. He says, ,,An answer to my friends question will abide my sword.''

,,Our friends,'' says Jana.

,,We told them not to come,'' Jana's sister.

,,So these are the loyal friends,'' smiles Shake. He flips knife and grabs tip. Then he flips knife and grabs hilt

Jana's sister points bolt of crossbow at Guile. ,,Your tubby friend killed Laden.''

,,By what proff do you make your accusations?'' says William. He sword hand lowers blade what his guantlet clenches.

Jana says, ,,The knife is missing from the chest. Laddin was stabbed in the heart by a blade. There was not gold in the box where the dagger was missing. And the dagger he has is the only item missing.''

Jana's sister's eye focus and body steadies. ,,It killed Laddin.''

All watch the tips of bolt. 

Guiles heaving breathing is heard only be Spear. 

Spear says, ,,Under that coat,'' to Guile.

Kirra lets her body break and inhale. 

,,He can't have killed Laddin for Guile was guiding Jaxel to talk the actors and assisins and theives to leave and not burn down Coal's place.'' Shake steps from the mound and toward Jana. He guides pointed finger from his chest to Guile. ''We did that. I didn't control the body. I did direct and write the play, but Guile played the people from the ground then came inside and moved Jaxel's body. We worked on our plan all day while I wasn't telling tells.'' He steps and looks at Jana. ''Guile is good at what he does, but he had to practice all day to move Jaxel to look more like a zombie than like human.'' He flips knife from handle to tip.

,,And the knife?'' says Jana' sister.

,,We got it from an actor,'' says Shake. He feels Shake read and feel. He steps forward and flips knife from tip to catch handle. ''An actor that may be dead. An actor that was with the one whos stagged the play to kill Coal and other people. The leader who Spear with the big sword killed when he turned into a wererat. And the actor killed by William while Willliam...'' He pounds a fist on flat plam. ''Pounds the skull in of the actor.'' He points to self. ''I nearly died. I couldn't move from the being that controlled me. That's the killer. And I think we killed it.'' He flips knift from handle and catchs blade tip with finger. ''The being controll Jaxel and his friend Lem is gone.'' He widens eyes staring at Jana. ''I doubt it. It was a being of Branching. I don't know how Branch desides to kill one of it. I don't know if it was working for Branching. I do know it probably stole Guile's heart dagger to try and control him with it.'' Shake flips knife and catches handle. He points blade tip to head. ''Help get in the mind of the only one that could stop it from destroying Coal's then controlling and looting the town.''

Tension as taut and Kirra's pulled bow string strum the still.

,,Let the acused speak,'' says Jana's and Laddin's sister.

,,Please give Guile you name, so he may know who he speaks,'' says William. ''If Guile wish to speak.''

Guile hoples on leg. He coughs and puts thick coat around body and feels the chill the shake slow. He coughs in fits and coughs and coughs and coughs.,,It is a Shake says. It could the being of Branching may have feared me and Shake. I don't know if the being was of Branching. The suit is.'' He looks back at Shake. ''The suit could be dangerous.'' 

Shake looks at Gulie.

Guile says, ,,It could be used to control you.''

They stare. 

Guile looks at Jana. ,,I would had been its puppet if we met next.'' He coughs and covers mouth.

The all stare.

The seventeen men standing in water look from the pack the Jana and her sister.

Jana lowers crossbow.

,,He's not tell the truth,'' says Jana's sister.

Willam says loud, ,,What proof have you?'' He looks to the men standing in much and mire.

,,A feeling,'' says Jana's and Laddin's sister. ''I have a feeling he lies.''

,,A feeling withouth proof is nothing more than a feeeling.'' Willam lowers sword and steps from the mound to the mire. ''There is no justice to find and gain here.''

Kirra hold taut bow string and arrow aim

A few of the men begin to shiver. The glance through the bare branches and trees.

A horse whinnie breaks stares.

,,Kicker,'' says Shake.

,,Kicker?'' says Minst.

Jana's sister lowers her crossbow and stares at Guile. ,,I hope the goblins peel you flesh while you feel.'' She steps and slops and plops. 

Jana says, ,,Leave Lyno. Leave this place by sun rise tomorrow.''

One by one the seventeen pale warriors leave their stance and follow Laddin's sisters.

Kirra slowly eases pull on bow string. Then the arrow lowers. 

The pack watchs the warriors leaves.

The hear a few whinnies and a buster.

,,Kicker,'' says Shake.

,,Kicker?'' says MInst.

,,A horse we found.'' Shake looks at William. ''Kicker reminds me of Buckey. He knows things.''

William looks at Shake.

Shake winks and smiles.

William forces a smile.

Evern the song of Reighn tapping to being in Myst's mind plays a part of sorrow for the feeling of the loss of Bucky.

Hooves clomp from before the departing warriors.

Kicker appears behind the back. Kicker's white coat with deep brown spots with spots over eyes are clean down to the ankles. The ankles are covered with wet and dry mud. Kicker's hooves are solid with soft, worn edges. His body a mass of muscle and stand that of repose. 

Kicker blusters and billows of humid clouds furl and blow.

The brown tail hangs.

,,Beautiful,'' says William. He pauses for a stare. 

Kicker stares with William.

Myst looks at William. She smiles and says as songs playes stings in mind, ,,You have a new love.''

,,Don't even think it,'' says Shake with a grin. ''Kicker's mine.''

,,I feel kicker is too free a being to be anyone's,'' says William.

Shake looks at William then Kicker. ,,Right you may be.''

They all stand still and let thumping hearts beat, burning lungs cool and beads of sweat to freeze. 

A chill spreads and feels to freeze breath. 

The frozen grass crunchs, warms underfeet then freeze. 

The warroirs from town walk away looking at peering at the group. No stop not point at the group as the pulls, slip and suck from the muck, shit, piss and pile leaking from the ditches. 

Jana and her sister step, watch and roam the parameter of the pack as they walk the way back to the tents, the clans, the groups, the faiths and the people living over the fields.

A stench rise from the ground and spreads like a breeze, but no breeze blows. 

The warriors and sisters become sihlouettes then the sihlouettes walk to trees.

There are are a few chirps and a whistle then a croak of some frog.

Kicker blusters the silences away. 

,,Will they return,'' says Minst. He puts components in palm on the belt. He touches sling and bullet pouch.

,,I believe their word,'' say William.

,,I feel it true,'' say Spear.

,,More than the lie Shake told,'' says Myst.

Shake looks at William. ,,I don't trust them, but I trust you.'' He looks from William then steps toward Guide. ''He holds out arm. ''My name is Shake.''

Guide looks at Shake's arm. Guide says, ,,Blue calls me Guide. Spear calls me here.''

,,Spear,'' smiles Shake. He looks at Spear and grins. ''You and Blue of Blue's Canyon are, what, Shaman friends?''

Jan smiles at the thought then feels a flip of mind from hating Blue to seeing Blue from the Canyon to the Marsh all void of a being for the energy of all to be one.

Guide says, ,,Spear asked me in dream to guide them free of Blue as I was chosen by Blue to be Guide from canyon. Spear calls me now to deliver a message to Blue.''

,,I though Blue was a druid?'' says Shake.

Jan's smile speaks, ,,Of Blue's Canyon.'' 

,,And Spear is Shaman of Blue?'' says Shake.

Guide says, ,,Spear is a shaman of his people. The land gives to Spear. Spear is not the land.''

,,Mystics,'' syas Shake as he raises palms and swats palms and looks at Jan. ''When was the last time you smiled?''

Jan looks at Shake and winks at Shake.

Shake's grin becomes a smile.

,,DESSERT,'' says Myst loud. She opens woven wool sack given to her from Earlen. 

Balls of Reighn Bread Dessert stack on bag. 

Myst grabs a big ball of dough covered with flour and sugar. ,,A Reighn Bread Dessert.''

Shake looks at Myst. ,,May I have one?''

Myst give Shake a Reighn bread dessert.

Shake puts hand into bag and grabs one. Shake bites the bull of bread. Sweet honey and fig taste gives tongue a tingle, and the taste give the body a warm thrill. Shake says. ,,These would go good with wine.''




