A fire ball launches into the sky and explodes spreading hundreds of tiny light balls arching slow to the ground.

Light near day shines a wide, lake sized circle around the pack and rushing goblins.

Goblinkin looking more like human than goblin run over and around mounds striding and stepping and leaping with ease and grace.

Jan explodes her force and energy through the life and into the rat pack. Then sets the pack to attack the swing of swords.

A goblinkin roars as more run. Swords are pull from sheaths and knifes from belts. Bows are lifted and shot.

An arrow grazes Kirra shoulders as she drops and rolls while pulling and rolling knife from sheath.

Three goblinkin looking like humans step, stride and lead while two other pull knifes and throw. All run and step over mounds of junk and dead with feet finding solid footing over the surface. Three land and grabs. Two grabble Spear while the other kicks Kirra as she rolls to a stand.

Knifes are thrown by two of the now six. The sixth runs and falls in trash near Jan as it pulls rats from its body.

A seventh steps to a distant mound and begins waving arms and hands.

A knife cuts Shake's shoulder and lands by William.

William steps, sinks, sways and wades through trash and to balance. He pulls his sword from scabbard and falls to the ground then struggles to stand in the trash. 

The trash flies as Spear leaps and grabs a human like goblinkin. Spear thrusts his forehead at nose of goblinkin.

The goblinkin evades the strike and tosses Spear. Spear grabs and the fall to the ground. 

With speed the goblin twists hands and bends fingers to grib Spears as the fall.

Another goblinkin steps over the trash surface, spins from mound and from shadows. It tosses a knife, pulls out sword then slams Minst to the ground.

Minst falls near the stumbling William.

William falls to the ground. 

Shake steps for William while ducking as sword swipe from a third.

The third human looking goblinkin swipes at Shake then grabs Myst and pulls and throws her at Shake.

Myst tries to step back put remains stuck in the trash and dead. 

Guide leaps and tackles the goblinkin over Myst. Guide twists and wraps body around the goblinkin digging fingers into hits face finding sockets. They fall to ground with Guide. 

Two goblinkin that look like humans rush William on the ground. 

Spear crawls and leaps and takles one. 

A sword swings swift at William. 

William's guantlet rises and grabs teh sword blade. 

The other sword hits plate and skips to nick his face.

A crack snaps and Spear rolls and breaks a leg.

Minst tries to find a place for nibble fingers to pull the components form belts. And image of a sphere expanding appears for the small orbs falling from the sky. He uses elbows to crawl away on his back with eye peering and the goblinking standing on a distand mound. 

The goblinkin on the distand mound waves arms and tosses a power and an object.

The goblinkin with rats over body tries to step nimble up the mound to Jan, but falls with shouts and tossing rats. 

Kirra sees Jan and then the goblinkin fall. She glances then lances a strike from another human like goblinkin. She parries one two, the three strikes that flash quick  and fast. She stabs and punches missing the strikes and goblinkin rights its body to evade. 

Swords swing, and Myst tires to sing, but a foot kicks her in the stomach as a sword slash comes down upon her.

William blocks the sword while pulling the sword gripped in guauntlet. 

A goblinkin punches his face. 

William's guantlet swings and punches the guantlet. William roars.

The roar give a rush of rage as Spear catch the foot of a kicking goblin. He breaks a leg and rolls away as a sword tip nips his back.

A flash then a thunder clap is.

A bolt of lighting strikes William and shockes Myst and Guile and the goblinkin.

William flies and falls. His sword flies away and sinks into the trash.

Kicker feels a zap and kicks at a goblinkin.

The goblinkin spins and ducks from the kick and nicks with knife Kicker's hoove.

Guile falls losing a focus of the movement of the beings. His head hits and body settles on dead bodes.

Kicker stumbles and falls on Guile.

The goblinkin over Kicker climbs the mound to Jan.

Kirra parries and strikes at on goblinkin while spining and rolling over the grounding then to run up the mound to Jan.

Jan spreads her force and finds another pack for rats running for safety, but stalled and pulled to rush the nearing goblinkin.

The five goblinkin attacking the pack knock Guide to unconscoiusness; trade blades with Kirra; leap and swing and hit William's armor; stab Kicker; and grab Shake.

Shake shouts as he sees the knife cut Kicker and stab leg. He twists in goblinkin's clasp and bends, finges to grasp the goblin's hears with hands and throath with be at. He pulls and bites tasting a sting like acid as black blood drips over mouth.

Minst don't hear Kicker whinnies put see the goblin as he toses three crushed component packets to sky and turns and waves hands and fingers.

The sphere in mind appears before then shoots and grows to a fire ball the size of the head before it strikes the head of a goblinkin looking like the human.

The goblinkin's head explodes as it raise sword to cut the neck of Kicker.

Near Kicker, Spear and a goblin roll over the ground. He grabbing and twisting trying to grab hold of necks and faces. Spear's heat thumps and bangs. Blood rushies. Limbs expane and contract as the Rose Warrior Armor shifts and locks for Spear's hybrid wererat body. With fluid and no thought Spear finds the speed to find the neck of the goblin kin and bite.

Shake's bit ends and he is tossed to the ground and stomped then stapped. 

Shake doesn't feel the stab. He only feel the hate, rage. He reaches for William's sword hilt sticking from the ground.

The sword hilt is kicked into the ground as William reaches for hit. 

William's Blue's armor is scotched and burnt. His ribs ache. His breath lost.

The pack spans. Guide is knocked out. Guile is under kicker. Kicker is near dead. Jan is on the mound everywhere. Kirra fight one then two. Minst is on the ground, and she tries to sing and hum is kicked in stomach. William's body shocks and twitches from lighting bolt. Spear is a wererat hybrid biting the neck of a goblinkin that looks like a human. Shake is on the ground near two goblinkin.

A goblinkin stomps on William's head. A goblins kicks Myst's stomach and swings at Kirra a short sword. A goblins parries Kirra's sword and slices at her neck. A goblins climbs toward Jan. A goblins stands on mounds and shout and waves hands.

Hundreds of small balls of light fall slow to the ground. Rats scurry to swarm from on dead goblinkin to the goblinkin standing on mound.

Kicker whineys a wheeze and blusters a blow.

Shake swipes and slashes heel of goblins over William, rolls to a stand, steps, leaps and stabs dagger deep into the back of the human looking goblin in the back that walks up to Jan. He twists knife to hear spine pop. He feels the goblinkin's back of head slam his nose and face. He falls to the groud the mound to the feet of Kirra.

The backtabbed goblinking falls on Shake.

Kirra steps over Shake's head and hits the goblinkin's sword aside.

The goblin's sword hits the head of the dead goblin kin on Shake.

Kirra's knife is parries. Kirra and the goblins step from the dead goblinkin and Shake tradding swipes and strikes with flashes of shining silver clashing and clanking as both stare.

William kick's the knee of the goblins near with cut from Shake that swiped at Kirra and kicked Myst.

The goblin's leg buckles.

William swings with swords clenched in hand hitting its hilt agains the shoulder of the stumble goblinkin. He rolls to his knees and stands.

The goblinkin hit by William stumbles and falls over Myst.

Myst rolls and pulls her mace from loops and hook and swings the mace. The mace head hits the falling goblinkin's head. 

The goblinkin falls dead upon Kicker quivers.

The quivers press Guile into the dead bodies and trash. 

Vines spread and mold presses against Guile.

Guile inhales through his mustard and mint mask.

Fumes rot and piss gag.

Guile coughs and tries to dig into the trash.

Kicker wobbles and presss and tires to stand, but only rolls to the ground.

Above the gound and Kicker, the hundreds of balls of light float down near the ground. Shadows caste from the pack and the goblinkin pressing their attack.

Only two goblinkin stand.

The goblinkin on mound waving hands and chanting words and tones of surface talk claps hand. Then it disappears.

The lone remaining goblinkin swing two short swords at Kirra. It parries and knock's Kirra's short sword from hand and cuts Kirra's arm with right.

Kirra steps back and jumps back, spins from swipe, grabs her fallen sword that sticks from trash, the ducks a sword swipe while cutting the goblinkin's stomach with dagger all in on fluid movement that ends and she rolls to a stand way from the globlins lunges at Kirra.

Shake throws a dagger at the lone fighting goblin. The knife sinks into the goblinkin's back.

The golblinkin doesn't stop the attack on Kirra. It steps its big body over the thrash finding stumps, furniture junk and lumps of mold to dance toward Kirra's Ktance.

William reaches for his sword hilt in groun and pulls it free then he cuts the head free from the shoulders of the goblinkin near Myst and he.

Myst breathes. Then finds the wind and the cold and the feeze. She shivers away the cold and confusion with song. She raise her mace and feels the song embrache.

Sword clings and clanks and grunts and breaths from Kirra and the lone fighting goblinkin create the song of Reighn.

Kirra slices arms then has arm sliced.

William raises swords and walks to the goblinkin with rat bites.

Spear bites the neck of the goblinkin.

The goblinkin's body goes limb as it plunges and knife into Spear's side. 

Both roll near Minst. 

Minst crawls away and over Kicker's twitching legs.

Beneath Kicker, Guile gages and coughs. 

Shake hears the cough and lowers another dagger aimmed for the goblinkin's back pressing a spinning attack on Kirra. He jumps over Kicker and pulls at posts, shirts, robe, jar shards, shatter rock, rib cages, skin, jaw bones while saying fast and with a quivering lip. ,,I'm sorry, Kicker. I'm sorry, Kicker. I'm sorry, Kicker....''

Myst hears Shake's words that adds to the swords clashs beat.

A heat spands from Myst.

Minst feels the heat then help Shake dig for Guile.

,,William,'' says Shake between mumbling. ''Guile.''

William walks past Kicker and around the mound.

The hugoblin with fingers, ears chews crawls away from the pack. Blood flows over its shinning platemail and chainmail.

William raise swords and stabs the swords through its chest.

,,NO,'' says Myst with a loud talk as the Song of Reighn goes silent.

William stands and watches the stand and watches the goblinkin dies and shakes. His guantlet hand pulls the sword from the goblin.

As William's swords slides from the goblinkin. Kirra swipes and cust the and of the goblinkin then parries two strikes of swords from the spinning, ducking and evadining goblinkin. 

Spear sees the fight and leaps with his might and smashes body in the goblinkin. Its leg breaks.

Kirra watche the being fall then steps and kneels near its head. ,,What are you?'' says Kirra.

The goblinkin spit at Kirra and growls. Flat teeth with poking cannine teeth. It says slow, ,,Half. Gblins.'' The half-goblins peers at Kirra and William. He says with perfect surface speak. ''Hugoblin.'' The hugoblin laughs.

Kirra spins, swings sword, cuts the hugoblins's head from hugoblin's body.

The head rolls. The laugh stops. The smile and sneer at Kirra and the pack remaians.

The hundreds of balls of slowly falling balls of light hit the ground and fade.

,,Where do we go know?'' says Minst as Minst's sees Guile's hand.

,,Kicker. Help. Kicker. Help...'' says Shake with voice raising to a near shout. ''HELP. KICKER.''

Kicker tires to stand. Blood falls from her side. Three feet stand while the forth bends and bleeds.

Minst and Shake pulls Guile from the ground and up the hill.

Kicker falls to the ground. 

Skake kneels by pulls back Branching Armor a rips shirt and presses shirt over the sword stab wound of Kicker. ,,Kirra, Jan, Jan, Jan.'' He presses and looks back. ''Jan.'' The time pauses for only Shake.

The pack is lost. Jan lays on the mound. Kirra stands over the headless hugoblin and looks at Jan. William stands over dead hugoblin. Guide lays unmoving on ground. Guile crawls form the mound. Minst reaches for his pack back and picks components from ground. Myst hears her song and hums along as she kneels by Shake. Spear runs on top of the mound where the spell casting hugoblin once stood. 

Shake feels heart and breath beat and breathe with time. ''JAN...'' says Shake. He repessing against the stab wound on Kicker.

Jan lays on the mound. She runs as the rat pack spread around the mounds into tunnels winding and diving to burrows. The eat bits of flesh cuddle against the cold. Jan lays on the mound. She hears not Shake's sounds.

Myst sings with Shake's sounds. The song warm her hands and she presses against Kicker's stab wound.

Kicker whinneys and quivers. 

Guile watches Kicker and sits and stares.

Guide feels Spear near as he feels Spear command him to rise. Guide does open his eyes to see Spear stand in hybrid rat form on top of the mound.
With a slight squeek and commond tongue talk, Spear says, ,,We go.'' He peers through the night and sees shapes of hugoblins rushing. ''NOW.''

Kirra reasches and pulls Jan. Jan pulls from the rats and the plants and rolls to her back to see and hear Kirra.

,,We go,'' says Kirra.

As Kirra speaks. Shake and Myst press Kicker's side as Guile spreads. Guide stands and finds Spear's back with broken straps and says, ,,Shamans says we Go.'' William says, ,,We go.'' The Shake shouts, ,,NO!''

William strids and grabs Shake's loose branching armor and pulls him to his feet. ,,Shake.''

,,NO, no, no, Kicker...'' says Shake before Shake's body freezes to a hold.

Spear leaps from the mound makes the hybrid were rat sound, ,,They come.''

,,Myst,'' says William. He puts Shake on ground.

Kirra leaps to ground grabs her short sword and stabs Kicker's head.

,,YOU beast,'' hollers Myst.

Kirra walks from the pack through the mounds.

Guile only stares, stands and folllows kirra.

Spear, Guide, Jan step from a stand and walk after kirra's trail.

Kicker's body lays still as Shake's moves and pulls from William's guantlet grasp.

Shake pushes away and lands on Kicker.

Myst stands, hits William with fist and walks away with the song dripping to silence with her tears.

Her tears leave a trail toward the jogging back.

William grabs Kicker's saddle packs and Shake's sack of goblin items. ,,Shake.''

,,No,'' says Shake. He sees the wool sheet under kicker. Then stand and ties and pulls Branching Armor over body, holds the wool sheet and follows William.

William leads Shake to Spear. Spear stands around a mound. The run after the other half of the pack.

As the mounds shrink, the pack ducks.

Hugoblins run around and over mounds toward Kicker. Distant shouts and laughter fade to silence and the wind. 

Hugoblins run for the pack.

Kirra leads the pack this way and that way around the short mounds while holding down her quiver, back and head.

Spear runs lowest on all fours. Spears body like a very large rat with armor streteced and shifted over body. Spear feels and smells hugoblins near.

Guile coughs and the coughs leave a trail to follow. The pack runs in two parts through the night and coming day.

Hugoblins hear the coughs and run near. Tens of tens of hugoblins rushing arond the short mounds. 

Rats begin to run with Spear. The run from the trash and dead bodies. Rats mass around Spear and Jan and run past Kirra. 

The pack follows the rats and run from the hugoblins running wild around mounds and mounds.

A ball of light shoots to the sky. The ball explodes. Thousands of light spread and glow. 

Shadows caste over the mounds illuminating the packs and back of some of the back. 

An arrow flies over head. 

Guile coughs, and Kirra says, ,,Down.''

The pack lowers close to the ground and the light castes over the pack and the rats. 

The rats spread and run and lead to larger mounds. Then run around a mound of mounds rising twice as tall as Kirra.

The spread of bones and bodies and trash becomes trash moounds on muck and mud.

The rats sputter through the mud and muck to a small cave of trash. Rat hair and rat poop pellets covering the floor.

Spear feels the cave and runs. Kirra follows with Jan then Shake, William, Guile. 

Minst stops and looks at the gave. Myst stops and pulls him in.

They bend, twist, turn, lay, kneel and Shake stands finding room for all. Kirra and Spear make dead bodies and trash fall. Through a small hole they peer to see the night and shadows pass.

The rats spread and hid their tracks the disperse.

The shapes and sounds and foots steps of hugoblins pass.

The stench of rot and waste fume and cause stomachs to convulse and pile to purges. Guile's coughs are gagged and held until his body becomes calm.

Then sun shines through the gabs and holes of the trash mound.

The pack waits. Legs cramp. Knees become sore. Arms become strained. Muscles aches and skin rubs. The tiny pokes of goblins darts burn. The cuts sting.

Gray clouds cover. Wind gust calm. Snow falls.

Groups and couple of hugoblins pass. A few swords stab through the trash mound.

Kirra and Spear bend necks and chest with arms holding back the trash.

The hugoblins come and go. Blades are stuck into the trash.

Spear and Kirra bend and bow fast.

The hubolins walk toward the Rise.

Snow falls. Silence spreads.

Minst leg cramps. He tenses and kicks Spear. ,,Sorry. I, I, I...My leg is..''

Spear helps extend Minst's leg.

After a long thoughts span, the pain fades Minst's or leg.

The surface talk of hugoblins chats to silence.

Then the light of day begin to dim as snow fills the holes.

The pack lays, stands, kneels, lays, bends, bows. They sleep, snooze. They stare and listen.

Spear slowly begins to shift from rat form to hybrid to human as the snow falls.

As the sonw falls, heart beats slow. Bodies shivers. Arms and hands cross, bend and push to head and drink. Hips shift and bodies move to pees.

Guile shits. The louds farts nearly as loud as his cough. Shit smears on the robe of Reighn and through the small cave.

,,Can you turn in to a rat and shit?'' says Shake.

,,Rats,'' says Guile. ''I like my mind beyond that of a stinking animal.''

,,Are you not a wererat?'' says Minst as he tries to wave and move his arm between Myst and Guide.

Guide remains silent.

Minst continues the talk. ''What are going to do? Are still going to the town? Are we going to the tower? Are we-''

,,WE,'' says KIrra with loud tone. ''Will remain quiet, leave during the dark. And go to the Rise.''

,,Why the Rise? Why not Set?'' says Minst.

,,Every hu-goblin has been walking Set,'' says Spear shifting legs tingling. ''We need to move.''

,,I'll go Rise,'' says William shifting has shoulders to pull plate armor from shoulder cut.

,,Rise,'' says Shake. His voice quiet.

Jan feels a force press he body toward the rise. ,,Rise,'' says Jan.

,,Rise,'' says Kirra.

William shifts hips and move the hip armor plate to not poke spine. ,,Myst.'' William settles. His voice is more like a song than a question. ''Will Reighn's song sing with us to the Rise?''

Myst lays still with mind is silence and dark. ,,Reighn does not sing a path as I lay.''

,,Has Reighn sang with me as we travel Rise?'' says William.

Myst lays silent.

William says, ''Minst. WE go Rise. We will find the unknown. We will fight the known. Defense or offense your purpose will lead us Rise.''

Spear grunts and shits givines a push to all. ,,Enough pretty words. If you want to fight, blow heads off. Rise is the path of legends.''

Kirra hears feet crunching snow. ,,Quiet,'' she says.

Torch lights shines thorugh thin crust fo snow. Feet to foot cruch then slop past.

Swords sides slap the mound. Snow mist falls.

Torch lights dim.

,,Which way do they walk?,'' says Minst. He shifts and shakes and holds a sneeze.

,,Set,'' says Kirra. She pokes finger tough a hole open of snow.

It snows. 

''We go now.'' Kirra sifts. ''Ready to leave.''

,,Why now?'' says Minst. ''Why now? Where are going? Why are we?''

,,Quiet. Follow the lead.'' 

,,Ready,'' says William. 

,,Ready,'' say Shake.

,,Ready,'' says Spear.

,,Ready,'' says Shake.

Guide says slow. ,,Ready.''

,,I'll.'' He clears throat. ''I'll...''

,,Ready,'' says Minst.

There is a pause of silence then Myst says, ,,Ready.''

Then the cold and silence surrounds. 

,,Follow,'' says Kirra.

Kirra's look at Spear. ''Trail and cover.''

Spear shrugs and jerks head.

Kirra pulls down a broke yoke.

Broken pot, bones, dried skin and muscle, shirt and two pairs of pants fall and cover with snow.

Kirra steps then jog slow through the snow and over the foot prints of the hugoblins.

William, Myst, Jan, Minst, Shake, Guide, Guile, Spear crawl, shuffle, twist, bend, pull, stand from rat burrow. Spear reaches into burrow, beaks a long bone. 

The burrow slumps and slow falls. 

Spear steps on snow and kick snow over hole then follows. 

Guile jogs slow. His stiff lets break and bend. Cold muscles strain and warm. His numb lungs stun. His back pulls on back to pinch pain. His ankle pain. Shit, mustard and mint fumes fill the Rope of Reighn.

Guide smell the shit, mustard and mint. He feels each drop of snow fall upon his cloths and mess hair, fur and plant Branching Armor. He steps a stide leaving no foot print in the hundreds of foot prints.

Shake follows the foot prints stepping and sprining and landing leaving no trail through the foot prints, without sound will keeping low in the mounds. He looks back to Guile the follows Minst stiff stride.

Minst strides stiff leg holding hands fist holding his sling and a bullet. He pulls on pack, touches spine of spell book. His hands, wrists, feet and ankles only feel cold. One boot sloshes with water. One boot and foot is dry.

Jan feels to float and drip to the slush, snow and mug. She feels a push down feeling her force spash like fruit juice from a squashed fruit. Jan steps fast only feeling these things.

Myst runs with silence in mind with silence with foot steps. She holds drum. She sets gaze on William.

William runs holding scabbard and controlling breath and shaking back stapped to back seeing Kirra's black sihlouette run around mounds of white. 

Big flakes of snow fall on the mounds of white.

White brightens night. 

Kirra leads the pack Wane through the night.

Platemail and chain mail scraps and scabbards hit hip plates sound through the white wide mounds Wane and Set

Kirra leads to the Rise. The pack follows.

Torch tops burn above mounds of snow from Wax.

Kirra leads Rise. The pack follows.

From the Rise, Bright flood over tourch light and magic balls of light hoving high above the sky castes shadlows through the mounds.

The trail of hundreds becomes a trail of ten running Wax.

Kirra runs Wax. The pack follows. 

From the Set and the Wax, hugoblins stand on top of tall mounds. They hold cones of dark casting light over the tops of mounds like Kirra's beacon lamp.

Kirra leads the pack Rise. The pack follows. 

Wan a group of armor sounds to run in marching step to the Rise and the beacon lights and the fire torches. 

The pack run to the Rise, to the floating orbs of flight high above the torch light. The ground rises and the mound shink to the height of Shake. 

Kirra, William, Kirra, Guide, Minst, Spear crouch and fast jog through the mounds with Jan, Myst, Guile and Shake running.

A wood and stone building tops rises from the mounds of snow and rising plane of snow covered trash.

Kirra falls to chest and crawls through snow power up the steady incline to a flat plane. The pack falls and crawls behind Kirra.

Spear grabs Guile's ankle and points back. William grabs Minst and William's.

They stop as Spear crawls past. Spear says to Guile, ,,Back, too many front.'' Spear says to William, ,,Guard back.'' Spear says to Minst, ,,Wait back and ready to fight.

Guide stops crawling, looks at Spear, nods and crawls back to William.

Spear, Kirra, Myst and Jan lay in the shadows of a round mound tall enough to hide the packs on backs. They look over mounds.

A city bigger than Lyno is in circled by tall granite wall holding back trash and dead. The tall wall and trash span wide Wax and Wane with buildings and dark hiding the complete circle. Six towers as large as Coal's Public House rise taller than the goblins tower in the canyon. The light globes that floated around the goblins tower in the canyon hover over the city streets. Flames and fires to burn from the end of poles at ends of the square grids of grouped buildings.  
 
A grid of buildings and streets of stone rectanles and wood beams lays in columns and rows with streets between. The street are flat rock with wooden side walks along the sides of the roads. 

Hugoblins and hobgoblins walk the wooden walk ways as a team of hugoblins wearing shining chainmail pull along a wagon with a catapult. The catapult rolls along the road away from the pack peering over the mound to the city.

Spear looks at the towers and seeks three to five goblinkin walking in the shadows from the tower tops.

The tower tops tower above the granite walls and trash. Cross bows lay along the edge. Balls of golden light shine above. Hugoblins and hogbolins heads appear at the edge and above the wall as the peer over the city and the trash.

Jan reaches and feels through the trash. Her energy flows and floods with water seeping through moss and bacteris to roots of plants that grow between the stones of the wall.

The energy spans from root to root creating a map of the roots of the plants and vines and tree roots growing around the walls and the city. The energy shows a wall taller than Coal's Public House and as thick as a full grown tree trunk. The energy flows under and over tunnels and arches that lead from the trash into the city.

The root, vines and plant energy map fades from the edges of the city to the center.

Myst looks over the top of the city watching the buildings rise and fall in their blocks.

The gray rock and dark browns wood create similar buildings. Lights shine from windows. Sihlouettes pass before windows. Through one window, a group of small and big hugoblins sit around window.

Kirra lays and peers from the tower tops to the windows to the streets and alleys near where they lay.

The end of the trash and the beginning of the wall is a long sprint form the mound. The area between open white and bright with the globs of light shining above the city. Teams of hugoblins running in packs and piars along the side walks and toward the wall at a point a stone's throw away.

From the Wax where the pack lays, soldiers march through tunnel show by the club torches rising flames above the trash. 

A blast of light explodes over the mounds of trash to the Rise and near the distand location of the mound where the pack once hid.

Another blast of light explodes above the sky between the pack and the last blasts. A few flickering lights dot the horizon between the mounds. Torch lights shine Wan e from the mounds below the slop of trash. 

,,They near,'' says Kirra. She crawls from the snow. 

Myst, Spear and Jan follow Kirra to the pack. 

The goblinkin in the tower stand along the tower top and rise crossbows. The cross bows point over the pack and the slope to the wall. 

The pack meets, and Kirra says, ,,They come from the Rise. Near where we slept.''

,,The wall is complete,'' say Jan. ''I felt hall and arches that lead through tunnels through the trash.''

Spear looks around. ,,Seen a troupes' light shine the tunnel to the wax. It is near.''

Another light explosions spreads and illuminates the sky.

,,Where are we going to go?'' says Minst.

,,The city,'' says Shake. He hold body from a slight shiver. He puts hands in armpits. ''Coming from Rise. See them Wax and Wane. Going to find us soon if stay here. We need to go where they got to be searching for us. City is the last place to looks.''

,,Shake,'' William begins to say until Kirra speaks.

Kirra says, ,,The city.''

William looks at Kirra's sihlouette. ,,The city. There. No. There's too many. And I run like an elephant.'' 

Another ball of light explodes  from the Wan then Wax. The light spreads near the pack.

Kirra moves back and crawls further to the mounds and mud floor. 

,,The city,'' say Spear. As he says the words, the feeling of worry ease from William's mind. He hold a lough to a calm quiet chuckle. He slaps Shake's back. ''A sttreak fo chaos and carelessness. I like. Through the city like a beserker rage.''

Myst hears a slight note from Spear's chuckle. She bends knees and sits hearing Rieghn song sing.

An explosion of light give and explosion of sound give Myst a bang for a song to begin. Her eyes open wide and hears a hymn and a voice of Reighn Sing in her during a span of time that is between the pauses of talk of the pack.

,,How would we get through city? How would we hide?'' Minst touches the spine of spell book. ''Through the mounds and the mound hills. Won't we.''

Guile holds a cough. ,,We...''

,,We go,'' says Spear.

,,How?'' says Minst.

,,Speed.'' says Shake. '' Speed. I'll run over the hill here then run Wax through the mounds. Then you and the pack run through the tunnel. Everyone is probably asleep. These are nights A distraction. pull them from the center.'' Shake looks at William. ''I need the Speed.'' He smiles. ''We need the Speed.''

William stands. ,,No. Giving the protection of the mounds to take a path through the city is a fools plan. No magic or mind bending or prayer will hide us from the light or towers or the warriors running through time.''

,,They are light beings. Few walk the city. Warriors here there. The towers near the entrance. They will see us enter. And once it. Then where will be go.'' William raises his voice. ''Where would we go from there? A hotel.''

,,Calm the voice, my friend,'' says Spear.

William clenches jaw and fist. ,,How will we march through the tunnel, by two towers with guards?''

,,A distraction.'' Shake points to self. ''Me. I run Wax and yellow. Have a few of those hugoblins see me and chase. I Speed away and make way to the other side of the city to the Rise.'' He look at William's eyes then glances down at William's Branching Armor hip pocket holding the Vial of Speed.

Another light expolision illuminates from the Wane.

Jan feels not pains as she spreads through the root, bacteria, mold, moss and vines through. She bends and pulls around a void of land spread around. Through the living beings Jan's energy spans and surrounds.  She feels goblinkins on mounds, behind mounds, in mounds. She feels only the cold and thought. ,,Goblin are many thought the mounds and land.''

,,I distract the goblins in the tower as we pass. We kill that we find. We run through the alleys,'' says Guide. He holds a cough and swallows.

,,And the coughing that has left a trail to use from Lyno through these fields of death?'' William raises his grasped guantlet fist.

Light explodes. Light spreads of the snow where the pack sits and stands.

Spear stand and steps from the shadows and light dancing over the ground as they stand. They shuffle walk through the short mounds of trash along the darkness cast from the slope.

Light and shadows bounce and dip and rise as the fire work light globes fall.

Click and clacks click and clack with the lick and smack of lips, tongues and mouths speaking surface tongue. The words, ,,Parameter...Ring...Kill or capture...'' are heard. The scrape of armor and tap of swords against steel rings through the night with the lights.

A river of shadows flows between the mounds.

Spear and Kirra lead the pack to a lighted path.

The light path leads like a hall with a sky roof to a stone arch to the city and two towers.

Spear and Kirra duck. The pack ducks and whisper, listen, hear.

Goblin talk listens to silent. A distant shout comes from the Rise. There are more should from Wane and Wax.

Myst hears all these sound and hears the song to guide her mind where to walk and go through the night. She feels calm and hears a voice of Reighn sing from the Rise through the tunnel and to the city.

Spear breaths calm and add's to Myst's songs. ,,Clear. The towers won't see. The light fades.''

Kirra runs a gap of dim light shining from the hall light shining from the walls of the hall parting the trash.

Jan stops look and runs the gap to Kirra.

Spear grabs Minst and pushes him into the light. Minst stumbles to Kirra and is grabbed and pushed. 

Spear raises a hand as two hugoblins wearing hid coats walk into view through the hall leading to the city.

The goblins walk past as the watch the light sphere's descend.

Another explosion of lights flashes. 

Spear lowers his hand.William and Shake cross the light to the dark on the Wane side.

Spear looks at Myst. 

Myst stands and steps and follows the singing of Reighn. She stops in the light as the singing hits tones like wind and leaves in the wind. 

The sound covers and fills Myst with joy. Then the joy fades as the singing lowers tones to a bass vibration. 

Spear pulls Myst to the dark on the Wane side.

Myst's eyes....

She stops as Spear and Kirra run the hall of light.

The song of Reighn in Myst's mind sings tones near words and humns near the feeling of a fan blowing. The song of Reighn sings from Myst's mind into Guile's mind and William's mind and Shake's mind.

Guile hears the song for Guile reads the pack's thoughts ehco from their minds. He hears their surface spoken and text thoughts like their voices. He hears the sounds they create in their minds. He feels over skin the thoughts. He focuses on Shake.

Shake hears Song of Reighn in his mind like a distant favorite song once heard. Shake begins to humm the song to sooth the pain the buzz of speed can sooth.

William hears the songs sooth body and calm the rage pumping blood through veins; the rage gripping a guantlet first. The guantlet fist becomes an open guantlet hand.  The song spans as Myst closes yes. The song sings around the planes, snow top and mounds and around the bends and twists through the shadows rivers and the goblinkin swiming in the darkness.

Goblinkin are everywhere. They are around the mounds and between the mounds Set, Wane and Wax. The goblins sonus sculptures stand and walk slow. The peer and duck and poke the mounds. They points and wave torches. 

Kirra and Spear do not hear nor feel nor see anything from Myst and Reighn. They step quiet and around mounds.

Minst, Jan and Guide follow Spear and Kirra, but slow step when Myst, Shake, Guile and William remain.

Myst, Shake, Guile and William feel and see the song and the goblinkin stalking around. 

,,No,'' says William. His mind sees the sonice image of Gobinkin sleeping and staring near. 

Shake says, ,,Goblins are everywhere.'' He reaches for William's pocket holding the Vial of Speed.

The song of Reighn silences from William, Guile and Shake as Myst opens eyes. 

Myst hears the song sing strong from the Rise. She steps into the hall between the walls of trash and rot, vines and plantes mold. She steps into the light and toward the Rise feeling the song of Reighn become strong as drums pound from the Rise. Myst raises hand to hit drum, and William grabs her hand. Myst steps to the light and
 hall.

Kirra and Spear stops and hear the snore of two hugoblins and the clicks of three. They hear William's calm quiet voice warn of goblins everywhere.

Shake and Guile watch Myst from the dark as Mysgt walks through the light. 

Guile's mind lets the surface voices of thought from the pack quiet as he climbs the wall to see and peer and hear the guards in the two towers above. 

The goblins stare and aim crossbows. They talk and bark and shout. A few laugh like a human. A few laugh with click and clacks 

Guile stares and laughts and clicks tongue to mouth roof and smile. He watches...

An explision of light spreads small balls of light above the two towers. 

Light shines.

Hugobolins watch the light balls fall. They peer at the darkness betweeen the mounds and down the slope. The darkness becomes light.

The pack ducks and leans against the slope and short mounds. They lay and sit to remain in the shadows.

Guile focuses upon the light sphere's of light and the sight to be seen by the goblinkin. He hears mumbling and some one laughs and points. He watches their white billowing breaths blowing out. He then hears the talk and breathe of a hobgoblin fromm the hobgoblin standing behind hugoblin holding crossbow.

Myst walks, and William, Spear, Kirra step and crawl past Guile and toward the edge of the hall of light. The lights shine on the dark. Packs contrast against the white that spreads over the ground. 

Kirra pushes Minst down to the grown then reaches for Guile.

The light shines over Guile to reveal him as he lay on the snow. The black Reighn of Rope lay exposed like a shadow against the light. Guile's mind inhibits a hobolins mind. 

Guile guides the hobgobilin to push the hugoblin with the crowbow aimed to the Set. 

The hugoblin hits the tower wall and drops crossbow then hits the hobgoblin. 

The goblinkin in the towers look at the hugoblin and hobgoblins. 

Myst walks through the light and the halls walk with the song of Reighn in her mind. The song's tempo beats slow to fast moving her feet over the mud and stone over the path. Myst runs through the hall of trash and plants, between the towers, over a clearing of light an alley between the backs of builds.

Shake looks to the towers and seet the goblins Kin to the tower Wax look to the two Wane. 

And the goblinkin Wax leave the edges of the towers. 

Shake runs through the hall, over the ground and to Myst as Myst walks through a dark alley. Shake looks back.

The tower tops look to the other. Shouts, clacks and laughters. Willliam hears the notes of Reighn sing after Shake and Myst trail. He steps to the light of the hall nad kneels to let the light above caste over. He crawls then runs the light hall.

Minst sees Myst leave then Shake and William follow and follows William running and huffing and touching spine of spell book. He ducks and trips and stumbles to a run. He sees a group of hugoblins as he runs between the backs of buildings into the alley to huff and puff near Shake.

The goblin's seen by Minst walk along the wood sidwalks. They stand three hugoblins as big as William and four hugoblins like some all gobins. They step between the two towers and stare at the goblinkin on tower tops. 

The goblinkin on tower tops gather and watch a fight. 

Guile watches the fight and swings a fist of the hobgoblin. The fist hits the hugoblin.

The hugoblins hits the hobgoblin controlled by Guile. The hobgoblin stumbles back, grabs a wooden club, says, ,,<THEWORDFORFIRE>'' and swings the club at a the box of bolts open in a corner. The two goblinkin fight. The goblinkin watch.

The hugoblin looking to the two towers see the fight and run from the towers. 

William steps to the light hearing a drum bound beat him toward the Rise and in the hall light.

,,William,'' says Spear.

,,They surround, and I hear.'' Wiliam runs and strides, trips and stumbles over stone. He runs between two towers...

Spear sees. 

Kirra watches.

Guide waits.

Guile feel pain of face of hobgoblin being kicked and punched. 

The hobgbolin coveres head form the fists and feet of hugobins. 

Then Guile feels wet and cold and laying in snow. 

Spear grabs Guile's foot. ,,We run through.''

Spear runs through the hall, the light, the alley. 

Guile nods and rolls and falls from the wall of the hall into the city.

,,Run, Jan.'' says Kirra.

Jan steps, grabs Kirra's hand. They run. 

Guide lays in the snow.

Kirra and Jan run the hall, between the towers and through the light to the dark alley. 

Shake sees Guile lay on the ground. He glances at the hip pocket of William holding the Vial of Speed.

The pack sees the goblinkin on the towers' tops watch to the ruckus upon one. Then one by one the goblinkin watching turn away from the fight.

A dead hobgoblin body falls from a tower top and hits the ground. 

As it hits the ground, Guile crawls back into the shadows and the ground. He pulls the robe of Reighn over body and he hides in the shadows.

The shadows shrink to light as globes fall and illuminate the mounds and space between.

,,Guile,'' says Shake. Shake looks at William's hip pocket with vial of speed.

,,Why here,'' says Spear looking around the alleys shodows to find Myst.

,,Reighn's song sung, and I followed,'' says Myst.

Shake huffs and steps to alley's edge, ,,Guile. We need to help him.'' Shake looks to see Myst sitting and starring at the ground. ''The song stills sings to us all because Guile shown a show for this goblinkin.'' He looks from Myst to Spear and William. ''Now he sits from the pack.''

The goblinkin the tower lift crowsbows and look below.

A loud shout then shouting is heard. The goblinkin spread and span and man the crossbows setting in the rise wall. 

Guile runs the light hall. His stomach bounch and back clink. He runs and runs and runs. His short feet slip and slide.

Then the shouts are no more.

The pack watch Guile run. 

The gobinkin find position along the wall. 

Gulie rens to the wane tower wall. He presses against the wall letting the sight of the hobgoblin linger in mind. Guile's mind leaves the thought with the body and presses against the tower wall then side steps to the corner.

The goblinkin look and point at the goblinkin on the ground. 

At the Wane Set coner of the tower, Guide stops and looks around the corner.

A few goblin run along the sidewalk. A hobgoblin sits on wooden sidewalk. Three hugoblins walk down the middle of the stone road with arms over shoulders while they sway and walk in a wave to the Rise. 

A few lights shine through widow. Many windows are shutter and clow with lines of light. Sign's hang from poles and sway with a gust.

The gust blows from Rise to Set.

The pack feels the gust, but the tension all feel numbs the cold as they see Guile disappear behind the tower to the Wane and as the dead goblin lay on the ground.

Then the dead goblin's arm rises.

A goblin leaps to the ledge of the tower top and click and clacks.

Guile press against the side and raises arms. He steps in place and turns. 

The dead hobgoblin on the ground lifts arms and stands then begins to march toward the light tunnel. The hobgoblin walk and walk. 

The clicks and clack and surface talk above then bolts are shot. 

The bolts fly and stick into the walking and stumbling hobgoblin. 

The hobgoblin stumbles to the hall of light as Guile stumbles along the Wax wall.

Then like twins in a mirror land, Guile and the hobgoblin run and stumble in opposite directions. 

Guile sees black on back though his eyes are wide.

The goblinkin above rush to the edged of the tower to see and shoot at the walking dead goblins.

Goblins, hobgoblins and hugoblins run from doors along the Set of the towers. Goblins, hobgoblins and hugoblins on the street sit, walk and let the shouting spread.

Guile runs stumbling and falling to the ground. Then he crawls through the mud and to the alley shadows. His dark become bright with fire light shines.

The hobgoblin controlled by Guile falls flat on the hall of light.

Spear grabs Guile's robe and pulls him to the shadows. 

The pack regresses between the buildings leaving the lights for the alley shadows.

Guile pulls away from Spear and walks, stumbles, and mouth breathes.

Myst hums a drum beat no louder than Guile's breath. The song continues from the bass of drum hits heard while walking into the town.

The alley shadows caste over barrels large and small, stacks of rope, shattered glass and broken bottles. Iron bound wooden doors glow along edges with light. A few coughs are heard. Patches of snow crunch as the pack moves into the alley behind the grid of buildings.

Kirra and William lead the pack through th alley looking between the Wane to Wax allies.

Groups of sleeping goblins spread over alleys. Trash, bins of coal, boards.

The pack stops as the alley Sex to Rise opens to the road. 

Shake looks at William's pocket full of Speed and feel a ghost buzz.

Myst steps from the pack and into the light. The song in mind sing toward the set. It spreads a glow from the star of Reighn.

William reaches to clasp Myst's clock, but the cloak whips away. Myst runs astray over the bright lite road to an alley. 

,,WHO!'' shout is heard. 

Myst hears not the shout and run through light road way into the alley Set to Rise.

The pack stops behind Kirra and William as they look over the street.

A few doors open. Shouts, screams and laughter with strings of guitar and bass hits like a drum fill the cold and the light with sounds and life.

''WHAT,'' says a lone hugoblin stumbling then standing to look down the alley where Myst runs with the song of Reighn and for the burn from the star.

Kirra notches arrow and aims. William pulls out his sword. Minst puts a bullet in his sling.

A few hugoblins walk into view from the Wax. One shouts, ,,Gribln! You drink too much!'' The group laughs.

The hugoblins stares and swagers then swats hand with a stumble away and from sight.

Kirra lowers bow.

The pack runs one by one over the stone road and after Myst. They leap over sleeping goblinkin aling the alleys.

A door opens and the pack ducks and hides and shadows letting the door close after water is thown from the door.

Myst leads through alleys pausing with a stand and not a crouch when a noise is heard or goblin felt.

Over the lights and through the city they run.

Stone buildings framed by wood rise low and high above. Stone path and steps rise and lower. Boxes, barrels and bundles stack on stone path.

A few hugoblins shout from dark window. ,,QUIET!'' ,,LEAVE CALM!'' ,,WHO?'' A few rectanle windows flicker light from dark. Faces of hugoblins poke out from windows above and behind. 

Mud and  ice cover patches of concave stones. 

William slips and nearly stumbles. He knocks Spear. Spear leaps over boxes and lands near Kirra. 

Kirra runs with daggers in hands behind Myst.

Myst holds the Stare of Reighn. She feels a song with stings and prucusion set to the beat of her racing heart. The horns of the Voice of Reighn sing near surfaces talk as the sound feels to be closer to crescendo peak. 

Shake running near rear with Guile, Jan, Minst with Guide looking and seeing the back of the pack. Shake feels the race of the song like it is a distant whisper. Shake feels the Song of Reighn sung through the souls listening. 

The Song of Reighn sooths the ache, burn, shake for Speed.

Shake follows the songs pace. 

Guile tries to keep the pace. His legs stride. His lungs burn. His body aches. Ankle feel near break. Jolts of pain shoot through body then hit spine and spread through being. Guile wimpers. He's eye purse and close and press back the tears as he runs. 

Guide sets a stride like a jog. Above, behind and to the side he sees. 

Sihlouettes looking through the dark. A few lights covered with sheets. A few goblins waken from slumber against boxes. A hogoblin sleeping on bundle of clothings. A hugoblins smoking a pipe sitting in the shadows as the pack runs past fast as they can run. 

A cherry glows in the darkness. 

Kirra sees the pipe cherry glow and runs with the flow leaving the daggers in hands.

Jan sees the hands of the hugoblin smoking pipe in shadows and runs after Guile. The stone path and stone walls hold Jan in body. 

The run across road part mud and part stone. 

They run along the stone alleys of two level buildings. 

,,Where we run?'' say William side stepping a goblins feasting on rotten lettuce. 

Only Spear and Kirra hear. Spear says, ,,Rise.''

Kirra runs near Myst. 

Myst runs with eyes close and along the song map in mind. She leaps over a box blind.

,,What we find?'' says Kirra.

Myst runs, says, ,,Reighn.''

Kirra sheaths a dagger and reaches to pull Myst.

Shake feels the grasp of Kirra near the source of song. He feels a touch that will stop the song. He runs with stride long and reaches Kirra nearly as fast as he on Speed. He clasps Kirra's hand. ,,Song of Reighn sings.''

William side stips a sleeping gobin, glances at Shake and runs faster to follow near Shake's back.

The run acorss another stone and mud road.

They run the alley. 

Guide hears a goblins running behind the pack.

The long alley ends. 

A group of goblins wearing leather armor shining of the fire from torches in hands and globes hovering above. Ten hugoblins hold sword and round small shields. Ten hugoblins hold cross bows and rectangle medium sheilds. The stand in huddle around a hugoblin talking from below.

Clicks and clacks are heard. 

The clicks and clacks play notes in Myst's song of Rieghn.

Both Shake and Myst see with the song the shapes of the goblinkin. They slow their leading jog to a stop before the last building of the alleys. 

A goblin still scurries behind. 

Guide stops and runs for the goblins. 

The pack slows and breathes. 

Guile feels the tickle and cough. He holds mouth then couchgs. 

Myst stands blind to light and sings the song to show that the goblinkin huddle remains still. 

Guile coughs and coughs. He sits. He breathes quiet.

A hugoblin steps from the huddle then stands and looks at the alley entrance. 

Kirra steps quiet past Myst and Shake and to the alleys edge.

Spear and William slow their walk. William grabs his fist and clench his jaw with eyes staring at Shake. 

Shake and Myst stand by each other. They see the goblinkin huddle. Shake says as Myst sings tones and volumes quiet like a soothing whistle. ,,Goblinkin warriors huddled around. I hear the song. That song.'' He looks at Myst. ''What is that?''

The nimble notes of the song bend and twist and form around the stone block and wood buildins, the crrates, boxes, barrles and bundles of vegitable skins and roots. It flows over the stone walk way of the alley then forms a song map around the mind.

William heads Myst's song and sees the song twist and form around the city near.

They hear in the song the beat pace flow toward RiseWane.

From the Set a goblins surries, and Guide runs.

Guide jumps and grabs the goblins. and holds its squirming body with arms and hand with jaw.

The goblins squirms and shakes in hands. Guide holds and walks back near the pack.

The pack stands as Kirra was to the edge and watches from the edge of shadows as a hugoblin stands and stares at the alley.

Myst, Shake and William see the song map of Reighn. They step after Myst as she steps Wax toward the song beat and away from the Rise Sex alley path.

Song of Reighn creates a most move wooden sidewalk and awenings. A goblin sits against bench against wall. The stone street emtpy sans a long empty wagon. Windows are dark and shuttered. Doors are closed. An alley opens across the street between two building three levels tall. Snow driffs sweep from road to sidewalk.

Myst, Shake and William crunch the snow and steps on whisps of snow across the stone and dirt street into the alleys to the Wax.

The pack follows with Kirra and Guide following.

Guide holds the goblin in arms.

The goblinkin around the corner to the Rise Wane walks to the alley now empty. The alley before is filled with a single file running of the pack.

They run by and over boxes and pallets and puddles now ice. Wiliam slips and stumbles to a run.

Myst runs to the Wax over a street feeling the increase beat then flow in her mind to the Rise. She runs with the rise and to the center of the beat of the song of Reighn.

The song of Reighn sings to Shake and William and is heard between the breathes and coughs of Guile without the reading of Myst's minds.

He hears and follows and lets the song guide him through the pain in ankle. 

Kirra, Jan, Spear, Guide and Minst follow the song without a song. 

They hear only a few click and clacks echoing through alleys as they pass from between buildings to another street to another street.

A group of goblins to distant to define cloths and type create a shout that follow the pack through an alley. 

The song of Reighn becomes a beat that feels to be a tone. 

A shout of, ,,Stop,'' is head from a distant behind.

At the far end to the alley to the rise and group of goblinkin gathers.

The pack runs over another street to an alley, past buildinsg then the song of Rieghn becomes one sounds.

The shapes of buildings far and near vanish from Myst's mind.

The sound of Reighn silences from the minds.

The pack stands at the intersection of alleys along a long Rise Set alley. The buiding above are three and two levels high. Wooden shutters and darkness covers winodws.

A hugoblins shouts, ,,IDENTIFY!'' from a distant.

Three doors are seen on the Wax and Wane facing walls of the four buildings of intersection. No barrels, buckets, bundles or boxes clutter the alley.

A slush puddle splashes around Minst on wet foot and boot.

Guile covers mouth and coughs.

Goblinkin run from a distant alley to a road.

,,Were we go,'' says Kirra with voice strick and clam.

Spear pulls out his hammer. ,,WE fight.''

,,IDENTIFY!'' is shouted.

Guile coughs.

A flame light above castes from window.

All look at Myst while glancing up and back.

Shadows and sihollouttes caste around the light through the alleys around the goblinkin running to the pack.

,,Myst,'' says William. ''I don't hear anything.''

Myst stands and lets her whistle to blow silent.

Kirra looks up.

A hugoblin head appears from a window with a candle and candle tray in hand.

,,Hide or hurry,'' says Kirra. She steps

,,Who's down there,'' calls a voice from above.

Myst looks above.

The candle light flame flickers like a shining Star of Reighn.

All but Myst of the pack step to the shadows of the alleys and press to the Rise.

Wiliiam and Shake step from Myst. William grabs Myst. ,,Myst.''

,,STOP!'' is shouted from the road at the end of the alley.

,,Myst,'' says Wiliam.

,,Reighn will show the lights and the stare bright,'' she looks at the candle light. ''There.''

Myst pulls from Wiliam's grasp and steps to the Alley wane. She sees a door with a star. ,,Willaim,'' says Myst.

The door opens.




