,,Is that true,'' says Minst. He sips on wine flask and passes the flask to Myst. She sips on the wine flask then they pass it to Guile. Guile acts like he sips on the wine.

Coal looks at Minst. ,,Of course, it's true. All these people are here because the goblin's frighen them. And the only words you'll hear from them is that the valley bores. What they do know will be half lies anyway.'' Coal looks at all three and speaks only loud enough for them to hear. ''You best bet is to talk with the families and clans along the border of Lyno where the valley begins. They will have more to give than anyone here.'' Coal stands to side and leans on elbow on bar. He faces the Rise wall windows and peers along the card players then glances back at  Minst. ''The tapestry in the the room. It's of the Illusion Tower.'' He looks at all three then nods. ''A Westmore tower as a matter of fact.'' He looks out the window and at the front door the tables. ''Risewane from Lyno near the desert it once stood. It's fallens since. All rubble and sands.''

,,There's a desert?'' says Minst.

Coal says loud, ,,Is there a desert?'' He glances at Minst then to window. ''Gods damn biggest land of dead. Before the goblins there was a fear that the desert was going to take us over. It was all baseless worry because in all my time here the desert hasn't grown much.''

,,How is there a desert in the center of a ring of mountains?'' says Minst.

Coal looks on. ,,It was a great lake before all we smart people around that ring began diverting the water for food and shit. Not to mention the druids goblinizing all the canyons. And then there's the dwarves.'' 

,,Dwarves,'' says Guile. He stares at Coal.

Coal says, ,,The ones in the mountain. They like us surface talkers have been dumping waste and diverting water for last leaving salt.'' He looks at the three with eyes wide. ''Then there's a desert.'' Coals settles his stare forward, ''But that's far away. Half a season's travel. If you left now, it would take you forty cycles to travel.''

Myst says, ,,How big's the desert.''

,,Big. Don't know much about the desert. I've met a few who have claimed to live through. They talk of some oasis. They talk of a swamp. They all tell stories with only one common details of their stories that have ever been the same. That common detail that they nearly died.''

,,How can we believe you,'' says Guile.

Coal looks at Guile with wide eyes, ,,You can. Or do can not. I don't care. How can you believe anything?''

,,With trust,'' says Minst sipping at edge of wine flask.

,,Is there a map etched along the all of the hall. Two semicircles. The ring mountains and the circle desert. Lyno is on the map

Myst says, ,,How long you been here?''

Myst sips on carafe, ,,What do you know of Carlos the Barded Dwarf?''

Carlos looks on. ,,I have read a book and seen too many stand near that hearth and tale tales that come from Carlos the Barded Theif. I now throw out all the people coming to sing his songs because I have heard them enough. Now Speed. Speed has a gift of song thought that is good. His singing needs practice. He looks at Minst. Get Speed writing then maybe live or die you'll be part of a timeless story.'' Carlos grabs the carafe, a glass, stands and pours. ''You may need a pack animal. One that's quiet for the one rumor that tells true through all these wandering heros is that there is a goblin front from the Kitmore Valley to the desert.'' He looks at glass as nothing pours from flask.

,,You need to drink for the carafe.''

Coal lifts the carafe and drinks.

,,The Kilmore Canyon?'' says Myst.

,,What you probably know best as Westmore Canyons?'' says Coal puttling flash on table. ''ONce the canyon was taken the front moved, stayed. Not far from here. Two days travel.''

Minst grabs the carafe and drinks.

Coals looks at all three as their faces relax to stare. ,,I have people to watch and actions to prepare.'' He stands. ''If you are in need of more information ask if you can find me.''

,,Which wall has the map,'' says Minst.

,,The Set wall. It's an old map, so there's a city around the tower.'' Coal grabs flask and takes one more swallow. ''That's good wine.'' He steps with a nods walking the path people part for him to kitchen.

Myst drinks from carafe. ,,How long has it been?

,,Since they left for Shopping?'' says Minst. He leans back and looks through smoke and windows to see the sun. ''I don't know.''

Guile leans back and looks at the benches, door and hearth.

People sit at benches free of plates and cups. People walk from the door and walk the bench table rows and sit. People grunt and mummble and talk. A few walk to the hearth near the people sitting at a couple of the chairs. 

In the kitches, as seen through the open path, large pots are lifted to grates over a fire and bread is removed from one side to the other.

The smell of baked bread spreads through the fumes of oak smoke and tobacco float and laying through and around.

Guile sniffs. ,,Near midday.''

Minst sips wine from carafe, ,,Where's Jan?''

Jan lays on the roof on rock spread over the surface. Her body lays between two benches. Her head is by two empty flow bots. Her mind is floating in the blue above watching the light shift and shadows caste from Set to Rise.

The heat peaks and Jan falls with a wash of energy filling her body then capped with her mind creating shapes and colors and connection.

Jan feels the energy as energy from the life around swims through her body. Energy from the roots, the trees, the people walk below.

The energy of Minst and Myst is feeling fuzzy and light while Guile's mood feels to put lines and borders on the mood.

,,I want to see the map,'' says Guile as he stands.

Minst slides from stool with Minst.

They walk the stairs letting Guile lead to the Set faciing wall.

The wall spans from Wane to Wax from the exit of the staircase of the third floor of the Coal's to a wall at the end of a long all. 

One side of the Set side of the wall has doors and doorway that appear etched from the same woods as the wall seemlessly
creates a relief of the sun and clouds. Through the clouds flies Griffins, eagles,  hawks, dragons, jinale and people with winged machines. The doors complete the picture.

The Rise side fo the hall creates a pictures of mountains, trees, rivers, lakes. The mountains spaen the border in an arch along the edges of the all and the wall near the floor. The map of the mountains show contours and caonyons and peaks of the mountinas. 

Minst runs hand over the relief. ,,Where's our canyon?''

Myst, Minst get down on knees and crawl along the silk carpet. 

Guile walks behind. He nods at a man stepping from a room. Perfume smelling of lemon follows the man.

A sense of acid flows through Minst as he inhales the lemong sense. He stops crawl. 

Myst peers at wall. ,,Are these words dwarven?''

Guile leans and peers at the wall. ,,The words are dwarven.''

Myst, on all fours, looks back to Guile, ,,Could you help find Lyno?''

Guile sniffs and wipes nose with sleeve. He steps before Minst and crawls toward the Wax wall. The lip mumble until... ,,It is here,'' says Guile pointing at a small half circle near the bottom of the wall at the center of the hall. ''The canyon is here. The canyon you call Westmore Canyon is here.'' He points at a etching that carves to peaks to the floor.

Minst place his thumb tip between the canyon and the Lyno. He looks to the ceiling seeing hundreds of thumb lengths to teh ceiling.

Moans and screams rise then peak from a door behind.

Myst holds a smile while Minst stares. ,,How?'' He sits and sips from the carafe.

The forests, fields and needle point wide roads wind and curver through hills, holes, forests, rivers to the top of the wall.  

Minst points to the top, ,,That would be Set.'' Then he points to the end of the hall. ''That's Wane.'' He stumbles back.`

A door slams open. A woman half dressed in furs and armor fidgets with strap to the chest plate as she walks the hall. Sweat and poop smell fume from her path.

,,Looking for some relaxation, Haste,'' says a voice from the room with door open.

Myst sips on wine letting the flavor and fuzziness numb the song in mind as the song become a lullybye. She stumbles, says, ,,Guile, could be a while until...'' She blushes and smiles.

Guile stares at the wall with Minst.

Myst shurgs and taps on her drum to give embassis to her, ,,No.'' Then she begins to tap the drum with each sylable. ''We. Stand. We. Plan. We. Plot. An. Im-poss-iblejour-ney. We. Are. In. A. Hur-ry.''

Guile and Minst look over the map tracing fingers over the forests the are round like tops of trees, trails that are needle point wide, rivers that wind and are neele head winde to the top to a flat dipp in the wall. The flat dip in the wall spreads along the top then fades to forests, fields and hills.

Minst points to the top. ,,The desert.'' He steps back and grabs the carafe.

Guile points to a small circle with small squares surrounding near the edge of the desert. ,,That is the tower.''

Myst's hands roll over drum. ,,Our map!''

,,It could be a map,'' says Guile.

,,Don't you believe this is it?'' says Minst.

Guile rises on tips of toes, reaches and puts finger on the relief carving of the tower and the surrounding town. ,,I have not trust.''

,,I need to long scroll then I can use some of the coal I got form the Rose Wizards to create a map,'' says Myst.

,,Coal might have a scroll long enough scroll,'' says Myst. She grabs and pulls the carafe from Minst grasp and swigs wine. The she sways with walk along the all to the corner with the door to the stairs and the door into the corner room of Shake. ''I'll be on the roof.''

Minst takes off back and shuffles through the components to pull out a piece of paper. 

Guile traces a trail from the tower to the craving of Lyno.

Minst takes out a shave piece of coal as Guile begins to mumble and translate the names from dwarvish to sufrace talk and as Myst walks the spiral stairs to the room.

Myst steps from the stairs to the roof.

Cold covers her body and freezes the sweat. The bright blue light illuminates the white rock spread over the roof. The white rock spread
to edges and under Jan.

Myst feet shuffle over the rock dragging feet and grinding rock to wards Jan.

Jan hears the foot falls and says, ,,Hello, Myst.''

Myst walks and sits at one of the benches. The fuzzy feeling of freedom in mind causes the world to sway and tip. ,,Jan!'' says Minst. ''Connecting with everything?''

Jan sits  and stretches forward. ,,I have connected to things that wanted to be attached.''

,,How you a path to travel?'' Myst takes a sip from the carafe.

Jan stands. ,,Set is the feeling flow of the energy.''

Jan's cloak flutters with a gust around the angles. A slight part spreads showing Jan's part of breasts. She standds and looksat the mountian rising to the sky that narrows to a V at the canyon.  AS if pulled by awe, Jan steps toward the mountian.

Myst follows and says, ,,Kirra is with Spear and William.'' She looks at the sky then makes a circle while looking at the sky. ''Their time gone is unknown.

They stand at the edge of the buildin agains the walk that rises to Jan's waist.

Below, people stand by shanty stands, rugs spread with necklaces and earings, carts with hanging meats and vegetables, leantoes with pelts hanging around the rim. Small whiffs of smoke spread and fade cinimon, sage, citrus and murr. A few muddy face look at Jan and Myst.

Myst and jan follow the people and stands, tables, racks along the way and peer to the distance.

In the distance, Kirra runs between people holding sword and knife.

,,Do you see what I see?'' says Myst.

,,Yes,'' says Jan.
