,,WILLIAM,'' shouts Spear.  Spear grabs braick and tosses them behind on to the gew of shadows soldiers.

Kirra steps to the pile and grabse a brick and a borard the loos around the tunnel.

The tunnel has mud brick walls, a sand stone floor and a wooden ceiling. Wood beams rise and press against the warped, bowed, broke wood board ceiling. The ground is smooth with cracks and chips broken.  The tunnel is caved in near where the pack stands. 

The cave-in spans a few leaps and rises forom the floor to the ceiling like pouring from an hour glass. Wood beams and flat boards stick from broken mud brick and some sand fill the hall and the hole one top.

The cove-in pile spreads along the walls and a slope of mud brick that Spear kicked while smashing a Shadow Soldiers against the wall.

Spear grabs and tosses mud brick, and the cave-in pile slides and shifts. A piece of mud brick rolls down the pile as Spear grabs more.

Kirra grabs a few bricks and looks at the ceiling.

The wood boards above bend, and a few are cracked.

Spear shouts ''WILLIAM, MYST!''

,,Hear a song,'' says Guile. He grabs head and steps back. He presses skull to pressed his force into hsis mind and calom the head oain of too much thought. He hears a song with a slow slteady deep drum and a strum of guitar hitting all the cords slow and low. He feels humss that tickle the body. He feels moans that show a source of song in the pile. ''Hear it near. Pain of life. I...'' Guile stumbles and catches the wall. ''Where's Runtik?''

Spear shouts, ,,WILLIAM!'' Spear's shout hallers through dark halls by Guile, Kirra, dead soldier and to Runtik.

Runtik runs through the dark halls from a dead cleric and a zombie trapped in a pit. She strides to shouts of Spear and a few knocks of mud brick. She hears the inter secting halls as she runs with sound and a mind map through the lanes of halls leading to the shout and Spear. She steps and slows walk.

Kirra says, ,,Need llght.'' She tosses mud brick.

Runtik inhales. Her lungs expand. A force gathers in chest. She exhales, and the energy flows through her neck. She feels the force to her eyes then opens her eyes.

Light shines from Runtik's eyes.

,,Shine to ceiling,'' say Kirra.

Light iluuminates broken mud brick and boards slopping to a small hole in the ceiling.

Boards back and a few ar missing from the ceiling above. A few bricks stick around a hole.

Spear steps up the slope of the pile and toses bricsk blindly behind ino ont spot.

Guile says, ,,The song.'' He sits and rubs the skull and rubs away pains as ear listesn to the song of Reighn sung from a force inside mind. Guile leans against wall ands teps back thirty feet then slides down wall to sit and press mind. He sees the blurred shine of Runtik's eye light.

Runtik stands and says with a calm deep voice. ,,The ceiling will fall.''

,,Fall it will,'' says Kirra,'' says Kirra. She grabs mud bricks and beings to toss behind. ''We die as a pack.''

Runtik steps to the slope. Her eyes shines along the bricks. She picks mud bricks and tosse them beind.

The mud brick is pulled and tossed. It slides and settles.

The three quicks pull and throw mud bricks and boards. 

A board cracks a leap behind under where the pile rises. 

Kirra and Runtik stop for a glance while Spear tosses bricks.

The bricks shift and slide, settles. Dust falls. 

A hole spreads at the pack's feet. 

Spear shouts. ,,GUILE, YOU HEAR.''

Guile presses hands against the ears to press away the ring in mind playing with the stringss, drums and hums of a song of Reighn of Myst. His palms numb the ring pains and focus his sight on sight. ,,YES,'' he shouts. Tears run from his eyes. His face tenses.

Runtik shouts, ,,WHERE ARE THEY, GUILE? ARE WE NEAR?''

Strings like gentle pucks that vibrate with a slow boom of drum and while whistle of lips play song through Guile's mind.

Guile finds a place free of pain in the harmonry that swirls around and leads him through a plane between prime and shadow through the hall.  

Guile presses eyes to press away and ache shuttering through skull. He feels his mind slip from skul and flow thorugh hall like body taking flight. The feeling follows the sounds of the whistle between Kirra and Runtik into the brick. In the brick the feel spreads and swirls. 

,,Dig,'' says Guile. He coughs dust and shouts. ''DIG DOWN.''

Spear falls to all fours of his hybrid wererat form and leaps over the hold and climbes near top of the ceiling.

Near the top of the ceiling boards bow and dust sprinkles as the mud bricks shift under Spear's weight.

Spear hunches lows. He squeaks. ,,Move from the path. Rocks will fly.''

Runtik and Kirra pull a couple of mud bricks and step back tossing aside the bricks and steping back.

A bit of dust falls froma boad. The boards creak.

Spear says, ,,I...'' He thick rear thights flex. ''I dig.'' 

Spear's front paws scoop bits of mud brick and cuchks aof cieling boards and pusens, throws the brick and bits between read legs.

Bricks fly and fall near the feet of Runtik and Kirra, and a pile rises.

The pile rises and a hole appaers.

The song Guile hears plays loud and deep.

Guile said louds, ,,I HEAR...'''

The sound plays in his mind like a band playing next to his ear. 

A creak cracks the hall. 

A slide of rocks slips around Spears fronto paws.

Spear's paws grab and dick a hole fitting halk his body.

The hole tunnels near the top of the slight near the top of the hole where the mud brik clath. Bricks slips and dust springs.

A board brakes above Spear, and a mud brick tumples down and hit Spear.

Spear doesn't feel. He scoops and digs, digs, diges...

Form the light from Runtik's eye and the night sight of gray, Spear sees a brick mound.

Spear's claws dig and toss and hs burrows in. His claws hit bricks that do not move.

Spear swipes a couple times at the picles of bricks. 

The bricks hold still in their mound of clutered form.

,,Spear,'' says Runtik . ''You burrowing deep into the rock is shaking the base.''

,,Hurry, Spear,'' says Kirra. 

A few bricks falls. 

Spear's paws pushes and pull and dig around bricks.

A pile of bricks fall on his paw.

He pulls paw and pulls out the brisk and hits a solid holding wall of object bricks. His claws click.

Then with a flash and a song, The head and shoulders appear where the mud bricks pile was seen.

William and Myst bodies shimmer colors as ploy phonic tone sing through the hall

The sounds through the hall sing with the sounds in Guile's mind. 

Guile releases the thought of song. Dull throb pain pumps from his mind as he falls against wall and breathes. His eyes stare at the pack Guile lays back, coughs. Cough spreads pain as Guile begins to seek a maze of thought through the ong singing through the hall.

Only the hums and whisltes then a few lyrics sing through the hall with the beat of drum and strum of guitar felt and head by Guile.

William sings, ,,...And we see. All will be. Away and free. Help us sing to all.''

Myst sings. ,,And we ill call. Help from all. Please don't stall. Our way to walk free...''

Their voices flow to hums and a whistle.

Spear digs fieeling only the his claws scrrap and break aagains the mud brick. He jam body in horizontal hole, a short tunnel.

the Shrot tunnel is the lenght of spear and at the end both Myst and Willima's heads stick

Spear pushes body in hole and back against the mud brick ceiling. His back presses against brick. His fore paws dig around the heads of William and Myst. 

Bricks fly.

Kirra steps up the slop, and Runtik follows. 

Mud brick bits and wood chunks fly between the legs of Spear, from the hols and down the slop.

The pile shifts.

A few mud bricks tumble from the top of the pile and the hole above. 

The mud brick around William and Myst are dug out to their shoulders.

William and Myst hold the the other. 

William presses his eyes closed and hums a continues hum with Myst's bird whistle.

Spear shouts louder than the hum and whistle. ,,KIRRA. CRAWL IN AND PULL DIG!''

William blinks eyes and looks around.

Kirra crawls in hole and wiggles under Spear and the rock mud floor. ,,WILLIAM!'' she shouts.

Willam stops singing and blinks eyes. He smacks mouth and breathes coughs.

Myst coughs. ,,Kirra.

,,KIRRA,'' shouts William.

Kirra pulls on William shoulders and looks at Myst. ,,We get your out.''

Spear braces shoulders and arms. His squeek voice pireces. ,,I dig more.''

Kirra reaches past William and pulls on Myst and feels around the two feels the mud brick by their elbows. ,,Can move?''

,,NO,'' shouts William. 

,,Dig under hind legs. dig down. I hold,'' says Spear.

Runtik climbes the slop and says, ,,I WILL WATCH HALL.'' She glances above at the cracking boards and falling dust.

Kirra grunts, ,,Go...'' She pulls and pushs bricka around Kirra and Myst.

The mud brick above Sppear shifts as his paws slip slight down the growing hole.

Kirra dicksts and frees Myst and Kirra to waist. Kirra shouts. ,,WILLIAM. WIGGLE AND MOVE!''

,,Go...Get Myst before you pull me free from this hole,'' say William. 

,,You move. She moves.'' Kirra pulls. ''WIGGLE NAD MOVE.''

William kicks and pulls legs fre from rocks. 

Kirra helps drag him under Spear and between Spear's long hind legs and from the hole tunnel.

The mud brick slips and piles arond Myst.

William tumbles from piles and scurries next to Kirra's feet sticking from hole.  ,,I will help with this...''

KIrra grabs Myst. 

Myst kicks and plls a foot free. KIrra pulls on Myst put can't pull foot free.

Kirra shouts. ,,PULL FEET WILLIAM!'' He latches arms around around chest and unders her arms.

William clasps and pulls.

Kirra scrapes agasint bricks and the fur of Spear's underbelly. 

Myst slides and pops form hole and scrpes agains mud brick and Spear's fur.

The mud brick beneath Spears forepaws slips and slides. 

Spear slids. His hold breaks. He falls into the hole.

The mud brick and cave-in above Spear falls and on top of Spear and covers and fills the hole.

