Runtik pulls back the Silent rug and lifts the hatch.

The hatch opens to darkness. 

Cool air blows thick fumes of Soldiers Spirits filling smuggling room. The buzz vibrating through mouth and nose with inhale cools and clams. The cool spreads through the darkness. The cool dries sweat.

All sweat. Drops of sweat bead on Guile's forehead and drip from nose and chin. Spear wipes film of sweat from forehead. Sweat drops into the dark hole beyond the open hatch.

The pack stands in darkness. William, Spear, Kirra, Myst and Guile. All feel a buzz vibrate through veins. The beat of heat sooths the buzz and quicken's the hearts pace. Their heart beats thump chest and pound with quick breathes. 

The pack slightly shakes feeling a surge of addreline spread with the cool and the dark and the unknown.

The shake enters their mind and molds a mind of greatness, of confidence. 

Guile sniffs and puts hand over mouth as he holds lungs to cough away tickle in throat.

Myst humms. Her hums flows from her dark and silent mind as her body feels colors shift over her being. The buzz thorugh her body speeds the song and the hums.

The hums flows through the dark.

William hears the guitar strings strum slow and steady the song of Reighn resonating after meditation and feeling one with Reighns Chorus. His song goes silent as he hears Myst's hum. He  says, ,,We step close to Myst and be hear only by us as we follow Runtik through the halls.'' He wipes forehead. 

Guile hacks and coughs and spits gray spit. ,,Good. Cough a lot.'' He smiles and wipes back his few strands of hair. ''Go first, William. You swing sword better than body takes a blade.''

,,Runtik leads,'' says Kirra. ''I follows. Myst and Guile. William after. Spear behind. Trail a bit.'' Sweat drips from her nose.

Spear flexes and stesp near the edge grabbing the the hatch with a flexing hand. His hand brushes on Runtik's hand as she pulls her hand free. He feels energy flow from Runtik and through his body pumping pulse ot throb the crotch. He snarles and sweats.

Sweat drops and fumes float.'

Runtik drops through the hatch and lands with out noise of sight. She stands hand her hight into the room. ,,How far may I walk walk and not blessed by this silence.''

Myst hums with Williams talk. 

William says fast. ,,A few leaps you may walk. When you no longer hear her hum, you will no longer be silent and will no longer hear the song unless she begins that song again. YOu...You remain close.'' He pulls sword from sheath.

Runtik steps down the pile without slipping stone and stands at base and the hall.

Darkness spans around. 

Runtik's dark sight that sees dim light even in dark sees three empyt halls until the dark she steps to her Wax and along the hall not traveled.

Kirra follows Runtik as Guile lowers and stumbles over the looks mud bricks.

Myst follows without mistep seeing the what the song shows.

William lowers, steps. Feet slip. Knee locks. He falls and slaps the ground. Armor clashes and scraps, and long sword slides voer the ground. 

Spear leaps and skips down the brick slide. with sword out.

William stands. 

Runtik says, ,,We caste no light. I see to point-blank range. Spear you see the dark.''

,,I see pointblank.'' Spear looks behind. 

Guile snorts. ,,See same Spaer.'' He clears through as he follows a maze through flashing adn pulsing senations flowing through body. His body tingles and tickles then flows with waves of numb that feel like he floats away with fumes.

William grabs his back. ,,Myst sees. I have...If...He put hand inside blind.'' He feels warsp, a dagger, a few coins, wraps of leaves that crunch to flakes.'' He pulls out a tube with wrapped cloth. ''Hern's Glasses.'' He pulls the glasses from the wrap and puts them over eyes.

To William, colors out line the pack and the coreners of the wals as it meets between the floors, walls and ceiling.

Runtiks stands. ,,We travel quick. They see us. We run until I say fight.'' She looks at the pack.

The pack stands. 

She steps. 

Kirra says, ,,Fight when attacked.''

Runtik steps and wides strides through the hall. 

The pack follows. 

Mud bricke halls rises and lowers to a crouch. It leans and slopes to the side. A few rats run past and slip into holes. A few board reset in the middle causing all to crouch. 

Kirra follows foot prints of many follow the hall. A few large paw print scrapt the sand. ,,

Runtik points to one point and says, ,,You duck,'' as stesp aways. 

The pack runs. Sweat drips, and Guile coughs.

The path spreads to their Rise, Was and Wane. Wood boards like a side walk lead Wax and Rise.

Foot and paw prints walk all three directions. From the Wane and Rise, foot prints walk toward the pack.

Kirra says, ,,They search.''

Breathes heaves. Spear and William shrug shoulders and nod head back.

They run Wane over sand stone ground. PIles of mud brinks lays same in piles. Broken boards and bent wood braches hole the ceiling from touching the ground.

Runtik slows and hits knees and crawls.

The ceiling lowers. Bowed wood boards and a few mub bricks scrape Spear's back.

The Runtik stops. 

Kirra sees a wire spanning across the small tunnel.

Guile sneezes. 

Spear looks back.

,,Foot prints beyond,'' says Kirra.

,,I see no foot prints or paws. There are no markings in the dust.'' Runtik looks back. ''It is a Branching Trap. You move back.''

Runtik's vibrating mind hones time to feel to stop as a beed os ssweat falls from nose. She sees dark shades of the all and floor and a dark gray line of string.

The string spands from a gap between two mud bricks on one side, and a gab between two bricks on the other side. The string is taut like a guitar string and as thick as a guitar sting.

Runtik peers.

Kirra pulls on her shoulders. ,,Fake. Not anything. What could that be?''

Spear sweats and rubs and tabs the hilt of his war hammer. He fondles a dagger hilt. ,,We need to move.''

William shifts in his arrm and findgets with a strabe and stutters a hum. ,,We should consider moving from here soon as I feel as unsafe as Spear waiting here for...''

,,You calm,'' says Runtik. ''You are talking like you are consumed with haste.''

Guile snorts and rubs tickle on nose and spreads snott, ,,Sound like Shake.''

,,The fumes,'' says Runtik. She peers at the brickes and looks around the edge of the two bricks holding one side.

Kirra slikdes and looks at the foot brints and paw prints along the sandstone floor.

Faint outlines of knee and hand prints drag way from the wired. At the edges between floor and wall, no sand piles. ,,Been swept. The trail hid.''

Runtik glances, nods. She inhales stopping the vibration through her and exhales away the vibrations. She peers.

A thin gab spans between the two bricks pressing agains the wire. The wire is cleen of dust. 

,,Set trap and cover trial?'' says Kirra.

,,Where are we going to get moving again/'' says William.

Spear slides hand from dagger and grabs the war hammer. ,,I go...''

Willaim says, ,,You will not be silent if you continue to crawl from Myst and you will be heard.''

Spear crawls, says, ,,I be silent.'' With a bit of humor. ''Wood not as loud as steel. Don't trust the path.''

Guile rubs his nose trying to rub out a tingle. The tingle spreads over cheek. Guile rubs. ,,Move now. Go through. Runtik go beyond. use mind to go beyond.'' He grabs a bit of rock. ''Throw.''

Kirra grabs a pebble and throws it beyond as Spear stesp from the song of Myst.

Myst sits and sings hearing nothing, seeing all, and feeling the buzz vibrate and shake awake her heart. 

Heart thumps with the hum of Myst.

Spear pulls from tunnels, steps twice, and the hum of Myst fades to silence. 

Runtik glances back as Spear steps from her sight range. She glares at Kirra. ,,You leave the tunnel. I pull trap.''

Kirra smirks and loks from wire and the mud bricks. ,,Pull trap or escape or trap us.''

,,I pull the trap,'' says Runtik. ''You out.''

Guile rolls and scuffles to hands and knees and shuffles along the short tunnel.

William says, ,,I will stay for any damage done to this tunnel as we must remain-''

,,Move!'' says Runtik.

Kirra pushies back and rolls to know and hands and pushes agains Myst and looks at Wiliam. ,,MOVE!''

William grabs arm and pushes on Myst. Kirra crawls to Myst.

Myst sits in tunnel and sings a hum to a whistle and pounds fist on the ground. Her whistle sings with the lyrics. ,,Magic be felt an enchantment in our encampment.'' Her head reachs for Runtik.

Runtik pulls away.

Myst sings. ,,It be an illusion for only the sight to see. The magic spreads as an alarm rings.'' Her words blow into a stream over the string and blow away the cord ands sand as their particals of illusion blow from sight.

Aling the tunnel trail from where the string span, knee and hand prints scrape trails.

,,Trap,'' says Kirra.

,,Diversion,'' say Runtik.

Willima pushes and crawls. ,,Spear.''

Myst's hum vibrates silense her whistle blows then lips speak. ,,In the song of rieghn let me us know who is alarmed and seen.'' In her mind a songs starts as Kirra pushes past and Runtik follows.

Their noise travels along the tunnel, the hall to Spear.

Spear holds war hammer in on hand and stands at intersection. The hall spiits along a wood walkway of mud brick and sand stone floor.

A small dot of light appears. The light shines like a ring along the hall a long bow shot away.

Spear runs at the tiny dot shooting through air. He feels the glow of magic prickling his body. He shouts. ,,MAGIC.''

The rage of Spear shouts through halls and is heard by all.

All hear the shout. William and Kirra grips swords and run. 

Myst cups hands over mouth and kicks foot at dusts as she says a low to loud tone of ,,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.'' He slaps her stomah like a shot drum. standing  from the tunnel and the space. 

Willaim hears the sound and feels a flow touch his mind and starta a tune with Lyric of. ,,Blasting burxging flames blow through the halls and suck all the air whih llf.

,,NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOO!'' sings Myst

The song isngs beyond the talls ant through the branches aad af halls. 

Spear ducks under the pea sized balll shooting past. He grips the war hammer aof the Rose warrios and tosses the war hammar along the halll as he pulls bastard sword from sheath on back.

The war hammar flies forward through the hall. Spear follows.

Behind spear, the pea sizes light grows to a  fist sized gall of fire into the cone of sounds and at Kirra and William.

Kirra and William run after Spear's road. They ssee the big ball of firest.

Then a burst. Light and fire shine, fash and singe. Then hte wind from the sound blows around and sucks the fire away.

The fire light castes dark to light for Spear to see a large group of beings with shortsowrd and small shields. Shadow warriors stretch through the dark at Spear.

Worg barks shout through the halls.

Worg barks and click the gobiln the goblin speak telling each other of the fight and the amounts.

Four worgs run into tunnel toward Runtick.

Runtik crawls from tunnel after William. She kicks the boards across the roof of the tunnel and the boards holding the ceiling. She shouts. Run striaght.

worgs barks yap and shout.

Spear runs not striaght, but along the hall to the Wax Runtik.

Spear follows his war hammer, and his warhammar files and slaps the face of a soldier's face.

The soldier falls flat. a few soldiers stumble.

Soldiers rush past shoulders to should, two wide, along the mud brick walled hall. Shadow soliders stretch to spear and Kirra and William.

Spear swings sword through shadow warriors. Sword slows and slices through. Swords swings back and spear steps to the aide with back agains wall.

William punches into the shadow blob. The blob spants and drips shadow. Whails of noise spreads.

Guile hears the wail of worgs. He hears the thump of warhammer. He feels the thoughts and beings runshing along hall. He feels the cold of the dark shadow and the itch felt when the black ooze touches him. He sees a low maon through body into mind. The mind spans, and he walks to the hall where Kirra, Spear and William run.

Myst follows and stands at the intersection of the three halls. Her hands press over her mouth and the tone. ,,,,,Ouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuues uuuuuuuuuuuuuu...''   The song blows through the hall. The song blows and swirls and sing the dust from the walls and floor.

Sand blows through the halls at the backs of Kirra and Spear and William. Particles cut and shoot through the shadows soldiers. Sand swirls around Spear, William andKirra.

Shadow soldiers swipe claws and bits, stab and kick. One scratches Spear. One grabbles Kirra. Two cover William and grab his steel hand and pull.

Sand blows along the hall. 

Soldiers charge with small shields raises to faces. 

Worg bark talk quiets through the wind. 

Worg's bark through the tunnel away from Myst and close to Runtik.

runtik pounds and kicks at the boards.  Two boards break, and a few bricks faal. 

Guile glances back as he run toward Myst. He sees Runtik break boards. He looks fowarard and feels a low moans spreads. A feeling of fear flows through his mind. Guile steps to Myst. He sees beyond Myst, along the same hall a ground a light flicker.

A light flickers and pops along the hall beyond Myst.

A lighting bolt shoots along hall. Its flash illuminates warriors and robes running along the hall to Myst's Wane. From the want the lighthing bolt
strikes Myst.

Myst glows a bright whites. She glows to dark. She stumbles, but hold her hands to her mouth and sing sand hout of sand. Myst's voice deepends lows and slows. 

The mud brinks shakes and slides. Bits of sand blowsf rom flow and ceiling and shoot throug hthe hsadows and through the hall. 

Shadow soldiers scream and shout the claw at skin.

William slams steel fist against wall hitting shadow soldiers agains the wall. Then punches another shadow soldiers.

Spear cuts shadow soldiers in half and charges along hall. 

Kirra slices through shadow soldiers with silver blade.

And the shaowd soldier's body flows and oozes. Smoke raises and blows with the sand cone.

Spear, William and Kirra feel the pushes of the wind, but not the sting. It floats around as they charge the hall.

Along the distant hall, Runtik breaks three boards, steps and shouts. ,,YOU RUN MYST'S WANE?'' She runs after Guile.

Boards break, and mud bricks slides and crashes behine Runtink. 

Barks become whelps silences by falling brick. Dust billows and Runtik runs by Giule.

Guile sniffs and feels his body vibrate and a moan spread. He walks stead toward Myst.

Myst sings, and the cone of wind blows a song like a Waterdown opera singer hitting the final note of the show. 

The song spreads and blows away the shadow sodliers. The black body puff to smoke and ooze.

Spear runs swinging bastard sword and two soldiers. The swords slices the head from one and cuts of chest of another. Spear bashes into a third. 

Kirra step behind and beside Spear stabbing the soldiers slashed and cutting the head off another.

Then the is light! Bright light shines from behind a group of warriors rushing along the hall toward, Spear, William and Kirra.

Runtik shouts, ,,We rund for the song and along the hall.''

A few bolts hit the fllor before Runtik. She runs along wall. 

Myst steops from Runtik's path and from the intersection. Her hands hold the rim of her drum. One palm taps the inside. Her tone lowers and sways. Her sound feels to spread and span arond the pack the hall and the soldiers running with shadows soldirs and people and bloack and white ropes.

A shine shimmers before Spear and Kirra as a small pea flame fires like a rock from a sling.

The peas sized flame explosed into a ball of fire that spreads along the hall shooting against a shimmer, blowing around and burning Kirra and Spear. 

A soldiers tabs Spear with shorts sword and another kicks in his head, once twices.

Fire scrots Kirra' hair and face as she ducks and rolls back taking covers. 

Boards along the size of tunnel and along the ceiling burn. Dust and bits of brick fall.

A swords tip cut Kirra's hands.

Smokes hangs.

Runtik shouts ,,WE RUN TO THE SONG!''

William hears, but leaps away from Runtik's song and punches the jaw off one sodlier while stabbing another ins the neck as a nother leaps at William. And William grabs and pulls the soldiers over Spear as Spear lay.

Spear reaches and grabs his war hammare and swings side to side and wide as he back steps along hall.

Kirra raises boows and shoots arrrows between the timing of his swings. Her feet fall firm and back twoward the song of Rieghn.

William sings with Myst's song of Rieghn. ,,We will rattle you brians! We will bash your brains. And the will burn down in the flamesss... We fight for the rieghn of these halls with no names!''

The song spreads, and few shadow solders fall to there shadow kneeds.

Fire spreads over head. A few brinks fall. Smoke spreds.

Guile coughs and steps his way across the intersection along the hall and after Runtik, but pauses by Myst.

Myst stands and hums says sounds that nearly sound like words, but talk or mumble to ther sounds. Her hands spreads, kneels and presses palms to the ground. Her lips hold a whistel and throad maons. 

The moan flows through the walls.

The floor and the walls moan.

A moan Guile's mind is more deep and like a troll. He shouts with the mind adn he dukes agains the wall and stares along the dark hall ending with a light moving fast along the walls and ceiling. He grabs his heart dagger. 

An echo of work growls, clicks and clacks and a chan to bin clutter his mind. 

Giiule stares along the hall and follow Runtik to the bright light flowing through the tunnel.

Bolts shoot from the light along the hall. One hits Runtik and two others fly by her head.  Three fly by Guile, and one hits Myst. Runtik feels light. She sees beyond the circle of light and the sihlouettes behind; and the worg barks around. 

A shimmer of black spanps before, and Runtik steps inside and dissappears.

Guile watches Runtik vanish, and he kneels. He sees Myst hist by bold. And he grabs his heart dagger pusheing himself as close to the wall as possible.

A bolt sticks into Myst's shoulder.

Myst song sing from one tone to another as she kneels and holds and pushes her mold through the sadd stone and the walls.

Walls shake and stone. The ground beeneath Myst shadkes and vibates. The vibrations rolls through the walls adn floor beyond dead soldirss and beyond Spear at the lead of the charge. At the lead of the charge, two warriors wearing full plate and swinging slong swords stab at Spear. One swords cuts Spears shoulder as Spear swings war hammer side to side.

The war hammer hits a sword from one warriors had hand hits the head of another warriors. One warror falls, whil the other warrior stepb back.

Two arrows fired by Kirra peierce the warriors chests. 

The warriorf falls to knee.

,,WE RETURN WITH THE CHORUS OF OUR SONG!'' sing William. ''A FEW MORE STEPS IT WON'T BE LONG!''

Kirra fires three shots between Spear and William. Shouts and thunks fall back. 

The floor vibrates. and shakes. Dust and bricks chips fall. 

Guile feesl and presses aains the wall. He covers head. He ears talking and chanting of goblins talk murmur through surface thoguhts echoed. He peers for Runtike but sees on the light moving close and closes to him and Myst.

Myst stands and press hands. A low deep moans escapes.

Dirt and sand rise from the floor a few leaps before William an Spear. The dirt wall slams agains the charred wood top.

Myst sings. ,,FOR OUR LIVES THE BRING HOLD IS UNDONE. FOR US IT IS TIME TO RUN.'' And Myst hums.

Dust sprinkles. A few boards crack.

Walls shakes. Rock falls, and dust bollows through the smoke.

From the dust, Spear, Kirrr and William run to Myst.

Spear and Kirra run by Myst and stand facing to flowing light.

Guile sits against wall and shouts through the ruchus. ,,Runtik to Rise. Bolts. DUCK!''

William steps to Myst and hums. 

Bolts shoot through the hall.   

The behonds William wall falls. Brick hits Williams head and Spear's shoulders.                                                

,.MOVE!'' Shouts Spear.

Kirra leads the shout and shoots arrows through the hall at sihlouttes while she runs toward the shilouettes.

Spear's feet pounds ground.

William pulls on Myst and sings, ,,WE RUN FOR THE DARK. AND LEAVE DEATH'S LARK OF CAVEN IN!'' He grabs and pulls the bolt from Myst's arm as he tugs and her shoulder. He rests his hand on Myst's arm. His hand warms.

The bolt shot in Myst's shoulder vibrates like a tuning fork and she runs with William through the hall. Her song hums from through showing a path of light.

William sees outlines of blurred lines thorugh a hall and a few people. The glasses on face slip. 

Guile sees William run pasts. He sneeze and hacks dust from mouth. He spits and stands and runs after Willliam and the pack. He hears the bark and goblins ticks of words talking. Guile shouts, ,,HEAR WORGS! AND SOLDIERS!''

Worgs talk goblin talk of pieces of their bodies they are going to eat. 

The talk of worgs with a few barks rage though the hall. 

Runtik appears behinda pack of worgs and a pack of chained shirt warrors running to her Set toward the pack. 

A bolt of lighting shoot, glows thorugh hall and slams Runtik in the chest.

Runtik falls. She grips daggers and hits the ground. She rolls over hte ground and against the wall, springs to feet and runs silent and low against the wall toward two people in robes. 

A shimmer spans the hall.

Runtik feels inside a hole and feels beyond the shimmer and the dark with a thought that spanes mind and makes the dark darker.

The dark darker spreads in a space before her. The image in her mind sees beyond a shimmer thorugh the hall to a place felt. The image in mind shines and glows as runtil steps into the dark darker hole.

Guile feels Runtik going through the dark darker hole as he sees distant thought talk through a vibrating residue of the Mind Trust purr.

The prurr feels to Guile through a golblintik thought. >...Wait! Wait. Wait. You wait. We wait. I wait. Soldiers stops. We wait. Soldiers hold. We wait. We wait.<

During the thoughts, a flash of white light illuminates worgs and soldiers.

Guile jogs after William and shouts. ,,WARRORS AND WORGS. WIZARDS COLLAPSE THE CEILING.''

Spear, Kirra, William and Myst hear. 

Dust billows and walls shake. 

KIrra rushes and shoots three arrows then hooks bow to back and grabs short swords.

Thee fmore arrows short. Myst and Kirra hear the arrows hit, a worg quelt and a body thump.

Myst sings like a buzzing bee with a chipr like a circket that raise and falls lie a swarm of cicadas singing in the swamp.

Her songs spans, an nats, flies and wingged ants fly from holes between mud brinck and cracked boards. Her song pulls ants and centeds, spiders and moths from the walls around as they swarm before.

Before the song gathers the swarm, Spear charges past Kirr and at two leaping worgs. He dodges one worg and slams hammer head agains another's head.

The worg falls dead.

Spear spins and throws war hammer at a chain shirted soldier.

the war hammer slams soldiers chest, breaks the soldier's chain mail, crushes the soldiers ribs.

The soldier falls.

Spear steps grabs warhammer and slams sholder into another soldiers.

The soldier falls.

Soldiers stab short swords at Spear. Two swords hit Spear's armor and nip and cut his hip.

A worg bites Spear's leg and shakes.

Spear roars.

The roar spans the hall and shakes with the falling rock and wall. Dust puffs, and the space behind feels to close.

William pushes Myst and pulls hand from her shoulder. CRusted blood flake from his hand as he grabs short swords. His steal guanlt pushes Myst aside as he rushes behind Kirra and charges into a pack of worgs. 

A worg leaps at William and bites his steel and breaks tooth.

As if by itself, the steel hand grabs the lower jaw of the worg and crush while William swings long sword at a leaping work.

The long swords stabs into the eye of the worg as if falls. William stumbles back and pulls longs sword from worg. 

William almost hits Myst.

Myst steps to the side and thrusts her amrs toward the walls and raises them above then slaps them before her.

Insects swarm through the soldiers. Nats, flies, moths, ants, wobbles fly past the warrios and along the halls. Centepeas, spiders, crickets ants flow from the walls to the song of Reighn singing through the hall beyond the soldirs and the fight and toward two robed beings.

Runtik hears the buzz of insect swarm as she steps for the float dark darker to the dark and two robe beings.

The two robed beind click and clack a pattern together. One holds hands against wall while the other presses palm on ground.

Ground virbates and tickles Runtiks's soul,  and she leaps at the being pressing palms on ground.

A force grabs and pulls Runtik away and backstk. Another hand wraps around Runtik face. 

The shadow soldiers wraps shadow body around Runtik.

Black oos seeps. The black ooze spreads over face and stings the mouth and noze. 

The purr inside Runtik's mind shakes. It feels to buzz with the buzz of instects.

A few wasps buzz around Myst and the chanting beings. A few ants crawl from cracks and over Runtik's feet as she kicks the ground.

Insects swarm over worgs and soldiers. They crawl unders leather armor and chained shirts. They waeve thorugh hairs. They bits and sting between the links of chain. The crawl under a breast plate of one soldiers.

The soldiers swing swords and bash shields. Seven press and jam thrhoguh the hall. Three steps behind the worgs and above Spear. Three short swords stab spears back. One slices and cuts. Two long swords read and slice at Spear as Spear roll. Two long swords hit Spear's wooden should plate.

Soldiers fidget and shift, and one falls on a worg.

The worgs freenze cratching and biting hide while taking snaps and claws swipes and Spear and Kirra. Their bits clench and chomp on Spear's foot, and Spear kickes the mouth away breaking a wog jaw. The pack of worgs push and shifts. Two leap and kIrra  as two run past.

Kirra spins and slices while duckin under a leaping worg and sticking her short sword into the mouth of a worg striking to bite. She slashes behind cutting the work leaping over her then she stabs at another worg rushing past toward Guile, Myst and William. 

The worg stabbed runs circles trying to bite and scratch the hundreds of bugs bitting skin.

The insects seep from the cracks of the walls and follow Myst's hum like a buzz through the hall and beyond the soldiers.

Guile shouts, ,,MOVE.''

Runtik hears the buzz of insect sworm at her. She hears Guile's shouts. She feels burn flow thorugh nose and ears. She twists and body and wiggles arm, slips and falls to ground. She rolls to stand and leaps the robs and instects floy around the face.

Around Runtik and the being pressing hands on walls, vibrates spread and shake the walks.

Guile senses Runtik by the robes and the thoughts of the spellcasters. Guile creates a thought from the purr flowing through body. His thought spans beyond the soldiers along the hall. He feels energy surg through a body not his own. He sees a worg.

A worg leaps at Guile, hits Guile.

Guile and the worg roll on the ground. 

The worg bites Guile's shoulders.

Guile presses hand against the worg as he pushes a moan from mind into the worgs. 

The troll death moans flows thorugh the worg mind. 

The worg's body falls dead on Guile.

William sees the worg faill on Guile, but holds stance before Myst.

William slashes at Worgs. His sword slashes throoat and stabs another ans his fist punshces studded leather soldiers. 

The worgs fall bleeding while the soldier falls back, and body slams foor at Spear's feet.

Spear rolls and swings war hammer bash head of one worg and breaking the leg of another as he stands roars a roar louder then the buzz of insects, the shaking walls or the bark or worgs. ,,YOUR SOUL IS MINE.'' He veins pop, and body appears to grows as he thrust at the soldiers.

The walls vibrate and shake. A swarm of wasps fly from cracks.

The crack spreads, and the boards above break and hand. sand pours through the hole. The hole spreads. Boards above crack.

Kirra slashs swords ain whirling circle cuting worg noses, ears and paws.

Three worgs fall bleeding and whining. One bites and scratches skin.

Myst steps slow with William as William rushes a soldiers attacking Spear's back with short sword.

The short sword attack on Spear's back stabs Spear's butt.

William swings sword and cuts the head from the soldiers stabbing spear then shoulder slams a soldiers next to Spear.

Insects swarm from the soldiers and the pack and through the hall.

Guile rolls and pushes the worg, and the worg falls, rolls. Guile stands and grabs the heart dagger and stabes the worg.

A rush of burning energy flows thorugh Guile as Giule flows with the rush and shouts, ,,WALL FALLS DOWN.'' He pushes on Myst's back.

The walls shake.

Three soldiers step back and run from the pack along the all through insects buzzing by heads and crunching under feat. A worg runs on three legs after the soldiers.

Spear roars. The roar scatters insects. The roar spreads a path through the insect swarm toward the running soldiers. 

Kirra says, ,,MYST. MOVE,'' as her hand flow fluid to sheath short swords and pull bow from back and an arrow from quiver. She stesp and notches the bow and fires arrow while stepping to a jog along hall.

The hall cracks. 

William grabs Myst. ,,We must go! NOW!'' 
 
Myst pulls from William and sings and steps. 

Guile shouts. ,,RUN. RUN MYST! RUN!'' He runs agains the wall feeling a few ants crawl on face. Dust and bits of sand brick hit his head. His buzza is banged away as a board slams his head. Guile stumbles and falls and slams the ground.

William stands, grabs shield and raises it above Myst. 

Bricks and dusts fall.

Myst stops her buzz hum wraps her arms around William and sings, ,,FOR REIGHN WE WILL BE ONE WITH ALL WE SEE!' She smiles. 

The ceiling collapses. It falls on top of William and Myst. It hits Guile and Kirra. It rages Spear.




