,,Kirra,'' says Spear.

Kirra lays on ground and stares through her blurred site eyes flutter and close. Head bops and drops and lifts with Kirra looking wide.

Dante steps from soldiers picking at food, eating and starring at Kirra and the spots of blood over the floor.

A few soldiers near Kirra look down and talk and reenact the fight with smiles and nods. 

The space from tables to soldiers fills with people, talk and smoke from the bacon.

The bacon, sweat, ale, sage and rosemary smells swirl and cover the tent.

A path leading to the limping Wilber fills to the large pavillions entrance.

Spear feels Dante step and stand to the left.

Dante says loud enough to be heard over the growing volume of talk and banter, ,,You fought well. Wilber was and is known for his fighting.'' He looks at Spear. ''Had it been a sword, Wilber would have walked with few scars.''

Spear looks at Kirra and hears her smile and gargle. 

A few soldeirs cheer and push at Spaer's back.

Kirra sits up and stare through the blurred soldiers stand and talk.

The ground sways and tips side to side. The walls pulse with the beat of head with pounding heart. The smoke stinks and clouds and chokes.

Dante says loud, ,,THERE IS A POST AND BENCH NEAR THE KEGS.''

Spear nods.

They bend and grab shoulders and underarms.

Kirra shakes shoulders. ,,NO.''

Soldiers pump and looks down, see Dante, tip head and step away.

Kirra sits on the floor. She fills her lip to be big and a numb hole where Wibler punched.

Sweat stings. Fist thobs. Wrist is burning still.

Blood, mud and sweat smear on cloths and ground.

Dante and Spear stand and stare. The look around.

Spear bends over. He shows Kirra her mug. ,,MEAD. OR ARE YOU HUNGRY FOR AN ALE.''

Kirra hears low tones of bass the peak to sounds similar to a coverd Spear mouth. Then she hears the talking and Spears' breath.

,,Mead,'' says Kirra. Her chest convuluse.

Blood spread and drips from mouth.

Spear grabs a hunk of meat and beands then steps through the soldiers, smoke and against smears of sweat, mud and blood.

Soldier's pass slapping Spear's back and nodding and raising bugs and can of ale and mead.

Spear glance back and sees the soldiers step in tight formation before Dante and Kirra.

Dante is on a knee. He looks at Kirra in the eyes. ,,CAN YOU SEE?''

Kirra shrugs and jerks head back.

,,CAN YOU STAND?'' says Dante.

Kirra leans and half rolls, pushes, lifts and gets on knees. She sways. She feels the numb pump agains the pain.

She stands and walks through blurred soldiers, who part, nod, raise mugs.

Dante steps behind.

Kirra steps and steps and steps not letting her head fall. Her shoulders nudge back and arms.

The soldiers steps back and raise mugs and cups.

A few drips of beer hit the floor.

The path parts to Spear with Kirra's mug.

Spear looks at Kirra.

The side of Kirra's face is black, blue and swollen. He lip is cut. Her eye is swollen shut and other brusied and near closed. Mud and blood stain skin in sweat and saliva streaks from face to neck lone. The studs of leather armor are coverd with spots and smear. Muds fills gaps between tips along arms and legs. Her hair, brading mass hangs matted from head top.

Spear steps to a bench near kegs and sits and drinks. ,,MEEEEEEEAD,'' he says. ''I WILL DRINK If YOU DO NOT.''

Kirra steps and sits on bench. Her back is striaght and head up. She grabs the mugs and drinks.

Spear leans back on a post, drinks, eats.

Dante grabs a mug from a stack of mugs in a keg. He fills it and walks to Kirra and Spear and stands.

They drink. Kirra sips and stares feeling the glow of pain. Spear sits and drinks. Dante looks from Spear to Kirra.

Soldiers pass.

They drink.

Dante nods and rises mugs.

They drink. 

Dante looks from Spear to Kirra.

They drink.

Kirra sees the blur.

They drink.

Spear finishes his ale and looks at the cup and chews his last morsel of food.

They drink.

Dante looks around the room. The smoke blows past. ,,ARE YOU NOT COLD?'' says Dante.

Spear says with a mouth full of food, ,,NO.''

Dante sips on Ale with Kirra's sip and rises cup to a few more soldiers passing.

Spear swallows.

,,HAVE YOU ALWAYS HAD A TOLERANCE TO FIGHT AGAINS THE COLD,'' say Dante.

,,WHAT?'' says Spear.

,,HOW?'' says Dante.

Spear stands. ,,I COULD BE I COULD BE A WERERAT.''

He walks to the kegs and passes a group of soldiers walking in formation and step. They stop behind Dante. The lead speaks by Dante's ear. 

Dante nods and steps to Spear. ,,William is going mad.''

,,Where's William and Myst,'' says Dante.

Spear hears the whisper of William spread from tent door along soldiers to Dante. Dante nods. Spear follows reply along the soldiers through the tent and to a group of soldiers. Spear splash mud and puddes between tents.

Spear steps left, right by the tent and like the wind through dimly lite tent alley.

Fames whip and stnap in wind gusts and pushes.

Spear pushes in to tent.

William splinters post and pounds it into ground with guantlet covered.

Tent top falls.   

Spear grabs post.  

William punches post down, down, down into the ground.

,,WILLIAM!'' Hollers Spear.

William looks up. He face streaks with mud blood. His eyes stare into Spear  His fist lifts. and face stares He looks like he was caught by a parent doing something wrong.

,,Ale, William,'' says Spear. ''Bacon.''

Sweat drips from William's nose. Cold wind blow sweat drop and steam of flesh. William breaths deeps. Face is red.

,,Bacon,'' he smiles. William steps and walks with spear. 

Spear steps and lowers the broken tent post to ground and leads William past the tent with Minst and Jan and Myst.

William's foot lifts to step between the flaps the Spear grabs and tugs William's shoulder with the wind away then right then left.

Cold wind cool skin and freezes sweat, hardens mud and blood.

William's heat beat softens from a thump and drum beat like Myst walk though the snow covered forest. ,,Myst,'' says William. He looks back to the torch light.

,,She sleeps and calm,'' says Spear with the whistle of the wind.

William looks forward. He sees no Spear and see soldiers standing and looking and nodding and peering was William steps into the crowd. ,,Spear,'' says William. William step as parted path into the tent the fat smoke, the ale and meat sweat and laughter talk and whispers. He smells bacon flowing through the air.

Two halfing talk with two humans, and William can't help but glance to a star then look away when on of the halfing glances his stare. 

William wipes eyes from the stink of the tobacco cloud billowing around the bacon haze. He feels hunger pains squeeze and spread from stomach. He wipes eyes and blinks and hears Spear says, ''Forward.''

Soldiers part and step and glance. Two nod, but the other's look away.

William glenches fist and feels anger swell as boot slip on the mud toward Spear and Dante.

,,SPEAR, WHERE'S WILLIAM AND MYST,'' says Dante.

,,BEHIND YOU STANDS WILLIAM,'' says Spear feeling and seeing William walk into the tent.

William's rage spreads from fist to chest though body. Heart beats the rage through veins and finger tips. Then the body shivers from a swirl of cold.  William steps to Spear. ,,WHERE DID YOU GO, SPEAR?''

,,WHERE'S MYST,'' says Dante. ''FOR I WISH TO SING WITH HER A BALLAD OF PEACE!''

William looks at Soear, Spear looks at William. ,,THE TENT.'' William looks at Dante. ''THE TENT SLEEPING.''

William steps and looks trhough a barrel of mugs. He grabs and fills a wooden mug carved like a totem pole.

Dante and Spear watch and look at Willaim until he returns.

William coughs. ,,WHERE DID YOU GO, SPEAR?''

,,GO?''

,,YOU WERE LEADING THE YOU LEFT ME,'' says William with a sip to punctuate. William rubs arms and chesk feeling his cold skin.

Spear throws arm around Dante. ,,I'VE BEEN HERE TO WITNESS KIRRA's FIGHT.' He raises mug and nods a Kirra. "THE OTHER LEFT AS SHE SIT.'' 

Kirra raises a glass to one of the two Williams standing before her. Her grin causes her pain. Her heaad throbs and swims and flows through mead fuzz. 

Spear looks from Kirra and to William. ,,MYST RIP YOUR CLOTHS?''

William mud and blood matted tunic hangs open and showing his muscled chest and arms. He trouser are loose around hips with ties spread showing navel and hips. He leans close to Spear and says near ear. ,,I can't remember.''

Spear smiles until he sees William's stare and wide eye'd search of reason in a sighted world. He grabs William's should. ''I feel I have seen you punching a ten.'' He steps back and says, ''TALK FOR LATER. DRINK AND FOOD!''

Spear, Kirra and William eat and drink and drink and drink.

Soldiers toast and laugh and wrestle. They eat, the puke, they fight, the stumble from the tent and long the mud alley. The sit, then lay, then sleeps. 

Dante remains until the last is awake then takes his leave raising mug of ale to Spear and William sitting on  ground drinking together in solitude.

Kirra sleeps on bench with blurred dreams and spots of pain. 

Spear and Willaim sleep on the mud caked floor sweating spirits and remain as the final warriors in the tent standing on two feet.




