
Carlos turn the wheel on top of lantern. The sides swing open.

The light shines. The pool of acid the size of William's house.

The opposite end of acid pool touch the smooth cavern walls. Jagged lines of mud curve and trace gaps between flat rock. Mud lines zig and zag along the vertical wall and into the darkness.

,,Three eggs," says  William.

,,How big is this?" Minst steps from shore of acid pool. "I can't see the top." 

Carlos sings a middle G then an F. He snaps points index finger up.

A ball of light shoots from finger.

Carlos claps hands together and spreads them pulling the hands down and shaping them like a claw.

The ball of light flies up and up and up then explodes and separates into small balls of light arching to a peak near root covered ceiling the curving along wet roots curving up into mud then decend along the smooth mud and stone walls, the pool of acid and a crescent lake shoring wall too the center. The balls of white light leave a trail of light. The trails of light exand and illumnate the cavern. 

Minst looks at Carlos. ,,Wow," says Minst.

Spear looks around the cavern of smooth mud and rock walls. ,,It is big," says Spear looks at Carlos.  "Will the light warn the black dragon?"

,,Dragons do not need the light to see you," says Carlos.

Jan walks to the lake. ,,The lake is probably another."

,,From the swamp?" says William. William looks at Myst

Myst says, ,,It could be."

,,I believe an exit it be. Dragons lair with two exits." Carlos points to the tunnel behind. ,,That's one."

,,Buckey's not able to swim." Buckey clomps and nods to William. "And I am not able to swim."

Kirra walks from group to the lake. She kneels by the lake edge, touches finger tip to top of water. She cups her and scoops water then drinks water. ,,The water's is good. The taste is bad. Smells and tastes similar to the smell of rotted eggs."

Myst walks to the tunnel. 

The light castes deep into the tunnel then faded to black. ,,Maybe we should eat and rest." She turns and looks at the group. "We could rest in the tunnel."

,,Yes," says William. He points sword to the lake ane the pool of acid. "The tunnel will provide a better advantage point if the dragon comes from the lake." William walks from the pool of acid to Myst and to the wall. He walks along wall. Bone and scale slide and crunch beneath feet. "And if we rest to the side and the dragon enters through this tunnel we will be out of it's natural path." He stops and points sword tip around. "Shall we rest here?" He looks at Carlos. Then winks to Myst. 

Carlos nods.

Myst smiles.

Kirra nods and walks from lake. ,,And it will keep us away from the eggs." 

Minst walks from wall to William. Feet slide foot against scales, bones, rubble fragments. William and Myst drag a foot and clear scales, bones, rubble from wall. Kirra, Spear and Jan drag scales, bones, rubble with foot. They create a half circle  of smooth, but lump stone ground. The area large enough to all lay down on the lumpy stone ground.

Carlos walks to the clearing and sits in the center. He looks into the cavern then looks back into the dark tunnel. He pulls out a sack from his sash and set sack on the ground. He opens sack and pulls out apples and dried strips of beef. ,,Food. And rest.

The dust clouds around the edges settles.

Everyone stares at Carlos and the food.

Carlos looks at everyone. ,,Now or maybe never."

They step and sit by Carlos passing apples and pears and dried rasins and beef. They bite, chew and swallow looking at the tunnel, the cavern, the darkness.

Carlos pulls from sack a roll of fig. ,,Take chunks or cut with a blade," says Carlos. He pulls a bit of fig from rolls and puts it in mouth. He pulls out a book from sash and then spectalce case. He opens book, puts on spectacles, flips a few pages then moves index finger around page making humming sounds between chewing and making hand motions and arm poses.  

Minst shrugs and sits. He pulls sack form shoulder and over head. He open's sack and pulls out a small bag with  a small circluar object inside. He slides out the thin sheet of stiff leather and unfolds a book, and opens the book on lap.  He pulls fig from fig roll and takes an apple. He eats and reads book.

,,This feels bad," says William.

,,It's the fear caste by the dragon," says Myst. She looks at William's shoulder. A small cut of shirt shows a puss covered cut of skin. She presses on the wound.

,,OUCH," says William.

,,Infected," says Myst.

Jan sits agains the wall and open statchel. She pulls out a large leaf wrapped around the shape of a cube. She unwraps leaf reveail an clump of salve. She tosses the salve bar to Myst. "Rub this on your troll wounds. It cleans."

Myst catches the block of salve. She rubs it agasint William's shoulder.

,,That's stings," says Williams.

,,It is helping."

Myst rubs two more cuts of Williams. The gives the block of salve to Jan. ,,You are kind," says Myst.

Jan gives the block of savle to Kirra. ,,Please use the sacrfice of live inside the slab to easy you wounds," says says.

Myst still near Jan and lays down rubbing the bare skin of her missing eyebrows adn eye lashes. She closes her eyes and mumbles and smiles and frowns and talks.

Jan eats.  

Kirra rubs block of salve on forams and shins. She looks at two acid burns on hands. Then slides pack from back and sit with it to ground. She sets the salve on back, open quiver and checks for water, unrolls here bed roll wet wet with swamp then grabs rasins and some of the fig bar. ,,Thank you, Carlos."

Spear grabs the salve and rube a stiff corner against a long deep cut on foreleg. The blood dried deep in wound is open and pussh. He rubs deeps glenching jaw from the sting. He sits, sets sword on ground and back against tunnel wall and rubs leg and looks away at the lake.

Buckey drinks form the lake. He drinks and then rubs nose on rear.

William sits by Myst and looks at Buckey. He whispers, ,,Thank you," near Myst's head then pulls cloth and wet stone from back and pulls sword from scabbard then wipes and polishes and sharpen his sword. He grabs some fig. ,,You make this, Carlos."

Carlos focus on book and softly nods.

William eats fig adn says with full mouth, ,,Thanks." 

Spear taps William's shoulder and hold the salve by his shoulder. ,,Buckey."

William looks from sword to Myst to Buckey. He sets down wetstone and sword. ,,Yes." He grabs the salve. "Jan, may Buckey."

Jan swallows, says, ,,Yes." 

William stand and whistles. William  and Buckey meet by the tunnel entrance the walk near the ground. ,,I have something to help. But it will sting." 

Buckey clomps and whinneys.  

Spear rubs leg. ,,We need watch of the tunnel. Above."

William rubs Buckey's cuts and scraps with salve. ,,We can take watch up the tunnel. Make a signal to pass along.

Minst, not looking up from book, says, ,,Given time. A few more moments. Maybe a naps length." He looks at Spear and then to William. "Will need help completing."

,,William can help," says Spear. "Spells go wild when I near."

,,I can help," says Kirra.

Minst nods and reads books and moves hands. 

Carlos shuts his book and stetches arms.

Carlos poinst to the sack near Willaims pack. ,,What's in the sack, William?"

,,The items gathered from the table in the tree house," says William.

,,I know that," says Carlos. He reaches for the sack, grabs strap and drags it to him. "What is in the sack."

Spear, Kirra, Jan and Minst and Myst look at the sack. 

Carlos opens the sack and lifts its end. A rings, a necklace, a scroll case and shirt and pants fall to floor. 

One of the rings hits and rolls to Kirra, who slaps the ring to a stop.

Myst sits up. 

Carlos holds open palms before him, closes eyes, humms and low C then a middle B. 

The ring, necklace and shirt and pants glow then dim.

,,They're magical," says Carlos with eyes closed. He leans forward. "Weak, but...Magical."

,,What do they do?" says William.

Carlos grabs the ring. ,,This castes something. Some...Destruction." He sets the writing on the ground and picks up the necklace. "And this..." He rubs the gold links of the necklace that hang a tear drop pearl. "This protects the body." He grabs the pants and the shirt. "They are one." He opens eyes and looks at the shirt and pants. "I've seen these magical signature before. The wil change the form of the user."

,,Like an illusion," says William.

,,No," says Carlos. "No. Like a werewolf. Usually some thing that is a little
bigger or smaller." 

,,And the scroll tube," says Kirra. 

Carlos grabs the scroll tube. ,,Not magical." He holds each end close to eyes. "No traps." He twists lid of tube and hits the end.

Rolled pieces of paper falls to ground. The rolled paper rolls to four pieces of paper.

Carlos grabs the papers and unrolls each. ,,This one is a spell for..." He tosses the paper on Minst's book. Minst grabs the paper and looks up and at the paper. "This is. It's impressive." His eyes scan along the page. Turns mud to rock."

Spear lets out a ,,Umph." 

,,This appears to be." Carlos lifts up the paper. "A map." He stands and begins to walk around.

,,A map of what," says William.

Carlos pauses and looks up from the paper. ,,The canyon. The camps. With an x near a collection of camps to the North." He walks to William and holds out the paper. 

William grabs the map. He nods head. "So it is."

Carlos walks back to his sitting spot and sits.

Myst picks up the other two scrolls. ,,One of these is a prayer for...Insects."

Jan leans over to Myst and reaches hand out. ,,May I." 

Myst nods and give Jan the paper. 

Jan peers at the scroll. ,,Its a call for the guidance of insects. Lots of insects."

,,What about that one?" says Minst pointing at the lone scoll on floor.

Carlos picks up the scroll and tosses it on Minst's book.

Minst grabs it and unravels the scroll and spreads it open. ,,Teleport."

,,Magic only good for fighting." He grabs some dried beef and walks toward the lake.

Carlos grabs the scrolls and tosses them in the center on top the necklace, ring and shirt and pants. He looks up. ,,

William looks at Carlos. ,,A Bard wanting to throw the bones for magic items." He half smiles then face relaxes. "I am no longer a fool."

Carlos nods. ,,William, you're learning." He slaps William's shoulder.  "But I don't want any of this stuff." He lifts a bag from sash and hits the bottom. "But anyone can use my Bag of Bones."

William looks around the group. He looks at the magical items. ,,If there were armor or a weapon." He puts hand through scrolls and pulls out the necklace. "Maybe this but..." He tosses necklace pile. "

Carlos looks side to side. He throws the bag of bones before William. ,,It could protect your life."

Misnt pulls out a bag. ,,I have these." He sets them on ground, looks at book and picks up the small sphere.

,,Carlos, how do you split up after the roll?" says Kirra.

,,Highest to lowest until each are chosen," says Carlos.

Kirra slides open pack and slides out small pouch. ,,I have bones." 

A splash and ripple spread through lake. 

Spear swims into lake.

Jan pivots head side to side. ,,I don't gamble for there are no Fates."

Myst picks up the prayer scroll. She looks from eye to eye to eye. ,,Jan's deeper connection to the natural life will provide a great energy to be focused for this prayer."

Head nods.

Myst tosses prayer scroll to Myst. She picks up the two Spell Scrolls. She tosses them to Minst. ,,These are spells or powers that you command."

Carlos's bag of bones. ,,Play the bones."

Carlos grabs his bags of bones and stuffs it under sash. He stands. ,,No need for the bones." He walk way and into the darkes to the tunnels up and to the side. "I will go take watch."

Minst says, ,,I will be able to caste an alarm." He looks at book.  insa looks up from book. He looks from Myst, to Kirra, to William, to Jan. ,,Thank you." He puts down the small wrapped sphere and lifts the scrolls. "I." He reads the scroll. "I will use them to protect if needed." He rolls them together. He unclips a dagger sheeth from belt, twists off bottom. He hits bottom of sheeth.

A scroll falls to ground. He folds and rolls other scroll into a tube with the other scroll. He slips the scrolls in the sheath then twist the sheath bottom to the top. He looks up.

Everyone is looking at him.

Myst takes the map and the scroll tube and puts map in scroll tube, ahd she gives the scroll tube to William. ,,You know these parts best."

William nodes. ,,What about the rest?"  

Myst grabs Carlos's bag of bones. ,,Play the bones."

Carlos grabs his bags of bones and stuffs it under sash. He stands. ,,No need for the bones." He walk way and into the darkes to the tunnels up and to the side. "I will go take watch."

Minst says, ,,I will be able to caste an alarm." He looks at book.  

William, Kirra and Myst look at each other.

,,I don't like changing. And the last thing I need is a ring that causes damage." He picks up the necklace. 

,,The necklace is yours," says Kirra.

William looks at the necklace. He puts the necklace around head then neck. ,,I don't feel different."

,,You don't look different," says Myst.

Jan stands and walks to the pool of acid. 

,,The ring and the cloths," says Kirra. She looks up from the ring and the cloth and stares at Myst. "Lets roll the bones." She picks up her bag. "Unless there's something you want."

Myst looks at the ring then that the shirt and pants. She smiles. ,,It care not."

Kirra opens her bones bag. ,,The high roll of the ring. The lowest of the shirt and pants."  She tosses disk shaped coins     

Myst picks up Carlos's bag of bones. She pulls open the top. ,,The total of all the bones or the result of one."

Kirra nods. ,,One."

,,You like one," says Myst. "Me, too." 

,,Twenty sided?" says Kirra.

Myst nods.

They dump the bones on to the floor. 

Six dice dump from each small bag. Six dice with four sides, six sides, eight sides, ten sides, twelve sides and twenty side. Each dice carved from bone in the shapes of balanced and flat sides. 

The dice tumble and roll. 

Myst smiles. ,,TWENTY."

,,CRACK!" says Kirra. She grabs the bones and drops them in the bag.

Myst looks at Kirra.

Kirra looks at the pants and shirt. 

,,Twenty!" says Myst. She lifts up arms and looks around. Jan, William, Minst and Kirra look at Myst. She lowers her hand and picks up the ring. She holds the ring up. "This."

Kirra grabs the shirt and pants. She smiles, ,,This is what I wanted."

,,I know," says Myst.   

Kirra and Myst pick up the bones and put the back in the small bags. 

Myst picks up the ring and holds it. ,,I can't..." She holds it close to the light faded from the cavern. She stands and stares at the ring while walking to the lit cavern.

Myst picks up the ring. She lifts up near eye. ,,I don't have a ring. I always wanted a ring." She grabs and holds the ring in palm. "Now I have a magic ring."

Kirra nods. She winks at Myst, grabs the shirt and pants stands, and unties and fassens pant laces and snaps.

,,You going to put it on NOW!" say Myst. She lowers the ring.

Kirra's pants fall to the ground. ,,Yes." she steps from pants and to other pants. She slides their smooth cotton weave over legs. 

The cloths stretches and shrinks over her muscles ankles and tights. The waist snaps around skin. 

,,It's like...I feel naked," Kirra says. She pulls unlatches and ties her studded leather armor, then her leather tunic, then a cotton shirt.

The cotton shirt peels off her shin and plops to the ground.

She pulls the long sleeve shirt over her head adn shoulders and chest.

The long sleeved shirt shrinks and stretches around her hour glass body.

,,No ties or buttons," says Kirra. She dresses and fassens her leather and armor.

Myst stares at her ring then slips it in a pocket in the folds of her cloak.

Minst closes his book, collapses his book, folds the book and slides in under even mail slits. ,,Kirra." He stands holding the sphere object in palm. He points intot the darkness. "If we are going to remain. I'd like to set up an alarm."

,,Will it be loud?" says Kirra. 

,,Only to me," says Minst.

Kirra pulls and bows on a pants waist tie. She kicks pack against the wall and lifts her sword, nods and walks past into the darkness.

Myst watches Kirra and MInst walk into the darkness. She crawls and rolls on the ground against the wall. ,,Hi," she whispers. The star amulent glows then fades. She smiles and talks in mumbles until she snores.

Kirra leads Minst through the darkness.

Scales and bones crunch and shift beneath feel. The sounds pop echoes through darkness shades deepening with the darkness. Cool heatpatterns of smooth walls ripples and bumps to jagged surfaces.

The tunnel forkes left, right and forward.

,,How near," says Kirra.

,,I need to be close," says Minst.

Kirra sighs and nods head. She looks left down the tunnel.

A faint heat object illuminates against the cool tunnel walls.

,,Did Carlos walk this way?" says Kirra.

Minst looks to the tunnel before then left. ,,Yes. He was walking this direction.

Kirra raises a hand then says, ,,Carlos."

The body of heat blurs and grows larger. ,,Yes," says Carlos. He pulls on beard and looks at Minst and Kirra. "Water." He walks past. "Both tunnels lead to water." He stands looking into the tunnel to the illumincated dragon's lair.

,,We're going to set up an alarm," says Minst.

,,No," says Carlos. He yawns. "My yawn would give them alarm." He walks the darkness silenlty stepping away.

Kirra taps Minst's shoulder. ,,Come. We go. We return. We rest."

Minst nods and falls in step behind Kirra. They step around rocks and piles of bone and scales. They climb slow and silently on bolders and rocks. 

A slow dim light brightens as they ascend. 

Rocks and pebbles skip from rock to bolder to dirt resting between rocks or a pile of bone and scale. 

Grumbles, grunts and snorts fill the silence betwee the shadows and holes.

Minst taps Kirra on the heel. 

She looks back and shruggs. 

Minst climbs by her then above her. He stands on a flat bolder and inhales. He opens the small shperical bag removing an eye then he places the eye high above. He then circles hands in circles, raises arms then brings them low to waist. He inhales then exhales.

Kirra stands and watches the flickering dim light above. 

Minst steps by her. He poinst down and climbs.

The climb over rock and bolder and to the floor.

Carlos sits against the wall near their camp clearing. His back is arched with head over a book. ,,Did you caste the alarm?"

Minst nods and pulls out the thin sheet of his spell book and opens in up then props it open on lamb after sitting.

Kirra shrugs and walks by William and Buckey. 

William talks soft tones and words with long strokes of a Brush. A soft whiney putters from Buckey's lips.

Kirra walk across the smooth stone floor to the shore of the acid pool and to Jan crouched at the edge of the jan pool.

They stare at the three egg tops floating near the center of the acid pool. 

Jan's pupils stare upon the eggs. ,,The dragon should not be here. It is changing the evolution of the swamp."

,,The goblins?" says Kirra.

,,They should not be..." Jan shakes her head.

Spear bursts from the pond of water. Water splash and thrashes with the soft roar and shout of Spear.

A large snake wraps from Spear's head to Spear's feet.

Spears hands pry snake's mouth open.

A long tongue flickers and kisses the air. A spout of spit shoots up then fountains into the water.

Kirra runs from the acid pool to the small pond.

Spear pulls and pries apart the snake mouth.

The snake's bodies grips and squeezes.

Spear roars and pries apart the mouth.

A CRACK then soft snaps.

Kirra dives into the water and swims to Spear.

The snakes dead body contracts and pushes air from lungs. Blood pressure builds. A faint whisp of a scream slowly seeps from lungs.

Kirra grabs on the snake and pulls it from Spear's body.

The snakes limp head falls into the water. It's body relaxes and floats aaround Spear and Kirra.

Deep burning cools in the lungs of Spear as he inhales. He grabs the limb snake body and swims splashing to the pools shore.

,,You have a friend?" says Kirra.

,,I did," says Spear. He inhales and coughs, splash from pool and crawls to a lay with feet sunk into the water. Part of the limb snake lay by side. "Now we have food."

Kirra nods. ,,And is there a way out through the water."

Spear coughs and spits dark water from mouth. ,,If you can breathe mud and water you may find freedom." He smiles. "Or a snake for a feast."

Spear picks up the head of the snake. 

Kirra picks up the tail.

Spear steps. 

Kirra says, ,,I don't enjoy raw snake."

Spear looks back at Kirra. ,,Raw is good."

Kirra drops the tail of the snake. ,,We should cook here." She looks up.

The lights glimmer and twinkle illuminiate the root and dirt roof of the cavern.

,,The smoke will rise." Kirra looks and winks at Spear. "The fire will distract and hide where we sleep."

Spear drops the head of the snake. He pulls a knife from sheath fassened on waist of shorts. He kneels by the snake and cuts long slits behind the mouth and head. ,,We have any wood. Oil."

Kirra looks over rock and rud. She looks between small and large bones and shiny scales. 

Thick and thin, long and short, roots lay dried and writhered.

,,Roots," says Kirra.

Spear nods and cuts poison sacks from head and sets them on a bolder. He then begins to cut the head. 

Kirra walks and gathers roots. She looks over at Jan.

Jan sits with legs folded lotus, back striaght, plam pressing against the ground.

William walks from the darkness of the tunnel in to the dim illumination. ,,Everything good." He swings his sword back and forth. 

Spear swipes knife blad along heel of boot collect a pile of thick red blood. ,,It is now."

William swings sword about a root cutting it in half and stopping the blade of sword before it hits the ground. 

,,Over here now," says Kirra. She drops a pile of dried roots near the snakes tail. 

,,Buckey's sleeping," says William. He swings sword in a circle then slides the sword in its scabbard. "Myst is talking, sleeing..." He looks back to the darkness of the tunnel. "She's talk with Reighn." He looks at Spear then the ground. "Carlos is stretching." He walks around looking at the ground. "Minst says he  likes to read in the dark."

,,Do you have steel to strike?" says Spear with both hands pulling  and peeling the snake skin from snake.

The snake whips and slithers. The tip of tails shakes and twitches then the snake lays still.

William picks up dried roots. ,,I have my steel in the back pack at camp."

Kirra walks by and tosses down some root. ,,I have a kit in my boot." She kneels and unrolls the top of her boot. With her fingers she slides aout a an near flat oval container wide as a palm and flat as a finger.

The oval contaier pops apart into halves. A flat steel and flint disk lay tight and flat wrapped with dark char.

,,You even have some char in there," nods William.

Spear lays out the snake  long rocks. The being to cut up the snake meat on a flat rock.

William picks up roots.

Kirra clears away bone and shell and rock finding a rough flat surface. She grabs roots and knife and shaves slivers of root into a pile.

William takes roots and rubs the surfaces free of dirt then brakes them.

Kirra lays flint near a small pile of dry flakes under some char. Kirra strikes the flint to steel.

The flints strikes and sparks. It strikes and sparks. It strikes and sparks. 

Thin stream of smoke rises.

Kirra picks up the small pile of root flakes with a core of char. She blows.

William watches. Spear watches.

Smoke puffs then flows away.

A small flame spread from the center.

Kirra blows on ball of shavings and chars. She sets ball of shavings on the cleared area and plies small roots around and over.

William walks around collecting roots.

Spear cuts slice of snake pulling out back bone. He nods toward Jan. ,,She okay."

Kirra blows upon fire and sets small roots over flame. She nods and glances back. ,,She's fine. Probably thinking or feeling or something with everything." She blows on fire.

Fire flame grows and spreads.

William picks up roots and tosses them in a pile near the head of the snake. ,,Maybe she can feel away out of here." William takes a root and rubs off dirt. "I'm beginning to feel we may never see the sun again."

The fire fame grows to flames. The flames dance with flashes. Smoke raises.

Kirra stares at the fire.

,,Where do those other two tunnels lead," says Spear. 

,,Carlos says water," says Kirra.

The fire grows.

,,What about those Dragon eggs?" William toses a couple of roots on the fire. "We should keep them or kill them."

Spear cuts some snake and puts it in his mouth, says while chewing. "We could eat them." Spear swallows. "Told they're good."

,,No," says Kirra. "Like anything else, we should leave alone until we know where its creator is."

Spear nods.

William snaps a root. ,,They're not natural." He looks over to the pool and Jan.

The flames grow and spread. The fire castes more heat.

William pivots head and tosses roots on the fire. ,,Maybe the goblins will leave?"

,,Maybe the black dragon will be nice?" says Spear. He lifts a slice of raw snake. "Want any."

Kirra reaches out a hand, takes the white meat and chews.

,,I'll wait," says William. He looks at Spear. "It's too far to swim?"

Spear nods. He lays snake meat long rock surrounding the fire, puts some in mouth then walks to the small ponds and washes arms and face. 

Williams stares over to the pool of acid. ,,We need to take those eggs and hold them hostage in caste their mom returns."

,,I don't want nothing to do with those eggs." Spear looks up at the ceiling. "Maybe we can burrow through ceiling?"

William looks back into the darkness of the tunnel. ,,buckey."

Spear nods.

Kirra looks behind at Jan. She chews on the snake meat.

Spears sits by the fire and chews on snake meat. He follows Kirra's stare to Jan. ,,Maybe she can feel away out?"

Jan sits at the edge of the pool of acid. Her eyes gaze across the top of the acid pool skimming the top of eggs floating in slow circles around the pool. Her palms press against the smooth rocks surface pulling heat from body. 

The heat flows from body to the ground spreading through stone and dirt. The heat flows to energy and the energy spreads in small ripples from shore through the acid pool and around the dragon eggs.






