Kirra, William, Myst and Guile crouch and kneel on boards in a hot dark tunnel.

Kirra and Guile sees with a gray green sight that allows them to see through the dark for about thirty feet.

Myst and william see with sound of a song sung by Myst and recited by William through the god Reighn.

They see boads loosely fitting over sand floor. Board nailed to boards and holding boards to sand ceiling. Boards raise up a narrow sand tunnel.

Runtik climbs using gabs between booards nailed to boards to climb and wiggle up the narrow sand tunnel tunnel. As she reaches a ceiling of boards. She presses hand against the boards.

A peice of pachment presses againt board and Runtik's hand.

Sand falls between boards' gaps and falls to the pack below. Sand falls on Guile's head.

Guile hyrid rat form scurries and bends between the board wall and William to step into the tunnel. Guile bumps into Kirra, and Kirra pushes back.

Kirra peers into the dark tunnel beind.

the tunnel ends at the bottom of the tunnel, but spans before Kirra as kIrra peers.

Only darkness is seen, and heart is felts.

Sweat drips from faces and soack leather and cotton.

Sweat drops drip from Runtik's nose and falls.

Runtik grabs and pulls the parcment on the surface of the boards at the top of the tunnel.

The parchment corners rip from nails.

runtik grabs a sheet as she climbs steps near Wiliam and Myst.

Runtik crouches. ,,It's closed. You follow.''

Runtik steps and squeezes by Kirra and the boarded wall. She crouches with hands and knees and leads the pack along the dark hot tunnel to an intersection of two tunnelds. She lowers her crawl on hands and feet to fit along the other tunnel.

Boards and braod braces wall the tunell and the pack enter.

Kirra is the last to enter. She peers to wax and wane as she crawls and backward through the hold starring up and down and behind through the tunnel.

The tunnel splits in three, and Runtik leads to the wax.

Guile breathes and heaves shallow breathes. He says, ,,No much air.''

William breathes and nods head. Sweat falls from faces. He is shoulder plate rubs the leather under and rubs against hsi scare of rieghn. He falls to knees wiht a clash and crawls. 

Runtik glances back then quickens crawl through tunnel. 

The tunnel ends with boards and shaft leading above to darkness and more boards. 

Runtik waits for hte back to arrive.

Kirra takes a bit of time. 

Runtik breathes and points finger above. She climbs between creacks of boards nailled to baords nailled to boards. She rubs hand over the boards. She lifts her self and presses ear against the celing of baords of the narrow shaft. She hears feet pace and faitn clicks and clacks. She knocks twice quick and waits and knocks again.

Sand falls from between boards and sprinkles upon the pack below.

The pack below sits, sweats and breathe. 

the heavey hot air fills lungs.

Guile breathes and nods. William finds his breathe. Kirra sits. Myst hums. 

Myst's hums flows through tunnel and up shaft beyond the dark sight of Guile and Kirra. It shows Myst and Willima Runtik as she hangs and waits.

Runitk hangs and waits. Sweat drips. Muscles crap and release. 

A sweat drop drips on William, and he wipes face, drinks water.

,,Water,'' says William.

Guile grabs the waterskin with his paws and drinks it empty.

And they wait and wait and wait...

Bright light shines the darkness. 

Gjiule and Kirra squint as their eyes adjust to the light.

Runtik's sihlouette blocks the light then rise to the light. 

With a thunks and a sprinkle of sand, the darkness returns.

The heat spreads. The sweat falls.

The pack drinks two more water skins as they wait in heat and darkness for light and more water. After drinking the second water skin, Guile laughs. ,,Cooking us to eat and feed to oxgoblins.''

Kirra smirks and huffs. ,,No. Too muscle muscle to be good.''

After the forht waterskin is drank, Myst stops her hum, and the pack rests against the boards.

Darkness speads through Wililam and Myst's mind sight. 

William stands, ,,I am going to find what is above for I am tired of remaining here and waiting for actions. It si time for our own action.''

,,No, William,'' says Myst. ''We wait for our song to begin. Right now is not a time begin to tempt fait and disrupt the song of Reighn by interupting the conductor while she waits to bring us into the song.''

Kirra stands. ,,And William can't climb good. I go.'' She grabs the boards.

,,Wait,'' says Myst. ''For the lullyby of Reighn to calm you need to sing off key and out of order.''

,,Not my god. Not my song.'' Kirra grabs the boards and climbs the board nailed to baord nailed to bards. She reaches the top dropping only a few grains of sand. Shepresses ear against the baord above.

Clombs and a few thuds echo through the wood.

Kirra pounds the ceiling, presses ear against the boards and listens. 

Sweat drops and sand bits fall. 

Below, Guile scampes along the tunnel and pisses in the corner. Willam begins to unfasten his armor.

Myst hums a tune not of sight and waits and waits as Kirra hangs and holds and listens. 

William pisses and fastens armor when the boards above pull back and light shines in. 

Runtik stand over the light and above Kirra. ,,You hurry out and over.'' Runtik kneels and drops a few waterskin down the hole.

Kirra reaches, grabs and edge and oulls and rolls from the hole and by hooves of an oxgoblin. 

Runtik shuts the wood cover and pulls over a light brown wool cover and kicks over some straw.

William finish his shout for all in the hole to hear. ,,I WANT OUT TO BEGIN TO LIVE YOU BEAST. THIS IS NO WAY TO TREAT A HUMAN.''

And darkness spreads around.

William grabs the side of the boarded wall and steps to climb.

Myst grabs his ankle as he lifts from the ground. ,,We wait William until they are ready.''

Wilima feels the flow of calm through body. He feels Myst want for him to remain with her. He lowers and says, ,,But we should be above where we may breathe and see and leave this horrid place if nothering else then to begin the quest for the death of Bin.''

Guile snorts. ,,We get above.''

Above, Kirra lays on the sand then rolls to a stand by an oxgoblin.

The oxgoblins kicks around a wooden shack shed. Dust kicks and clouds. A pile of white sheets lays in the corner. 

Runtik stands knells and pulls a ring around the nose of the oxgoblins and holds it still, ,,You dress in the desert sheets. You grabs pales of water and walk to the shack next and go inside. You eat and drink. You wait.''

A few hugoblins walks past with heads hanging and starring at the ground. Huge bundles of blankets raise from their backs. 

A few others people in whate sheets walk through a narrow passage way between shacks. 

A hot breeze swirling with sand and fumes of oxgoblin shit hang the stench. 

Kirra dresses in what sheets. 

Runtik lifts a latch on door then hold door open. ,,You go.''

Kirra's covered body steps adn grabs the water pail and bumps shoulders with on hugoblins stepping past. 

The bucket water sways. Water spashes into the sand. 

Two passing deserted dressed people glance down and stare at the water seeping through the sand. 

People walk between and long the narrow path between wood shanties. A rot stench and smoke haze settle and shine along the path.

Kirra's focus stayds for the door on the shanty shack twice the lenth. She grabs a rope and pulls.

The rope pulls a flacid sheet of wood that bends as the base pushes the sand of foot path mounds.

Door opens to darkness, and Kirra steps inside.

Boards and darkness cover the floor. A glass barrel with liquid stands in far corner. In near corner, a sack for grain and a leather wrapped bundle is stacked.

Kirra pulls the door rope and closes door. She uses her hands to taste the liquid in glass barrel.

Stale dirty water sips to lips. She drinks from bucket and tastes the same. She grabs a handful of trail mix. She eats and drinks in the darkness and listens.

Worgs bark. People laugh. Oxgoblins moan and bluster a click alike goblins speak. A few people shouts and many people mumble the surface talk as the walk past the shakes with Kirra and Runtik.

Runtik sits  and old the oxgoblins and waits.

The shadows through the oxgobins stall door shifts and shrinks shifting light into the oxgoblins stall.

The llight below the stall remains dark and the air thick. 

Below the oxgobin stall, a wood sheet and a long shaft, William, Guile and Myst sit and drink the last of the water in waterskins.

Myst hums the only noise. The hums is low and steady and calm song the flows through William's and Guile's mind. In William's mind the song sooth the burn of rage and want to climb the ladder free. In Guile's mind, the song is an endless maze flowing through thought numbing Guile's being to sit and think in the dark.

The song plays true and consumes Guile until the last drop of water is sucked from the waterskin, and his leg cramps then he slips because of sweat on his back. Dust falls on his face. And he spits and coughs the sand from mouth and coughs himself from the Sound Maze of Reighn. ,,Get out.''

Guile's voice talks through William's song. William feels the ache in neck and shoulder piece dig into skin. He feels the sweat itching and begins to fidget.

The song sings, and sweat falls.

Wililam says, ,,I go find what is to become of us as we sit and wait to die in this heat. I...''

Light shines through the tunnel, and William stands, hits head and sits. Sand falls on William's head. 
 Runtik's voice shouts through the tunnel. ,,ONE CLIMB.''

Two waterskins hit ground.

William brushes dust from head. ,,I will see that we all go and go now. He crawls to the tunnel and stands. ''Myst. You lead the path to freedom, and Giule and I will remain in this tunnel until such a time as it will be safe to leave. And while I do still fear we entering an unknown area one at a time I have faith of the song in my head that our path is true and thought it be with danger.''  

,,You lead out path Willam,'' says Myst. ''We need you above.''

,,I go last foe we don't know if another enemy will be finding their way through the tunnels to us.'' 

Guile sniffs. ,,I go. Climb. Get out.'' He walks on paws and claws pushing William a bit as he climbs the walls. The pawas and claws grab and pull. Guile ascends through the tunnel with ease and graces. He presses against the wooden ceiling.''

The wood slates slide, and sand falls.

Guile presses paw sgainst the board and knocks, sneezes.

Runtik knocks from other side.

Runitk looks above.

Two laughing hugoblins walk along path. One glances down at Runtik.

Runtik pulls oxgoblins noose ring, and the oxgoblins clomps around and off the wooden cover. Runtil lifts the covere, says, ,,You-'' She see Guile in hybrid form. ''You change.'' She lets the wood sheet drops.

Guile leaps, and board flips back. Guile  scurries through hole, pushes Runtik back and raises in hind legs in corner. 

The oxgoblins kicks walls and breaks back wall. It's moan moo and blow haunting whore areound. 

Runtik pulls the ring around the oxgobin's nose, but the hold only steadies its head. 

The oxgoblin's foot slips into hole, and the oxgoblin sits and falls with a thump. It rolls covering hole.

Sand falls on William's head. Piles rise. below. A few boards above break and splinters fall.

The oxgoblin lege icks and kicks.

Runtik plls on the oxgoblin's nose ring and says, ,,You. Change. To. Hu...'' She pulls. ''You push. NOW.''

Guile's hair receeds and form fflows to a short half dward with loose skin and a couple chins. He swats aside the oxgoblin's sweatting tail and presses on its rumb will seeing to it's mind. 

In the beast mind, Guile feels rage, fear and hate. The oxgoblin feels Guile like a burn spreading and sinking and stinging its being. 

Guile sees form his mind to the oxgoblin's mind a soothing open field of sand and a bucket of water.  Guile blows over its rumb and back, and he feels through the oxgoblin the burning fear cool and calm. 

The oxgoblins settles in the hole. Its nosteral snort and sand and it lays with leg in hold and body on ground.

A hugoblin steps to the half door of stall and says, ,,You need any help taming this beast.'' He winks ant Runtik. 

Runik peers, says, ,,We have no need of help.''

The hugoblin in desert robes leans over the half door. ,,You sure your don't need  a first.''

Guile pushses the rumb of the hugoblin while his mind creates images and senses for the illision of the oxgoblins being in an open field. He splits his mind and glances at the hugoblins at door.

The hugoblins at door says, ,,Glye, will help you move that beas-'' then his voice stops as he looks at Guile.

A person shouts. ,,GLYE. Why are you waiting?''

,,GLYE. WE HAVE A PLACE TO BE!'' A faint laught preceeds a differen voice say, ''YOU DO NOT SEE!''

,,HARLKIN, I SEE A HUMAN,'' says GLYE.

Guile repeats the Glye's voice and hears the flow into mind.

Glye waves arm, ,,YOU COME SEE!''

Runtik pulls out knife, reaches and stabs the oxgoblin's rear. 

The oxgoblin kiicks and shakes from hole. It kicks and breaks the walls. It stomps on Guile's hand. It charges and breaks the door, slams Glye aside and runs and rushes between the shanties.

Runtik kneels by hole and shouts, ,,YOU ALL CLIMB NOW!''

Boards fall down shaft as William ducks into the tunnel

Sand pour down shaft and piles. 

William says, ,,Climb Myst, and I will follow.''

Myst hums to the boards and climbs. 

Sand falls over her body as she climbs. 

Willim follows Myst.

Both grabs and lift through the saft, from board to board to the light. 

Shouts and cries of pain lead Myst's way to the top of the shaft.

At the top of the shaft, Runtik grabs board cover and jams it agasing the flowing pouring sands. She says loud. ,,You climb!''

A few boards fall from shanty shantys stall.

In the shanty shack next to the shanty stall, Kirra hears the shouting, and she grabs swords. Kirra hears the oxgoblin kick wall. She steps to window.

The oxgoblin kicks past along the narrow walkways of sand and boards and shanty.

Kirra pulls the head wrap over face and puts desert glasse over eyes. She grips her shorts words and steps from the shanty.

A few other's step from shanty wrapping head cloths around faces. A few hold shorts swords. A baby cries. Some one shouts. ,,WHAT'S ALL THE NOISE!''

More people step from shanties and between shanties.

Between the shanties, a few walls falls. Rotting bits of root and weed smash into the broken bits of glass following the oxgolbin's path.

The oxgoblin kicks through the narrow pass. People step away. Doors shuts. A few walls fall.

The walls of the shack arond Runtik and guile sway. 

Guile sit wrapped in robe. 

Runtik shouts, ,,Gulle dress and cover.'' Runtik jams the edge of board under the shaft's wall of nail boards stoping the flow of sand below.

Below Myst climbs steady and slow.

William grabs and goes up and up and up. His metal shoes and boots press, slipd. His still hand crips. He climb close behind Myst.

Myst hum and climbs, see Runtik's legs pressagins agains board and holding hole open.

A whistle blows and rings near the hole.

Then another distant whistle rings.

Then faints as a whisper another whistel rings.

Runtik says with clenching teehting feeling to help hold her legs locked agains thte board. She says like a growl. ,,You push the walls. You push the walls toward the walk way.

Guile stens by hole and glances at Myst and looks at Runtik then walls.

The walll lean toward the narrow walk way. Half the wall lays shattered on the ground near a door.

,,YOU PUSH TO PATH.'' says Runtik loud.

A nother whistle blows. ,,OVER HERE!'' shouts a voice. A few desert wrapped hugoblins stride toward the shack.

Guile pushes the walls as Runtik pushes the board agains the settling sand.

Myst climbs and squeeze between Runtik's leg and shafte edge.

,,You lay on ground,'' says Runtik.

The walls tip and fall over the pather and agains the near shack. The walls fall on Runtik, Guile and Myst.

Myst crawls between sand and board. Runtik holds boardd against the side and lays back.

William climbs the saft and nears the top of the shaft.

Boards break, and sand pours on William. 

William slips and grabs. His foot knocks two baords from wall. He grabs and climb to the tops and squees back Runtik's this and the wall and the wall laying over Myst and Runtik.

Guile lays on the wall pushing the shandty acrorss. He rools and flops to ground,

Kirra steps voer Guile with shortswords in hands.

Kirra glances around.

Aournd, people step and look along the ally. People dressed in desert wrappings and white sheets point and talk. All point at the falling shanty.

The shanties spread for rows and alleys wide and long. They walls of boards all make small boxes. 

Another whistle blows.

A contable with whistle in mouth pushes a path along the path where the oxgoblin ran.

A whistle blows.. It sounds beneath the fall walls.  

Runtik grabs William and help pull him from home. ,,You, Myst get Guile. You hide in shanty next.

William kicke and claws and pulls from the shafter. 

He lifts to knees and liftes the board wall. ,,MYST!'' He shouts.

,,I lay near the light,'' says Myst. She crawls from under the boards to Guile. Guile looks along the pathways from the shanty.

Peopl estare and point. Two constables jog and push between people along the narrow passages to the fallen shanty and the pack. 

Kirra sheaths a swoprd and grabs Guile and pulls him from the wall and between to shacks. 

Myst and William kick and pull from the boards and plankes of wood then scramlbe after Kirra. 

Guile snots and points. ,,Go into this shack Runtik.''

,,We go,'' says William. ''Away from Runtik. Away from this place.''

They stand between two shanties. A few people stand and look at William's steel armor shine against the shine. A few point at his steel hand. 

Guile grabs a sheet around head and tosses over hand. Guile glances at the two looking and poing at the pack and sends a mental shout.

The two white sheets hold and stares. 

Kirra opens the shanty door and pushes Willaim to the door. Guile leads and Myst follows. 

,,Runtik,'' says Guile.

Runtik climbs down the shaft, kicks boards from wall.

Boards fall and sand pours down the shaft. 

She climbes to the next board and the next kicking and pulls boards from the walls until she reaches the top. 

When she reache the top of the shafter, she crawls and the boards of wood and stands in the alley pathway. 

She stands around people staring and pointing and yelling at Runtik.

An old white sheets ponts at a broken bottle and shouts, ,,YOU BUY ME A BOTTLE! YOU BUY ME A BOTTLE!...'' while another person shouts, ,,YOU BLOCK MY PATH!''

People mumble and shouts. 

A constable parts tow people pointing and staring. The constable whistle blows and blows. 

Another whistle blows. 

Runtik says, ,,I am not at fault. An oxgoblins pushed down my shant.

A few people joing the shouts and mumbles creating a chorus of dissonance.

One shouts loud. ,,I SAW A SILVER HAND LEAVE THE PILE!''

The constable looks over the heads of the people ganthering and crowding around. They crowd between the narrow spaces between shanties. A few pushes and raise hands.

The dissoncance fills the small shanty where the pack stands. 

The pack's bodies press.

William says, ,,We are going to kill ourselves by waiting so near the scene.''

,,We wait, William.'' says Myst.

,,Where to flee,'' says Kirra.

Guile stands and listens to the mumbles, the whistles and the shouts. He lets a purr buzz through body. He lets the noise of the buzz enter the purr and pull with in. Guile shouts to the minds aournd, and he hears the echoes.

As the pack remains inside the shack, Runtik stsp back and stands on top of the fall boards. ,,I don't know why you are angry at me for an xoglibn. I was sleeping. I was ready to take my glass bowl fro water. I can't get water.'' Runtik's words talk. She feels Guile's Pain Vibrate thorugh had empty space of nothing where her through flow from body and to mind to all.

Guile sees, >Open me to see silence of mind.<

Wiliiam nudges Guile as he grabs swords. The burn of the Scare of Reighn Burns. 

Myst lays hand on William's shoulders. She says, ,,Willaim,'' The scare of Reighn sooths over William's back. Myst says, ''We listen to our song and wait for our part before we give our sound to the symphony.'' She blows a cool breath over Willam.

The braeth speas and cools. Sweat on Kirra's face dries and calm. The itch along Guile's arms numbs. The rage in Wiliam's mind calm with strings pukcing vibrations of stress to a drum and guitar playuing. 

William hang heads. He steel hand glasps swords. ,,I fear our path and destiny will sing an epopee with wrong notes because of an oxgoblin. I...'' He hands heads and settles. 

Guile hears no words or sounds or doesn't feel the itch soothing by Myst's song. Guile's spread through Runtik. 

Myst's song is not heard by Runtik nor the white sheets and constables standing.

Runtik stands sweating hot and calm as eyes, fingers adn words point at Runtik. 

Two dessert wrapped ropbes talk with one constable while the ohter constable stands before Runtik. The constable before Runtik pokes finger into Runtik's chest. ,,You will answer our questions for we the constables must account for this. Why have you done...'' The words of the constable talk.

The talk is what Guile see and feels. Through Runtik, Guile feels the anger and discontine radiate form the constable. Guile feels and flows with the feeling into the Constable then spreads is Pain through the mind. 

Guile spreasd the pain around the rage of the constable.

The constable pause talks. Through the constables mind, images of her dying baby and a man raping her spread. She stands shock. 

Guile's pain seeps in to her shock and stops the thought and rage. 

the constables stares.

Guild through Runtik feels three white sheets and two dessert wrapped ropes shouts at Runtik and point at Shanties and one points at a cut and a broked glass bowl.

Guile flows from mind to mind.

Guile's pains spreads and spans through the five minds. Three white sheets and one desert wrapped robes stop talk and stand shocked and lost of though looking around. 

One desert robed points and shouts as the lone voice and feeling of aggress. She points to cut and at Runtik. ,,YOUR OXGOBLIN CUT MY LEG. YOU PAY. YOU PAY NOW.''

Runtik slides adn raise three gold coins on palm. She purrs and says with soothing calm. ,,You take money and leave.''

Guile's pain spreads as the lone thinking robe. And as she takes money, her body calms and feels a shock.

Runtik says, ,,I have paid my fine. We have passed law. I shall pass.''

The shocked constable says loud, ,,LAW HAS BEEN RULED. WE HAVE MAINTIANED THE LAWS.'' He blinks and grabs whislte.

Before he blows, Runtik feels anaction from Guile and lets the thoguth action control her words. Runtik says loud, ,,AS THE CONSTABLE  BLOWS HER WISTLE THE EVENT IS RULED.''

The shocked constable blows her whistle.

People blinks and look around. A few step back.

Guile's Pain Sphere leaves the words echoing, <Act the victim and lie,> as the pain sphere fades.

In the shack with the pack, Guile says, ,,Remain. Things calm.''

Sweat cools and dries and Myst's song twists and flows.

They stand and wait, listen and heard.

A contable blows its whistle blows whistle and says lout, ,,WE ARE DONE HERE.''

The white sheets and desert robes steps look away. Two desert robes look at shanties while the white sheets wander.

The two constables talk and point and leave with one saying, ,,I will write the report.'' The other says, ,,What happened to the oxgoblin?'''

Runtik stands and glares away the two desert robes who also look at their shanties.

Runtiks stands under the sun.

The sun rises and begins to lower as Runtik piles the walls of the shanty into a stack. The people fix the shanties and glare, peer at Runtik.

Runtik rests agains the shanty where Guile, William, Kirra and Myst sweat and stand. She drinks water and throws a waterskin through window. She starts talking to her self while she stacks the walls and sort the boards of the shanty. ,,I'm going to be leaving here at night. I better see my wood here.'' Runtik would pause for many breathe and says, ''I kill people who take my walls.'' Then mumble, ''Kill people,'' and ''I live here at night.''

The shadows caste and her talk calms.

The hugobilns fixing fallen boards and doors of shanites. They peer at Runtik then step inside their shadow.

Through the day and as the shadows span, people walk past. People walk. A few kids in white sheet run between the huts and stomp over the boards of Runtik's shanty.

Through the day, Runtik climbs under the boards and sands and slips into the wide hole. She kicks baords from walls climbs to the top. 

By the time the shadows caste darkness over the shanties, the hole is as deep twice her height with a sand bottom.

Darkness spreads. The hole is filled with sand leaving a depth that has Runtik's head touching top.

Runtik pulls her self from the hole and under the boards. She stesp to the shanty shack where the pack stands. 

Poeple around walks. A few torches burn. Worgs park, and a few kids laugh. 

William, Kirra, Guile and Myst sit on the floor of the sack sleeping. 

Songs flow through their heads soothing their minds and giving them nourishment of life. The see string pull reds to orange.

Runtik nudge's Kirra with foot.

Kirra raise shorts sword.

William shakes and raises steel hand. His lips move and steel finger points, but Runtik hears no sound.

William says, and the other of hte pack hear. ,,Are we to leave now? Will you herd us away from this like the mindless cattle that stormed through the houses.''

Runtik reads William's lips while pointing to ear and shrugging.

Mysts huma calms, and the drums and strings plucking and pounding through the pack's minds calms.

Kirra snorts and stands. Her body feels to float with calm and focuse. The honing of all surrounds.

The song fades, and the door opens heat and piss fumes into the small shanty room illuminated by dim moon light.

The door hangs, and distand worg clicks and barks. A few people laugh and a fire pops.

Runtik tosses closes into the shanty. ,,You dress and cover your body, hands and faces. William you put the glove on the hand.'' Her voice flows near an silence. ''We dress. We leave. You follow to the droving area. We leave.'' She tossea a bundel into the room.

The pack dreses, and Runtik closes door of the shanty. 

A shiloueets steps from a shadow across the trash path. 

Runtik sees to the beings mind. >Deep two feet to tunned. Ten fee down. Covered board boards the mind. Find not people watching.<

The sihlouettes steps into the moon shadow and disappears to the darkenss.

The boarsd over the hole in ground move slight, but silent. 

The door to the shanty opens. 

Guile steps out yawning. He stretchs arms and stands.

,,Move,'' says Kirra.

Guile shuts mouthand an cheeks shake. He steps to the side.

Kirra nudges pasts and thies the wrap arond face. She ajudtes white robes to expose, short sword handle. 

William side steps past Guile. He steps from the shanit, the shadows the moon illuminated path and next to Runtik. ,,You heard your cattle drover. We need to feed, breed and ride for you.'' 

Runtik smirks. She stands in the path and stands and stares aw William. 

William feels his body warm and glows.

Myst steps hums and steps from shanty. Her sight spreads, and she feel cries and shouts. Her song misses beats and swirls. The song from her shifts and sways.

Laughter and shouts of ,,IT'S LAW!' pop the quiet night.

Then suddenly a pack of works park and click snap commands for all to kneel before the work.

Voices from shanties shout. ,,CHAOS.'' with one ovice shouting long. ''CCCCCCCHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAOS!''

Then then night become silent except the sounds of breathes. A door creeks and a gust blows over shanties. Fat and smoke blows and sway through. Piss and shit fume.

Runtik steps to shadow and drops the kid's stick in the dirt and walks along the trash path between the shanties. She waves arms.

Guile steps after followed by Myst then William then Kirra.

Myst steps hums and steps from shanty. Her sight spreads, and she feel cries and shouts. Her song misses beats and swirls. The song from her shifts and sways.

Laughter and shouts of ,,IT'S LAW!' pop the quiet night.

Then suddenly a pack of works park and click snap commands for all to kneel before the work.

Voices from shanties shout. ,,CHAOS.'' with one ovice shouting long. ''CCCCCCCHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAOS!''

Then then night become silent except the sounds of breathes. A door creeks and a gust blows over shanties. Fat and smoke blows and sway through. Piss and shit fume.

Runtik steps to shadow and drops the kid's stick in the dirt and walks along the trash path between the shanties. She waves arms.

Guile steps after followed by Myst then William then Kirra.

Kirra slows step

Guie steps picks at the desert sheits and adjusts his robe of Reighn. He snorts snot.

The warm desert air blows cool.

Runtik steps from the gust and the trash trail to an narrow trail weaving through shanties and small fire circles.

Around the fire circles, people stares at the flames. They look at full plates of food. They rub with thumbers Suns and Moons of bins.

Flames pop and rise to the night. A few people filllow the embers until they fade. Many stare at the sun. Tears streak their cheeks.

A worg barks! As the oack steps from the twisted trail through the shacke and along a rock road.

The rock road spans straght between shanties toward tents, fire light and desert. 

The sihlouette of large aquitcet spands from the shanties and slowl rises to the horizon. 

Along the dirt road, people stand around wagosn adn compfires to the side. Oxgobins kickd and stop at the ground. They pull on the wagons.

Runtik leads along the raod to the side.

They walk by wagons and oxgogobins and people around fires. 

People around fires and by the wagons stare at the fire or the sky. Many cry without sound. 

Guile pulls from mind a feeling of his mother and Shakes death. The emotion flows from mind and spreads deep sorrow. The sorrow spans through his being then flows with the emotions of people sitting out the fires and stand staring at the sky.

A rush of tears and sorrow, loss and hopelessnees, swirled with release, hope and victory radiate from those sitting around the fires and standing by the still wagons. 

Myst says to Guile, ,,You feel what the song plays to my mind as there is something loss to them all.''
Runtik says, ,,You quiet until we leave the tents.'' Runtik glances side to side and leads along the road from the tents and the people.

William grips fist. ,,Do we need to speak that primitave tongue of click and clacks if we speak.''

,,No,'' says Runtik. ''I hope to prevent you from speaking your hate.'' She glances at William and steps.

The tents spread from the people, fires and tent to an open gravel area spaning along the edge go the tents city, under the quicdut and to to a wide road way lite with fire light and spaning to the darkenss.

The sorrow, priases and tears of joy and sorrow ebb and press from the tents and small campires over the night.

Through the night, hit of hammer and chickle and chanting workers create a night song leading the pack from the rock coverd road to wide and open land.

Wind gusts dust and warm wind. Smoke swirls. Squeaking wagon wheels roll over the gravel. A few cries are carried away with the wind over the flat gravel land.

The flat gravel land is covered with wagons, oxgobins and small campfires. A few constables walks along the road and by the pack. A couple wagons roll along the flat gravel land toward the aquiduct.

William pulls down the wrap over his mouth. ,,Do the people here not travel at night or are we early to the morning having rested in a small shack?''

Runtiks stands and looks over the caravans and people. ,,We are to meet the team by the aquiduct. They are ready to leave once we arrive.'' She steps, and William, Kirra and Guile follow. 

The walk by wagons and oxgoblins tethered to spikes. Bags and box lay stacked. People stand and stare around campires or stares at skies. A babies screams some where through the dark and the parked caravans of wagons, oxen and men.

,,Feel their sorrow,'' say Guiles. ''All droves depressed?''

,,Why are they crying?'' says William. 

Myst hums the words, ,,There is a death in Bin that spreads thin a choas preventing Reign from Tune.''

,,Bin's dead,'' says William.

Runtik says and her calm bass voice. ,,You wait while I speak with these people near.''

Near is a carvan of three wagons and three stake tethered oxgoblins circle round a fire.

The fire illuminates tears on the faces of three hugobins, a dwarblin all starring at the sky. They run small round gray balls and hum.

Runtik puts hand in pocket and pulls out a gray round ball the size of a nut. He rubs the ball with thumb and stands.

Behind Runtik walks and stands William, Kirra and Guile. Their desert cloths cover faces and skin. 

Runtik stares at sky and says, ,,I feel a message from Bin. I feel a change...'' She lets her voice fade. 

,,A change,'' says one. Her bottom lip sakes. She looks from the sky to the fire. 

The dwarblin smiles and licks tears. He looks to the sky, ,,A change is. A change will be.'' He looks at Runtik. ''Now we will be free of the Chaos of Bin?''

All the hugoblins around fire nod heads with Runtik.

Runtik hums and rubs the round ball. She nods and steps from the circle saying, ,,Bin is light. Bin is dark.''

,,Bin is light,'' says the dwarblin. ''The high priest of Bin has been killed.''



