,,What?'' say William.

The dwarblin sitting around the fire rubbing a pebble sized ball looks from the night to the fire light to William.  The dwarblin pulls of the road. A naked hairy dwarblin pounds stout arms on barrel chest covered in jaded spots and thick black hair. 

A woman cries. A baby lauughs. 

The fire light dances over smiles, frows, sneers and trebling lips. Peers from eyes stares at the fire lighting the night. 

The dwarblin spreads arms and steps into the fire. 

Hari burns, and feets skin boils. Burnt hair and flesh fume over the dwarblins shaking, sweating face and body..

,,BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN!'' shouts from the dark. ''WE SEND SACRIFCE. WE GIVE FOR LAW. LAW WILL GUIDE OUR LIVES. LAW WILL BE.''   

Whle people sit and stare faces at the fire and the night, two hugoblins grabs the arms of burning naked dwarblin. One grabbing arm shouts,, BIIIIIIIIIIIIIN.'' 

A womain with long blck braids stands, points and laughs. ,,BURN THE CHAOS OF LAW NEEDS CHAOS WILL RETURN IF CHAOS IS DEAD!''

Laughter spreads from the dark. 

Word less shouts scream around the dark. 

The burn dwarblin lies smoking on the ground. 

People begin to spit on the burnt body. 

An gray haird hugoblins with near blue skin strides from the dark to the light. her desert robes hangs from curves and rolls. She steps and kneels with a sway.

William feels a song sings of guitar bluck deepa and strum like running by a river.

Myst slaps the bottom over her curved drum.

Kirra grabs daggers and pulls from sheath.

Runtik grabs dagger. She says, ,,Kirra. 

Myst bends to sit.

Runtik grabs Myst's bicep and pulls her to stand. ,,We go. We go now.''

William grips steel fist and swings steel fist at Runtik.

Runtik releases Myst and leans back, sand steel fist smackes Runtik's shoulder. ,,BE OFF!''

The guitars strings and taps of Myst drums play rage from William's heart. 

Wililam reaches to grab Runtik, and Runtik steps away spins with dagger in hands. ,,WE GO. WE SEE.''

A few from the fire pit scream. ,,BIN RISE. BIN FALL. BIN CHAOS. BIN LAW!''' ,,BIN,'' shout a few. A few fire faces glance at the pack and William.

Wililam riases fists and being to step around Runtik. His heart pound deep as the thump of Myst's drum bottom.

Myst sits and sway, hums and hits the bottom of drum slow and fast and one then three time beat. 

Kirra steps back and peers around.

Around people wander and sits. a few torches spin and draw shapes through the night.

Oxgobins click and moos, stomp and pull on chains. 

Two desert robed hugoboins stand and throw punches. 

William steps at Runtik and jabs twice, three times. 

runtik ducks on then another then swipes dagger at chest as William's steel fist swings at her chest.

The steel fist hits.

Runtik pops back.

A person shouts. ,,CHAOS OF BATTLE. THE RULE OF THE FIGHT!''

A few hugoblin step by Kirra and past Myst. A couple hold torches. All hold a moon in their other hand. Thumbs ubs over the moon's surface. A missing toothed hugoibns shouts. ,,BEYOND THE RING WIHT BIN!''

Runtik says, ,,William. William, we must leave before-'' She holds chest and steps away from William.

Williams steps and strafes and follows Runtik away rom the torchs and from Myst.

Myst sits and pounds beats slow, fast, deep low, two three, one four, two nine. All the time falling in pace with the burnt dwarblin.

The burnt dwarblin's arms and feet shake, and body shivers. 

The voloumtous woman rubs her chubb hands over the dwarblin as faces and hugobins step from the dark around the fire. A few toss small moon spheres into the fire an dgrab a piece of wood and toss it into the fire bit. 

The flames reach the night and illuminates beyond MYst to Wiliam's back.

Wiliam stares at Runtik with fists raised and near face. His muscles tense and twtich with the skip and mispace of Myst's drumming. His string song miscords and twangs  sharp changes. He says, ,,You will fall to the rage of the song. You will will be far from gone, before I beat in you what's wrong.''

Runtiks leaps light side to side and around William. For every step William strides. Runtik stides two. One back. One side to side. ,,We go now, William. We leave the choas. We leave this before...''

william rushes and jabs.

Runtik ducks and spins. She ducks the steel fist.

William other fist strikes the side of Runtik's head.

Runtik stumbls away and grabs ears. She takses a step away and into the dark.

William seels only darkness and near sihlouettes of people around. He peers to see the darkness and strike the next pound of the drum drumming from Myst.

Myst pounds the back for drumw ith e top on ground. The thump dumps the night.

Anbd hugobilins both nakes and wrapped surriond Myst. Their feet pound the ground. They stomps and jumps around.

Flames write the night. A few hugobilns fights. People step from the night to the big bonfire light. 

The fire burns. It's light spreads and flows over William and Runtik.

Runtik's ear bleeds and world tips, but focus sees William's fist's strikes. She dogdges the fists and steps to Kirra and Myst the dancing people around. 

The fire light illumnagtes Myst, and Myst's hands find a steady pace. 

One shouts, ,,A SACRIFICE TO LET THE MESSANGER BE SENT TO REPENT FOR OUR SINS.''

Anohter shouts hight like a bird whistle, ,,WE KILLED CHAOS!''

A few say, ,,We killed bin...We kiled bin...''

A hand grabs kirra's head wrap. 

Kirra jerks head and wrap from hand claps and grabs Myst and pulls her arm..

Myst hums and sits with only one palm slapping drum top.

A peson punches at Kirra.

Kirra dogdge dropping Myst's arm. 
 
KIrra swips knife cutting a necks. She steps, ducks and grabs Myst's drum, kicks Myst side and swipes at three white sheets around. ,,WILLIAM.'' holller Kirra.

William hears the drums stop and glances from Runtik and dark to Kirra, Myst and light. He hears the shouts and states steps and rushes at the five desert robed hutoblins standing around Myst and Kirra.

Myst stands feeling limb and lost ins a string, drums and and horns strummbin and hoot.

People around bond fire stand and look at Kirra and Myst.

Myst stumbles. Her hums stops. Arms and body reach for the drum.

The drum lays on ground.

A desert robed hugobilns with exposed chest reahes from the drum. Another hugoblins pushes the reaching hugoblis. Another huugoblins swings and punches the pushing hugolin wrapped in desert robes.

Robes and long sleeves whips and sway, snap with swings of fists. Fists hit bodies as three desert robed hugoboins brawl. 

The people by the fire stare at the fire.

The smoking dwarf by the fires stands. Charcoal skin falls from body as he dances. He roars. ,,BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN.''

,,BIN,'' say all lkouds. One shouts from the dark, ,,BIN! BIN! BIN!!''

Wiliams steps from the dark to the light and by Myst and Kirra. His shoulder slams one of the three punching hugobins. He grabs Myst's drum and stumbles away from the fight. The music in his mind quiets like desert dark.

A wagon is tipped. Glass shatters, and people shout. A torch is tossed onto the tipped wagon. 

A glass jar rolls over hte desert and to the foot of Kirra.

Kirra pulls Myst and says, ,,STAND. WE GO!' 

Myst feels a shock and a jolt. The song is silents. Darkness spreads. Her feet skid then kick to steps. Something hols he arms. She wiggles and pulls. ,,You beast back who caste the night to darkness.'' She hums, but no sound sight is seens. She stands in the dark.

William holds Myst's drums and pulls long sword form sheath as he says, ,,YOU REMAIN MY SWORD'S STRIKE OR YOU WILL FIND ITS LAW!''

,,William,'' says Myst. She hums and sees nothings. She hears the shouts, cries, maon, laughter, glass shatter and worg barks singing the night. Her hums vibrates to ear.

,,HERE,'' says Kirra loud as she grabs Myst.

Myst pulls from Kirra's grasp, ,,NO!'' The warap pulls from Kirra's grasp. Myst stumbles to stand.

Two male hugoblins grabs Myst.  
  
William slash one on back and stabs the other. ,,MYST.''

The other hugobilns wearing desert wears shouts. ,,MURDER IS FOR BIN!''

One laughs dancing as the stabbed hugobilns falls to ground graspoing at hole in hip.

William grabs Myst. ,,WE RUN.''

His grasp tears the desert wraps.

Myst stumbles and steps.

Kirra grabs mysts other arm.

Runtik steps to the dark. ,,WE GO!''

Kirra says, ,,Get the song out. Need out. Go NOW!''

The trio follows Runtik between wagons, by oxgoblins, near fires and through groups of people smiling, crying, starring, dancing, crawling. 

A deep scratched voice shouts, ,,A SACRIFICE FOR BIN RUNS INTO OUR FATE!''

Runtik says louds, ,,YOU FOLLOW. I LEAD.''

Runtik leads through wagons and oxgoblins and fires. 

Dancings, singing, crying spreads around. A few people stand around with wagons peering at people passing. Ohters pulls wagons in a circle and stend the oxgoblins on the outisde. 

The open planes runs to a crowd of wagons linning along a wide gravel road.

The wide gravel road is wider than a stones throw. Gravel rock covers the surface. To the Set the wide road flows a line of lights and a few fires bunring toward a sihloutted wall. To the rise ,the wide gravel raod spans between a tall sihlouette wall twice the height of the shiloutte wall to the Set.

A caravn of wagons pulled by oxgoblins rolls from Rise to set twoard the smaller inner wall.

On the other side of the road, an open area clutterd with wagons and oxgoblins spans between dots of fire. Shanties and pavillions rise from the road as the road spans to the Set.

Cries and a few shouts guide toward the lights.

Runtik quick steps across the wide road to the other side . ,,The highway spans from Oasis to Shiptik.''

Guile, Myst, Kirra and William quick step after Runtik over the road to the other side.

Myst hums and and taps sound, but sees no sound. She hears a worg whining, two kids crying. Clicks and clacks talking with surface talk. A few moans. Then a loud and long distant shout of, ,,BIN!''

Guile hears the shout as a sound in his maze of sound. His head thumps slight with step. A ring forms in his mind. He listens to the crunch of foot into gravel and tries to create a maze to silence.

William's steel hand grabs Guile's biceps and pulls him one step faster. ,,We need to walk before...''

,,YOu dance,'' says Kirra. She holds short swords and walks a few steps behind Guile. She peers through the dark and sees the people talk in circles, follow oxgoblins along the roads. They stare at the sky or into flames. 

Clicks and clacks smack in a corner near the edige of the road.

The pack walks py a big black box.

Soldiers wearing leather and a few chained shirts stand. A few cry. All click and clack, point to ground and sky. Four of them pass a bottle between while thumb rubbin sun disks or moon balls.

The gravel spans to a mud bridge steps the reaches to sand stone. 

Guile kicks a pile of oxgoblins shit and trips over a wheel rut.

The wheel rut digs into road. Wheel ruts run in rows and drive alone edge. Shackes of board and mud brick spread along a line the spans fom the soldiers black box. From that line flat ground, wagons and oxgoblinss.

Runtike stides wide, and Guile quicks steps to follow. Snot drips and mouths hangs open like it is scooping the air for breath.

Kirra looks back along the road. 

Road spans. The caravan rolls. And a few people stoll along the road. 

KIrra says, ,,No one follows. Look scared.''

Runtik quick steps. ,,We look busy.'' She glances at Kirra then the horizon

On the horizon, spans a few torch lights, a couple campires and darkness.

Through the darkness and over sand stone the stride and Guile jogs.

Runtik leads to a lone torch in the middle of an open sandstone area. Sihlouettes of wagons and oxgoblins, peeple group over the span of darkness.

The people sihlouettes pull in harnesses, chains and traps. Tents are rolled and packed on top of crates and pots. A few worgs bark. One work sihlouettes run along the plane chasing a stick.

The open dark leads to a blue flamed torch, and two people wrapped in desert wraps sitting by three oxgblins tethered to spike and three covered wagons.

,,The flame will cool if you breath,'' says Runtik. She slows step to a stop.

One of the people sitting on the ground looks from an waterskin to Runtik. ..I don't like spices.''

Runtik smiles. ,,I have only water to help the taste.''

The other being in desert wraps stands and step around. They grabs one of the oxgoblins harnesses tethering the oxgoblin and pulls the harness and oxgoblins to the wagons fronts. 

The talking deset wrapped being says, ,,We talk of six. I count only five.'' He stare at Runtik. 

,,One died,'' says Runtik. ''You give me the paper, and I will talk to Constables or Soldirs or Bin.'' She smiles. Her voice flows deeps and calm.

Wind gusts warm. Bells clonk and thunk as wheels squeek past.

The talker stands and pulls from desert robes a round case. The talker pulls end off scroll case and pulls out a roll of papers. One by one he looks at the top corner of each sheet. A sheet is pulled from the roll and held before Runtik. ,,This will get you beyond the check points. The constable word is good for the next.'' The talker holds the paper to the light. ''It will be good for the Constables for eleven days.'' 

Runtik grabs the paper. 

An oxgobins moans and moos as the other hooks harness on oxgoblin. 

Guile sneeszes.

William says, ,,You don't lead this herd,'' says William. ''I refuse.'' He steps near the talker and looks down. ''And who are you in these scheme to help Runtik buy and sell us like the goods on these wagosn. Or are there no goods.'' He looks at Runtik.

Runtik peers at teh paper. 

William looks at the talker. ,,And who are you? What do we call you?'' He points steel finger to chest. ''You know about me.'' He pokes the chest with steel finger. ''I want to know about you.''

The talker smiles and holds and open palm about waist high. ,,You call me George. I am a business clerk keeping the books to account for our small shipping business. I will not be joining you on you trek. My job is done. I have other accounts to...'' George smiles. The blue flame castes shadows over eyes. His hook nose bends to a green point. ''I have things to count.'' George stuffs the rolled papers in the scroll case. 

William stares down.

Kirra steps around peering through the night, at the wagons and under the tarps of wagons.

Under a wagon tarps are stacked boxes the size of a head. 

,,What's hualin,'' sniffs Guile.

,,Boxes,'' says Kirra.

,,It matters litte. And by Reighn any song we sing will come from our drove as we walk with the herd to Oasis for this client.'' Williams stands and stares at George

Geroge grabs a pack throws it over shoulder and walks from the sight.

William says loud, ,,You give no good bye. You leave. You done with job?'' He inhales and exhales a rough hum.

The hum is heard by Myst, but still it castes no sound.

Myst stands and says, ,,William, do you have my drum?''

William glares at George darkening sihlouette and says, ,,I have have it in my hand.'' He holds it before Myst. ''Here, you may keep it for Reighn know its creations will improve with the creator.''

Myst raises an arm and hand hitting Wiliam's forearm. She slides hand to the drum and grasps. ,,Reighn sing silent for me, and I hear no sight as I once had. It's as if the Song of Reighn has stopped.''

Guile sniffs and sit on ground. ,,Got to do with Bin.'' He spits. ''Bin...BIN.'' He laughs.

The desert wrapped person latching the oxgoblin's to carts says, ,,You think before you speak. YOu speak of things you do not know.''

William steps to the dersert wrapped person. ,,An who are you? Fred. John.''

the desert wrapped person looks up from oxgobin yok. A rough deep voice cracks. ,,Jane. You call me Jane.''

,,Jane,'' says William...

While they talk Kirra looks un the tarps of the other two carts.

Boxes stack over the carts. 

,,What's in the carts?'' says Kirra.

Jane steps by Kirra and grabs another yoke hooked to the side of a wagon. 

Runtik says faint then steps and peers around. ,,The boxes contain glass.''

Guile snorts. ,,Got food? Water.''

,,YOu will find food and water in the back of the cart,'' says Runtik.

Kirra walks to the last wagon and lift tarp. ,,Water, food, crates, glass. What else?''

The tarp lifts to reveal sacks of grain and two bladders of water.

Kirra drops tarp. ,,Not enoguh water for us. Animals.''

Runtik peers through the dark. ,,Water stations a long the trail have taps into aquiduct.'' Runtik steps to Jane.

Jane through yoke over the third xogobilns.

The oxlgoblins shit fumes. Acid burning piss fume pour to ground.

Guile coughs.,

Runtik says, ,,We go away. You travel to stay. You walk the new until path open.''

Jane pulls chaing through yoke and yanks. ,,We go. We go soon.'' Jane wipes fore head and pulls back hood of desert rope. 

Wind gusts. Grains of dust sting. 

,,Drovers. We ready. We go. We gather our things.'' Runtik steps along the line of three xogoinb hooked to three wagons, says, ''I am the first.'' ,,Why would I want you to be first,'' says William.

,,William,'' says Myst.

She hold a piece of parchment above had. ,,I have the paper. I am the frist defined on the paper. I am goblinkin.'' She stand kneels by a cart wheel and pulls on wheel. 

Guile snort laughs. ,,Wait to kill her until we leave town, William.''

,,Guile,'' says Myst. ''We...''

,,We are alove and Spoear is dead,'' says William. ''Spear is dead after following the one drove of us all.''

Guile snorts. ,,Wait until we leave the city.''

Runtik shakes wheel. She stands.  ,,YOu can leave once we leave the city.'' Her voice lowers and goes deeps and soothing. ''You run wild through the desert. You run around city and go across the desert. You leave, and you are lost.'' She voice riases pitckes. ''Or you die.'' She cackle laughss. 
,,BIN,'' shouts from the distance.

A few other shouts shout aroud the night. ,,SHINE THE LAW UPON.'' and ,,SHOW OUR CHAOS!

Myst hears the shouts echo and echo in mind. The shouts repeat like a whisper beat of ,,BIN...BIN...BIN...'' Myst begins to tap on base of drum.

William clenches stillf fist. ,,You are not our first,'' say William. ''If anyone be our first it will be Spear. Spear in the memory. Spear in the spirit.'' He raises Spear's Rose Warhammer. ''Might is the first.''

Runtik snaps her finges. 

Jane pulls on yoke chain. 

Oxgobilns stops and snorts. Snot sprays.

Jan drops the change steps to the last wagon, grabs a pack wedged under tarp and walks to the dark. 

The dark spreads fire light dims. A wagon rolls pasts. A cluster of torches maches through the dark. The flame light illumincates faces of coif covered heads. 

Runtike steps to the first oxgoblins grabs the nose wring and pulls. She clicks and clacks, and her thoughts flow through the mind thought of the oxgoblins. Runtik thinks of water pouring from a spout and a bag of grain. She shares thoughts through the oxgoobin's head.

The oxgoblinsnorts, nods head. It stomps to a walk and pulls the wagon.

The wagos roll twoard the highway road.  

A few fires and torces illuminate faces staring at light and night.

A couple people wander past. Wimpers and cries shutter mind.

Cries of ,,BIN,'' wimper and pout to silence.

,,Bin...Bin...Bin...Bin...'' repeats in Myst' mind as she taps on drum. Drum taps set pace. Shimmers of sound appear around the oxgoblins and the wagons rollowing along.

The wagons roll along. And William stands. He looks at the Constables marching in a 16 teen square with three missing.

Wililam looks to the sky and watches Myst steps and follow the bells aof the Wagon.

Guile pushes and sits on the back of the last wagons.

Kirra steps behind William. ,,Leave. Move from here. Leave here. Then we find our first away from this fools quest.'' She puts hand on William's shoulders.

,,I will not experience the death of another firend because of magic and my foolish faite of putting my hand in a guanlet. If only Myst would have allowed my to remain dead after I slashed my own throat.'' William steps and strides after Myst after behind the wagons.

Kirra watches willimas and glances over the constables, a few wagons rolling and flicking fire lights.

The fire lights burn along the high from torches and a few globes.

Wagon rolls from sand stone ruts and pop-up to gravel road. 

Four oxgbins and pull a long cart. The long cart rolls to inner wall.

Runtik walks toward the outter wall.

The wheels roll, and the pack follows.

,,We will travel by night from Water Station to WaterStation,'' says Runtik. ''We will pass through the Grand Wall. You will follow. Or you will leave. You are free to roam and go. I don't-''

,,BIN!'' shouts a white sheet laying on the highway road. They hands grabs fist fulls of rocks and toss them to the night and let them fall his the face and body.

Another white sheet rusn from the side of the highway from the dark and to the other white sheet on the ground. The one white sheet grabs the arms of the rock tosser
and pulls.

,,Savages,'' says William. ''FIRST!'' shouts Wiliam. ''Why are these beasts acting like children.''

,,Prayer,'' says Myst. ''A high priests has been killed. The balance of Law and Chaose are unbalanced.''

,,You are right Myst,'' says Runtik. ''The high priests the Steel Hand was to kill is dead.''

,,Dead hight priest.'' Guile sniffs. ''Dead. Where...''
 
Runtik steps along the road. ,,You have seen. You have heard. You have known what I know.'' Runtik laughs, and her voice goes hight pitch. ''You can ask around if you like.'' She cackle laughs. ''We can go back to the firepit where the people wanted to sacrifce you.'' She release the nose-ring of oxgoblins and looks back. ''You want to ask around, William. Do you know?''

William steps, strides to the wagons and at Runtik.

Kirra steps before William. ,,Wait.''

Myst beats drum to mind echoing BIN. She hums between the beats and her throat vibrates. 

,,Yes, Steel Hand. You wait. You wait until the desert. Then you may have your way. And you will find nothing. You will be no where. You will be lost.''

,,ENOUGH,'' William pushes past Kirra, lifts war hammer. ,,YOU...''

Whistle whistle the night.

A distant shout of ,,CONSTABLE ORDER!''

William step at Runtik.

Runtik steps, turns and steps away the carvan. 

The lead oxgoblins stops walk, and the other's follow.

William steps at Runtik, ,,You want to be first. You fight to be first. The steel hand will beeat your skull in.''

,,William,'' says Kirra. 

Guile glances at William and Kirra. Then he peers at a shilouette walking along the desert ground. He yawns and sees the shape to far for sight to paint gray.

,,WILLIAM!'' shouts KIrra.

William holds swing.

Runtik stares. She holds two daggers.

,,William,'' hums Myst.

,,Need her,'' says Guile. ''Got no contract if High Prist dead. Don't need us.''

Kirra grabs the head of hammer and steps by William. ,,William.''

,,William,'' says Runtik. ''The Steel Hand. The Steel Hand. The Steel Hand who can't see in the dark.''

William says, ,,I will sing a flame and give back to your Bin.''

The word ,,Bin,'' from William feels to strike Myst's Song. William's bin fades with the ohter Bin notes in Myst's mind.

Runtik laughs.

And William steps to Runtik. ,,My a song save your troubled soul from the a discord.'' He stares at Runtik as Runtik stares at William. William sniffes.

Runtik sneers, snorts and fluters lips. Lips flutter spit on William's voice.

William jaw bone pulses. He hums.

Kirra pushes away hammer head and steps at Runtik.

Kirra says, ,,Walk, Runtik.''

Runtik steps backward and glares past Kirra. She steps as Kirra steps at her. ,,Where are we going?''

Kirra grabs the ring through the lead Oxgoblin's nose. She pulls on the oxglin. 

The oxgoblin stops. The wagons stops. The oxgobon's behind stops. 

Runtk smiles and stands.

Kirra grabs Runtik's kneck and queezed. Kirra says, ,,Who follows behind?''

Runtik steps backward. ,,Jan,'' says Runtik. ''Or did she say name as Ruth. She walks with us through the check points.

Kirra releases the ring of the oxg.inb nose and rubs her hand over its smooth green skin the scratch hair between horns.

The oxgobins's hooves kick. Nose snorts. The oxgoblins step. The chains pull and the wagons roll.

The other two oxgoblins follow.

,,RUTH!'' says Kirra.

The rough high voice says, ,,JAN.''

,,Ruth,'' says Kirra. ''Lead the Oxgoblins.'' Kirra steps with the oxgoblins and nudges Runtik's shoulders. ''Follow.''

Runtik laughs. ,,You want to be first. Well...'' She steps with Kirra. ''You have the papers. You will need th estory, too, but the story is up to you.''

William passes Runtik, and his shoulders bumps the back of Runtik's shoulders.

Myst steps after teh sounds listined William's voice and hearing William's bearth and feeling William's heart beat.

,,Kirra is the first,'' says William.

,,KIRRA,'' says Guile loud. He lays back on the food and grain bladdrs. ''Kirra. The first.''

,,Kirra, the first,'' says William. ''Kirra, the frist, leader of the Gladiator Pack freed and earning a living droving boxes of... Guile? What's in the boxes.

Guile says, ,,Don't know.'' He rolls to side and fumbles with the tarp before slipping from trailer and lifting the tarp. He glances back a few times at Ruth.

Ruth quick steps by Guile and the wagons.

Guile yanks and pulls and puls tarps from the boxes. 

Runtik steps with Myst as she passses, asays ,,The boxes contain glass root.''

,,Guile,'' says William. ''What's in a box?''

Guile pulls and throws flap of tarp twice before seeing a box. He grabs a box of boxes. ,,Nailed shut.''

William steps to the end wagon. William's steel hand grips boards. He lifets the case and throws the case against the gravel grow.

Boards brake, and a shatter sand escapes.

Rutnik huffs. ,,You clean or constable will come and arrrest you.''

William grabs the boards and box and bangs in against the the back of wagon.

Sand and glass pieces shake between broken boards. ,,We are shipping sand and glass.''

,,Sand,'' says Guile. ''All sand.'' He pulls flap over the broak box and food bags and lays back.''

William says, ,,We are the Gladiator Pack freed from the dome and pit of Gnomsidy guided by our First Kirra, who has taken over for the Second Runtik. We are looking to help the empire continue to spreads the glory of Bin.'' William riases arms up likea cross and looks to the night sky. ''OH MOON ANd SUN OF BIN.'' says William louds. ''I HVAE A DEATH SONG FOR YOU FROM REIGHN!''

Guile huffs and snorts a laugh, says, ,,Biiiiin...''

A cord of Riegn in Myst's mind and a guitar strums strings like slow and stready.

,,Quiet the talk of Reighn in a world of Bin,'' says Runtik.

,,But you are not first,'' says Willaim. ''You are not the number one of this caravan.'' William steps behind wagons and says, ''Kirra. What say you? Shall I sing a song of Reighn to guide our way from Oasis. Or shall we walk in the silence of Bin and fear that the goblins.''

Kirra hears, but walks a few steps faster than the first oxgoblin. She steps to the dark seeing a few packs of people walk the highway to the inner wall.

She glances and sees three shiloutte beings walking along the side of the highway follow the caravan step. Kirra says loud, ,,Sing if it pleases.'' She peers at the three sihlouettes walking the same pace as carvan.

Wiliam syas ,,Myst, our singer of Reighn's song. Leader of souls through the desertw with her song soe sweat.'' He strides to Myst's side. ''We will sing away this chaos of Bin and this law of Bin with the one harmony of everything. We will sing what we need.'' He steps a few steps staring at those around.

Ruth and Runtik walk on opposide side. Guile lays on the back of rear wagon. Kirra strides before the wagon.

Three sihlouettes follow the caravan walk along the highway. A few torhces burn along free way. A few tents of white rose around a campfire and wagons parked on the flat sand stone. 

,,REIGN!'' shouts William and sings loud. ''There's a song for us all to sing. A soundly world of tomorrow it will bring.'' He steps and grabs the hilt of the sword. ''So we will all feel the ring or the brutal loving sting. It's a song that has been fought. It because with our heart. The drum beat that grows us apart. From the impmortal God high aboe. If not for Reighn then we wouldn't love. If life would be silent. And no songs and sound singing from above. We...Walk along the road seeking to ships away the burdon of Bins' road. We walk through the night. Feeling no fright to a future unknown because nothing we seen is shown. Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee...Walk along...''

And William sings the songs. He repeats his lines altering a few words duign the awalk along the freeway to the part on the lart tall wall that rises high above.

The song spreads around the pack and sings to Myst.

Myst sees the song's echoes flow and define the cart, the oxen and the road to Myst. She hums, and her sight spreads with the hum to the ends of the road.

Myst hears the song sooth her veins, tickle her skin and follows the beat from her heart. She feels the song flow from her and around William. She see the the gravel of the highway  and sand bits of the sand stone. She sees the the detail of the near road wall. Her sights spreads to see the three walking to the far sight of the road.

The three are dressed in body tight uniforms with cloth coifs over head walks near the edge with the pace of the caravan. 

Fits of laught and bouts of tears shout near as shanties and tents rise from the ground

The sight of the three to Myst begins to blurr and distort through her sound sight. 

,,BIIIIIIIN!'' shouts a distand cry coming from one of the many voices chatting around the buidings near the gates.

The shouts clash and causes William to loose his tempose humm. He stops and hums and walks looking around the pack to Kirra.

Kirra watches the three sihlouettes walks near the other side of the highway with the carvan and says, ,,Ruth. Why are we followed.?''

Runtiks shouts. ,,They are unknowns!''

,,They walk to the inns and pubs to celebrate and morn the death of the High Priests of Bin,'' says Ruth. She smiles a wide smile. ''The go to the Water Hole. We stop. We drink to Bin.''

,,We walk from this place of heathens least we bless them with a free song of the true God of life.,'' says William.
Ruth looks back. ,,You stop sining will be blessing enough.''

William laughs. ,,I may be unable to sing like I am snapping my fingers, but I assure you that my voice sings better that Carlos The Barded Dwarf.''

Runtik laughs. Ruthtik shakes heads and steps close to the cart. 

Ruth says, ,,You sing. I listen to the cries of Bin.''

The cries of Bin whine from the crows that flows from tthe tall mud brick buildings. A few constables walk about shoulders to shoulder peering and pokeing. One constable talks with a elfblin with a bloody face.

The mud brick buildings rise to four levels and five floors high. Lights shines from windows and between shutters and through drapes. Wagons, oxgoblins and desert robed droves stands around wood walk ways and benches spread between two buildings.

Two groups of shoulders punches shoulders and slap faces while they laugh, cry and drink. ,,BIN. I AM OF YOUR COMMAND!'' shouts a soldier.

The tall wall mound of sandstone and stand rises from behind mud brick buildings and the sides of the highway road.

Desert wrapped hugoblins stumble and sway under a wood awening and on the decks. Carts and oxgobilns spread from Wax and Wane funning the highway traffice to the center of the road. Near the edge of the road, people point to the night or the figher light, close eyes and shout, ,,BIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNN...''

A carvan roll past. And lights illuminate two large buildings of mud brick.

William's Scare of Reighn glows to pains like it seering skin. He says low and deep. ,,FOOOOOOOOOOOOOR, RRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIGN. WE GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIN.'' The burn sooths. William calms.

Hiss deep and low tone vibrates lickes around Myst. The vibrations create a scene for Mysst to follow. ,,William,'' says Myst. ''You are first in my heart. You are the sword to lead us into battle.'' She reaches for William's hand. Her hums sing her a scene.

the song of Riehn in William's mind spreads through body. The song plays numb notes of the burning Sign of Reighn. The vibration blow over Kirra's tired shoulders, bunring cuts and her nub of a pinky. The vibration flows wiwth Runtik, whose hunger shakes and  vibrates to being full. The vibration sooths and draws the steps of Runtik, Ruth, Myst, Kirra and Guile toward William.

Myst's humm becomes and whistle from throat and rushing water and moaning and a bird. The water, maoning, bird whistle give flight to their step between the people standing in road.

The people standing in road the sun and moon charmss of Bin. They cry and shout and plead to the night and fire light. A few groups for circles around to people punching fists into face and bodies. Cheers and shouts scatter to mumbles and click and clack.

The people shout and cry in breat to the vibrations humming from Myst's thraot. They sing with the bird like whistles. The step away from the pack.

Wlliam steps and unknowning leads the back along the middle of the road, pass another caravan and between sacattered people along the road and between the tall sandstone wall circling the city.

Runtik and Ruth walks with swords on hilts. They feel the vibrations and hear the song with the sound of those Binites around. They watch glance as the pack passes between the disonacnes and rage of sorrow and loss and betweeen the massive walls of sand stone.

The massive wall of sandstone rise to the night sky and touch the last rays of setting sun. The walls span as wide as a pon. Shadows and sihlouettes of window sized holes black the walls. A few shadows move adn a light shines from one window in the sand stone.

Torches and hovering balls of light lilluminate the bath of the pack.

William and Myst leads the song

Thoughts of all want more to hear of the song and step beyond the walls and away from the pleas for bin.

A few people stand along the highway beyond the sand stone wall.

Small box buildings  rise from the Wane sands near the wall. Soldiers stand stand between the boxes and around fires.

Soldiers step from light and toward the pack.

Kirra says, ,,William. Ready to talk.''

William hums high and lower with Myst's whistle.

Myst walks beside the wagon with William.

Guile pounces foot hanging off wagon to the beat of the Mysts throat throbs. He pulls on edge of wagon and lifts to see over the cart edge. ,,Clickers.''

Runtik hears Guile and says louder than the Song of Reighn of Myst and William, ,,First of the pack, are you ready to pack with the guards?'' She laughs. ''You may include your reply in song form, but you don't know how to sing song with the Goblins tongue.'' She steps a little quick putting space between her and William.

Kirra watches runtik. She looks back and sees soldiers walk to William. She turns, walks backward and watches the soldiers meet William.

Along the the edge to the wane. A stone wall rises from behind mud brick buildings, white tents and many small boxes. Soldiers stand by torch light and globe light illluminateing one side of the road.

The other side of the road is flat open desert the rises and lows with sihloetted sand waves. The waves rise and lower along the edge of the high flowing north. To the North, and to the Wane of the highway, a wall riss from the sands and cuts betwen a distant sand wave.

The caravan rolls North over the gravel highway. The wheel run rock. The oxgoblins pull with the first sniffing and staring at Kirra.

Kirra walks in the front and watches the soldiers.

The soldiers march across the road.

William grips the paper.

He steps toward the soldiers. ,,I am William. I am the first of this carvan rolling to Shiptik to deliver the glass goods from Oasis.''

One of the soldiers staggers and lifts waterskin to lips. Other two click and click. One raises short sword tip at Willaim and click and clacks.

,,I do not speak the Army tongue, my friend.'' He steps along with the caravan. ''We are on our why this very night. For the desert is vaste and we must make it acros.'' 

The three soldiers stops. Two sway. Two raise shorts swords and shields. They all click and clack. One laughs and the other raises waterskin to mouth and drinks tipping head back and stumbles,  stands, sways. The hugoblins points and clicks and clack. All three laugh.

William steps back. He holds the parchment in the air. ,,I will be on my way now that it is no longer day. This certificate here reads to me to be the need to travel on or we may...We...''

The soldiers stand and sway. The gestilcate hands in fists and flat palm. One starts kick at the dirt. 

William walks backward for a few steps then turns to the dim dark along the road.

Guile watches the three soldiers behind stand on road.

Then one soldiers punches another soldiers. The third soldier steps away and shouts, ,,Fight by the light! FIGHT FOR RIGHT!''

Guile peers through the night sight until the cart rolls away into the night.

The nigh is illuminated by the fire and globe lights mounted on piles above the mud brick to the wane.

Globes glow rom a distand wall growing in height from the road.

Kirra peers along the wall and the road watching for the movemet. Her night sight shows the heat of fires and a few people stumbling from between small wood shacks.

Cheers claps and shout for fires and from the narrow paths between tents and shacks.A few soldiers stumble to the road, raise arms and shout, ,,BIIIIIIIN! RECEIVE YOUR CREATION!''

William feels a tickle in his thraot and he coughs.

The cough discords the Song of Reighn of the Song of Myst.

Msyt's song skips, reverses, waves sound the sings silence. The sonic sigt dims and flutters. She steps blind after the cart wheels and oxgobins hooved smashing rock. She hums and feels a warmthing spread, but as she listens the notes spread and find no beat to hit.

The pack looks back. The peers to see through the night, but only here a silence.

Runtik says loud, ,,Good work, First, The soldiers haven't killed or attacked us.'' She raises her arms and claps. ''Good show Steel hand.''

William strides and postures spine. ,,You are a thief drover that would probably sale her parents and friends for a gold coin to complete a job.''

Runtik snorts. ,,Steel Hand the First is funny.'' She lets voice crack. ''You tell those drunk Bin heads that you have the Constable note to allow YOUR team into Shiptick. I know those soldiers and all soldiers will be happy to see you have a constables note in you hand. They ask you to return with them and talk about Bin.''

,,What of Bin,'' says Guile. He slides from the end of trailor and stumbles to a walk. ''Why all the Bin crazy?''

William says, ,,Haven't see crazies like this since Westermore Canyon. Are all goblins this fantical? Or has all these people acting normal?''

And Myst feels the answer and hears the answer flow from her mind. She speaks. ,,The high priest of Bin has been killed.''

,,Yes,'' says Runtik. ''The high priests is thought to be killed.'' Runtik shouts. ''AND WITH THE HIGH PRIEST'S DEATH!'' She pauses and says calm. ''There is a tipping of balance between the moon and the sun.''

,,The chaos. The shouting. All it is because of death?'' says Guile.

,,The death is the cause of the chaos and law,'' says Runtik. ''The people can put blame on why.'' She raises voice. ''You can ask one of the soldires or a group of the soldiers. They may even let you experience a sacrifice in the first person. It would not be the first time warriors have ate the heart of the enemy to give blessing to Bin.''

,,This is madness. One priest has this much effect on an empire. One priest can sway a diety's follows to become crazy wtih law or chaos. The death of one priest having this effect shows how weak the being.'' William smirks and laughs. ''Bin may be the one God, but it is a weak God.''

,,You are ignorant,'' says Ruth. Ruth sniffs. ''You don't know.'' Ruth steps close to William.

Wililam clenches fist. ,,I know I can pound you face into your skull while creating a song.'' 

Ruth steps away. 

Runtik says, ,,Ruth, you be not affraid of William-''

William's Scare of Reighn burn. William fidget and says, ,,Ruth's calls me ignorant again, and I will show him how ignorant my fist be.''

Guile snorts. He jogs along to step with Myst.

Myst follows the sound of the cart wheels. She humms and taps on the bottom of her drum. 

In Myst's mind, gravel sounds, hums and drums taps swirl and find no beat. She wants to speak, but mummbles lost words. ,,It's more...'' says Myst.

William hears her words and her words feel to sooth his scare. He syas, ,,it's more?'' 

He slows step and stops. He looks at Myst into the night. 

All He sees is the sihlouettes of the back. Mysts short stubbled hair long since burned a time ago frames the night.

''It's more what?'' says Myst.

Guile clears throat. ,,The hight priest. The high priest is more.''

William and Myst meet, and William walks with Myst. He grabs her hand. ,,Myst...''

William's voice orders the crunch of pebble scrabbing pebble with the beating of drum bottom. 

,,I don't know, William,'' says Myst. ''The music is choas. It's...''

,,More,'' says William.

,,What!'' says Guile. He quick steps and mouth breathes by William. ''More what?''

,,I don't know,'' says Myst. ''The order of the song is lost. It's as if it's lost in choas.''

Ruth says, ,,Death is the law. Life is the Chaos. Sun is Chaos. Night is the Law.''

,,Repeat that?'' says Guile. ''I...''

Runtik says, ,,The High Priest of Bin is believed to be an avatar of Bin.'' She laughs to self and pulls a piece of parchment from a fold in her vest and branching armor. ''I hold a worthless paper.''

,,Bin is dead,'' says Guile.

,,Bin is dead,'' says Ruth.

Guile snorts. ,,How you know? A mesage flier. Teleporations. Messengers? How you know?''

,,I feel it,'' says Ruth. ''I feel Bin missing.''

,,Dead?'' says Bin.

,,No...I,'' Ruth shrugs shoulders and steps near the pack. He rubs thumb over a small ball held by hand. His had stares at the ground.

The cart rolls, and the pack walks many steps all waiting to hear Ruth speak.

Then William says, ,,Your contract is void, Runtik. And my steel hand only an abonimation no longer needed.''

Runtik slows steps and steps toward Willliam. ,,Oh, William.'' She lets words wander.

The wind gusts between William and Runtik as the meet in a space between the First Oxen and Kirra.

The wall to the wane rises from the ground as the mud brick homes and tents illuminated with torce and globe light. A few distant shouts punctionation the past.

Behind the city stays and the crowd of people near the exit gather and spread as they become one with the distant light. 

The wagon wheels roll and the pack strolls peering through the dark.

William walks forward. Runtik skips steps to William. ,,The contract was void after helping you escape the killers.''

,,Lies,'' says William. ''Lies for how waas your contract void by helping us escape the people who know won't want to kill me.'' He raises steel hand.

Guile's voice gargles to hear. ,,Why attacked if Bin dead. Priests after us. Kill us to get at one of us. Steel hand worthless.'' He hobbles fast to walk with William and Runtik. ''Why the priest want to find and die to kill. And what where those shadow soldiers?''

,,HA!'' says Runtik. ''You believe the death of any avatar will stop Bin's Blood Letters from killling you. YOu believe any woreshiper of bin will not pay to kill a Steel Hand. You believe you are the only one with a Steel Hand.'' Runtik swats hand. ''HA!''

William swings fist and hits Runtik's chest.

Runtik stumbles back. Dark hole opens, and Runtik falls through and disappears.

William raises shield and ducks.

Guile shouts, mind links with Ruth, feels for Runtik, but the thread falls dead. It lingears around until a shout thrusts and fades with mental echos. He flows into Ruth's mind. 

Ruth's mind pumps rage and hate with feelings focus upon William.

Runtik shouts, ,,You will not survive if without me?''

Kirra hears Runtik shout near. She sheathes swords and pulls bow and an arrow from back and steps behind.

Myst hums and taps drums.

Ruth, near William,  disappears. Guile still mentally hears the whispers of Ruth's mind. 

The whispers speark near William.

,,William. Ruth near.''

Ruth striks a dagger into Wililam's back. Ruth appears.

Wilill feel the dagger sink tip into shoulder. He spins and reaches. 

Ruth steps and stumbles away from William and throws a dagger at Myst.

Myst hits drum. A flat tone of AHHHHHHHH v

Guile sniffs. ,,We kill Ruth.''

William

Ruth hears a ring peirce her mind. Her muscles tense and body holds pain. She falls and hits ground.

Kirra hold bow sand arrow and peers the night steeping from the torch light around the edges of the wagon and the light shinning from the road side to the wane.

Giule feels a distant emptiness of thought. He feels a feeling of Runtik touching him through the night. A laughter streams into his mind and Runitk sees, >Guile, you come with me.''

Guile forces will through though thread and feels the mind spread and span. He feel her spot. ,,Runtik by between wagon and Wax side road.''

Kirra pulls bow and peers to the darkness and steps toward William. 

William spins and swing hammer like a club hitting a rock on ground. Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer head hits Ruth's shoulder. And with on hand, William swings the hammer for head to slam Ruth's chest.

Ruth's ribs crack. 

The knife in William's back pivots on shoulder plate into his back. Pain spikes and holds his arm still.

Kirra sees near the edge of night sight the body heat of a big warm the black a dark blue. She shoots an arrow.

The dark blue shape becomes one with the night. 

Runtik shouts. ,,MY CONTRACT IS DONE SILVER HAND! YOU DO ME THE FAVOR OF KILLING RUTH AND BREAKING MY CONTRACT.''

Myst songs flows a notes that ring in Ruth's minds. 

Ruth writhes on ground trid to stop the sound in mind. 
 
Reigns riseing and lowering tonal song  peirces Ruth's mind like a needle through the ears. The song feels to Willliam to cool the burn around the knife tip in his back. 

A burn spreads from the back of William. 

William falls to a knee.

Guile pulls Jewelled Dagger from scabbard and steps toward ruth. 

Kirra back steps to William. She peers the night. ,,We tie ruth, gag and blind fold.'' 

William's steel hand grabs Ruth's throat. 

,,William,'' humms Myst with song. Her tone changes to a low throat vibrations the spreads over the area and the land. 

The vibrations show to Myst all things visible and invisible from one end of the highway to the other. And through the night. The song sings into the minds of the Pack creating a sight near day.              

the song shows rock surces, the stone edge of road, sand and brush. A snake sothers along the side of the stone edge of road.

the window blows. Sage brush shakes, and dust flakes sting.

Guile says, ,,See nothing.'' He humms with the song of Rieghn as he feels the Jewelled Dagger glow threough him. ''We kill this one.'' Guile grabs Heart Dagger and feels his heart thump. He feels a pull and a push from the Jewelled Dagger resetting in his sheath.

,,We talk with this one,'' says William. ''If I didn't crush it's chest.''

Kirra hears the song of Reighn from Myst and lowers bow. ,,Song see the invisible.''

Myst intones. ,,It. Dooooes.''

Kirra steps near William. She peers at the dagger.

the dagger is wedgee between plates. 

Kirra says, ,,Remove plate. Pull knife. Bandage.'' 

William presses knee on the chest of Ruth. A burn spread from should and through body. He begins to tip foroward. 

Ruth breathes and lays still. Her eyes lay closed. Her arms lay flat. Her breathe is slow.

Kirra dumps pack and pulls rope as Guile sniffs and mind shouts into Ruth's mind.

In Ruth's mind, thoughts shouting, weeping, laughing, moaning, whinning and cheering an image of a Sun then a moon rises round and around over the planes. The planes brighten to light then fade to a night as the time and the balance flows over the desert. In Ruth's mind the word repeasts as a whisper, a shout and mummlbe and cry. She repeats in mind, ,,Bin. Bin. Bin...''  Ruth's mouth mummbles, ''Bin, Bin, Bin...'' even as Willian presses knee into her chest nearl her broked rib.

Guile says, ,,Her mind hides.''

William lets arm of shoulders stabbed hand. ,,Why?'' He closes eyes. ''What was Runtik hired to do? Why is this drove attacking us? Then Runtik is told to kill.'' Pains shockes through body, and a burn spreads. 

Myst hums through mind and see the scape of empty planes span around. She hums with throat to see all things visible and invisible with a wide arra effect. She begins to whistle with her throat song. 

The whistle song rings in their minds. The ring fades. 

William feels the bunr in shoulder cool. William stares down at Ruth. A drop of his sweat fall from his nose onto Ruth's eye. 

Her eye does blind or squint.

William sniffs. ,,Kirra. I believe we best take care of my shoulder before I begin to like the pain.''

Kirra smiles and pulls a fists size ball of twine from pack. ,,Tie hand, gag mouth. Cover eyes.''

Guile clears throat. ,,Gots a dime will power. A dim. Not strong.'' Guile looks at Kirra thorugh the flickers of torches burning from wagon. ''Kill her.'' Guile grips the Jewelled Dagger. 

A soothing vibration flows from Jewelled Dagger through Guile. The tickle in his nose numbs. The mucus in his throat dries. The snott packed in his now sniff away as

Guile stands and watch Kirra.

Kirra ties the wrist togethe, the ankles together then the ankles to wrists. She cuts two strips from the carts tarp. 

Myst hums and shows the image to those who hear. 

The road lays empty to sight, but a ox goblins maons from the Set. 

Kirra pulls two strips from cart top and hears the oxgoblins and hears four wagon wheels crush rocks. ,,Two carts coming. Not far. Be here soon.'' She strides to Ruth Myt and William.

Willima kneels.

Myst unlatches William's  shoulder pieces. Her whistel blows to the dagger blade and hilt. And pulls hilt.

Kirra stand over Ruth.

Ruth lays with eyes closed and mouth mummbling. ,,Bin, bin, bin...''

,,Kill,'' says Guile.

William says, ,,How long until the other caravan rolls this way?'' He peers to night. ''You see Myst?''

,,I see your wound and the poison that is burning your skin,'' says Myst. She inhales letting the throat vibrations spreads over the land. Her vibrations of sight see as far as a long bow shoots seeing gravel, rock wall and desert brush. 

Kirra says, ,,Sound is a whisper of queaking hear between wind.'' She stuff tarp wad in mouth. ''Farther than a long bow shot. Rolling slow.'' She ties other trap strip around mouth and head.

,,We kill her,'' says Guile. ''Kill her like we should have killed Runtik.''

,,We must talk with her to see if she knows of anything that may assist us in know what is going on in the city and in these people.'' William clenches teeth as he feels Myst's whistle blow stick into cut like a needle and flow through vein. ''We do not know who or what or why Runtik did what she did?''

Guile says smooth and calm. His nose feels clear and all itch is numb. He gribs the Jewelled Dagger and stares at Ruth. ,,Have not time. Caravan comes. Sees non-goblins with a gobliniod. Kill us. Run back to get the guard or constables.''

Kirra stares at the torchs and steps from the light, mutters, ,,Runtik.'' She steps into the dark toward the rise and the sounds.

Distant wheels squeak. Breeze gusts to a wind. Sand blows. 

Guile stares and holds the daggers as sand pits swirl around. 

Myst rubs the scare of the dagger. 

William grabs his shoulder plate. He looks at Guile. ,,We can not risk her creating a distraction. We can not risk her telling them anything of us. If it is for our death. A death she tried to bring to me with a dagger and posions.''

,,it will be a nother silent song,'' says Myst. ''A song that could one day sign of Reighn and sing the song through these deserts.''

Guile says with smooth calm voice. ,,Sings a song of us dead. Sing the Bin's song from lips.''

,,Kirra,'' says William.

Kirra stands and peers into the dark trying to see beyond the light. 

The crunch of wheels rolls nearl. Murmurs of voices are heard. 

,,We killer,'' says Kirra. She steps back and throws bow over shoulders and grabs short sword from sheath. ''I-''

Guile stabs Ruth's chest. 

A fuzzy flow of bliss flows through Guile. And Guile feels to glow as the blood does flow from Ruth.

From the Set, an oxgoblin bluster blows. Wheels push gravel away.

Kirra steps. ,,Move body. Now.'' She grabs Guile.

Guile holds the Jewelled Dagger hilt with both hands feeling energy flow from it, feeling the connection with it the body and one. Guile's mind flows through a maze of energy and floats.

,,Guile,'' says Willilam. He fusses and pulls clamp on shoulder plate. ''Guile, wake-up. WE move.''

Kirra pulls Guile's shoulder.

Guile snaps shoulder and whips head to Kirra, stares back with a snarl and sneer with eyes closed. His knuckles grips to white. His arm muscles lock.

,,Move the cart, Kirra. We move the flame. You act first. I am second with orders.'' William stands. 

Kirra nods. She steps quiet over gravel and to the lead oxgoblin. She clicks and claps. Her fingers snap.

The oxgoblins hooves grind gravel. Chains pulls taut. The wagon wheel rolls.

Kira walks. She holds short sword and glances to the side and behind. She says, ,,Myst. You put the torches out.''  

Behind, the flame lights twinkle. Star lights sin. Shades of black form a horizon above the wall of Oasis. 

To the side, William grabs Guile's hands.  ,,Guile,'' William says. ''You stand. You walk with the carts.'' He lifts against the hold of dagger in Ruth's chest.

Guile's jaw clench and shakes with the flow of pleasure from the handle of the knife. Guile feel like floating thorugh massaging fingers finding all the spots. He sees sounds of images of ruth running through caverns of oasis; sliding down landslides; hiding from archers; waking to the warm sun. 

His mind becomes undone. And blackness is flung and hits Guile. The floating fingers tickle then vanish. The sights twinkle, flash. BANG! Head shakes and gravel scrapes. 

Breathe breathes deep and fast. His muscles relaxs and body sprawls 

,,Guile,'' says William. He grabs the body.

Guile blinks away the pleasure feeling flow from the knife. He lifts head and stares.

LIght dims. The fire of the torces smoke to darkness.

William craddles Ruth's dead body to the trailer.

Myst hums and castes her sight. She sees the far and wide with song seeing the road, the two wagons, two oxgoblins and three drovers.  She sees the plains. Her sound feels the wind.

Myst's hum vibrates to silence by the time it flows over Kirra.

Kirra walks the night hoilding two short words and clicking tongue to mouth. She peers into the dark of the nights seeing the shades of heat from blue to purple to red. She sees it radiate.

A red radiating mouse runsthe dark blue night from a sack i the middle of the road.

Kirra steps over the sack of grain and looks back, and sees beyond William, Myst and the carts to see heat sihlouettes of an oxgoblins.

William holds Ruth's body and walks with Myst behind the last cart. ,,I am in need of that tarp being pulled back.''

Myst hums and steps and pulls back tarp.

William tosses Ruth's body onto the cart.

The cart creaks and slows. A bit of blood pours from Ruth's chest over the sacks of grain and on to a ew small wooden crates..

Myst pulls tarp over Ruth while William pushes boxes and sacks around Ruth's body.

,,Guile,'' says William. ''We have a mission to complete. We must move before...Guile!''

Guile hears his name, but it feels like a reason to smile and not a commad. The sounds from willing feel like sunshines warming cold skin.

Guile blinks and stares through the night. The wind blows sweat on face. The glow through body burns. His clear lungs and nose breath clean and smooth. He stomps on his ankle after the cart. ,,Do what?''

An oxgoblin click bluster snaps the night.

Kirra looks back. William steps to Kirra while Guile  wanders with the wind into the dark and away from the pack.  

The wind blow over skin.

,,Guile!'' says William.

Guile hears Guile, but hears the wind and blows with the wind in a swirl freeing mind from body.

,,What happened?'' says Kirra.

,,The dagger,'' says Msyt. ''The dagger that Shake had. The dagger that causes the song of Reighn to discord around it.''

,,He slows,'' says Kirra.

William nods. He steps to Guile and says, ,,Guile.''

,,William,'' Guile smiles. 

,,Walk.'' William glances back. He peers and sees the caravan rolling near. 

Guile nods. ,,Walking.'' He looks at feet. ''Still walking.''

,,YOu walk slow, Guile.'' William nods behind. ''And they walk fast.'' 

Guile shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,Yes.''

,,Sit on the wagon,'' says William.

Guile smiles, steps and jogs, reaches for the wagon and sits on end. He sits on Ruth's body and flops and lays to stare at the sky. His feet dangle. 

William strides to Kirra and Myst. ,,What's our path?''







