
Smoke fills the room as tall as full grown trees. The circlur wall made of thick tree trunks shifts and spread letting flames flicks and lick around the wood. The silk rope once binding the walk from top to bottom fall in flames to the ground feeding and fanning the flames burning the rugs at the edge of the large room. Pillars spaning from the floor to the ceiling vaulting above crack and snap. The wals shift and twist. 

CRACK! A pillar snaps and falls gains the wall. 

Flames rise.

Shake drops to hands and knees and leans into darkness. He reaches his hand into the darkness.

A cold metal bar hits hand. 

He grabs and pulls. He reaches lower and feel anothe cold metal bar. Shake turns and lowers feet from metal bar to metal bar. ,,LIGHT," he says. 

Minst open palms. A light shines from it. 

Minst makes a throwing motion toward the dark hole.

A light floats from his hand and slowly decends a tunnel of stone and wooden brackes. It flows by horizontal metal bars sicking into the walls of the tunnel.

The light descends. 

Everyone looks at Shake and follows the light down.

Shake looks up and sees...

Flaming steps from spiral stair case fall.

,,MOVE!" scremas Shake as he climbs and skips down the ladder of bars. He covers heard.

Minst, Myst, Spear, William, Jan and Kirra scatter.

A flaming board hits Jab knocking her down. Kirra kick board away and Spear grabs and lifts Spear. 

Boards hit and land and a pile with swosh of ash embers.

Everyone covers eyes. They cough. 

Fire climbs up the walls. 

Minst opens eyes to see the teleport scroll burning. 

William pushes shoulder. ,,MOVE!"

Kirra then Jan then Myst then Spear the Minst then William  decend the ladder.

Shake's foot splash into water and sinks in mud. 

The light floats down by Shakes feet in a puddle of mire and quag.

A tunnel as tall as a goblin extends beyond the reach of light. Warped board buttress from granite pieces fitted in on the ground to warped flat wood pressing against clay. 

,,MOVE," Hollers William. 

Shake lowers head and walks between the baord buttresses. 

The ground tremors.

A chunk of mud falls from 

Kirra steps from ladder bar to granite path and lowers head and crouch as she pulls out her dagger adn follows the light floating before Shake.

Smoke fills tube. 

Jan steps to puddle, lowers heard and steps along granite path her staff horizotal.

Embers float down.

Myst steps from ladder to edge of granite path. Head lowered and shoulders slumped.

Flames cosume the ceiling.

Minst coughs. Steps in quaqmire bends and waist and lowers head. His sack hangs from neck.

A CRACK! and burst of flame above.

Spear jumps from ladder, sinks in mud, crawl over granite knocking down a few wooned buttresses. 

A flaming pillar lands over the dirt tube down.

William lands will a clash of armor. He hold sword forward and crawls into tunnel.

Fire, flames, pillar pieces roar and splash into the mire. Embers burst spraying seering heat over the back of Williams armor.

Mud dumps on Kirra's head and Mysts feet. 

Spear's butt knocks mud from ceiling to floor and William's face.

Smoke billows past clouding the light beyond Shake.

Hand and feet, hips and shoulders hit the buttressing boards. 

A tremor shakes the was. Mud falls. Boards crack and drop.

Board slams Shake's head. 

Shake shrugs of board and pulls out dagger. ,,MINST, HAVE THE LIGHT GO FURTHER."

Minst flicks index finger from thumb.

The light shoots five leaps away illuminating an intersection in the tunnel.

"INTERSECTION," hollers Shake. He coughs.

Myst, holding breath, gags then coughs. 

Eyes sting and water. Tears drops and spread between the pieces of granite. 

CRACK! and SNAP sounds. The tunnel termors.

Boards crack

A large chunk of mud falls on William's feet. 

William pulls and feet and boots plop from mud. ,,MOVE!" 

,, WHICH WAY!" Shake stands at the intersection.

,,RIGHT," hollers Kirra.

Shake ducks and runs right. ,,WHY RIGHT!"

,,LEFT IS UNDER THE GOLBIN TOWN!" Hollers William.

The light hovers and floats four leaps before Shake illuminating  tunnel, granite path and boarded walls.

Thunder crashes. Smoke plums.

Flames and ember burning behind Willam darkeness.

,,COLLAPSING."

Kirra then Jan then Myst then Minst then Spear then William turn corner and follow Shake.

Mud fills in drops and plops.

Minst hit head on hanging board. 

Ceiling breaks before Spear. Mud piles blocking path.

Spear lowers should and slams through mud and tumbles to ground. Pain stabes chest. His breath is sharp and pain shocks body. He crawls to crouch jog with back hitting wood and dirt.

Myst says, ,,Rieghn if there is a path you see me need to journey I as you for a sign."

,,Pray to hold the ceiling," says Spear.

Boards above William crack and fall.

William climbs from mud and crawls to a stand. William quickens step and pushes against Spear's butt. William and Spear push the line forward. ,,MOVE!" hollers Willaim. "MOVE! MOVE! MOVE!" 

Spear pushes Minst. MInst stumbles into Myst. Minst and Myst stumble and bread buttress boards. 

The crask in boards above spread above William. 

Spear dives over Minst and Myst. Then rolls, turn and pulls Minst and Myst to a stand. Willima fills their space.

The tunnel ceiling collapses behind William and follows the crack above William and the path of willaim.

The light hovers before Shake then hit the tunnel top. 

The tunnel decines. Then slopes down. The granite path becomes mud. Shake runs to the slope. He looks back.

Minst stands from a fall and bumps head as he is pushed by Spear.

,,WE GO DOWN!" hollers Shake.

Kirra run and stops behind Shake. ,,Down is the only way."

Shake slides and steps into darkness. The mud spreading  and pushing and slopping aside.

Clay walls surrond. Goblins claw marks are molded on the surfaces. Mud becomes more dense and sticky.

Feces and decay fume.

Willam, covered in mud slows crouching jog, behind Minst. He looks back and above.

The ceiling boards creed and crack. 

William pushs Minst, who pushes Minst, who nudges Spear, who slips pushing Jan and Kirra onto the mud slope.

Kirra slides, scopes up Shakes. They slide down the mud, into the darkness.


