The pack of Spear, Kirra, Jan, Minst, Myst, Guile, Shake and William run through alley. They side step, step, jump, skip, stride through mud and over bundles of cloths, stacks of twigs, mounds of blankets, pots and pans, a few people sleep.

The people that sit or stand press against wall to let the pack pass. Few avert glares to stare as the pack passes. Conversations of mummbles don't stop nor pause until the people sitting or standing see the people turn the alley corner and see the pack running.

The people  chasing the pack hold torch, club and swords. They are lead by two women with braiads and muscles. 

The people and the pack are seperated by a javeling throw's distance of alley.

The alley walls become stone then woods then stones as height lowers then raises to warehouses. The alley ways splash of mud and muck from the mix of shit and piss and soup residue. Piles of bones and shreded animal skin patch the bundles of blankets and bodies wrapped tight. 

Spear's boot crunch a pile of rodent bone as human foot is snug in boots.

Kirra grabs bow and arrow while pulling strap of quiver tight to stop the pounce as she pounces and strides.

Jan hold staff behind back by gripping staff ends with hands. Her pack tight against back. Her algea robe tight against the flesh.

Minst wide strides with crazy legs finding footing in the mud and alley. He learns the speed of Spear, but slides as often as he steps slowing movement forward. With each slide, he grips his fist holding components. He slides his hand between folds of armor to touch the spine of spell book. He slams the round disk in Hern's bag between arm and side of chest.

Myst finds a beat from her drum as drum knocks around waist and hits hip and hand. She grips her mace and feels the random drum beat create a song that warms the feet.

Guiles grips heart dagger under the roll of wool sheet wrapped around body. The sheet holds his gut from bouncing as he runs and plops along trail. His nose drips snot and mind bounces away any maze forming between the bounces. Cold air burns lungs.

Shake's lungs expand from laughter for Shake begins to laugh after running through four alley intersections. He lifts only his thick role of bacon with frayed pack over back. Mud spashes on the only clean spots on vest, shirt, pants.

William raise a swords and runs pumping it back and forth much like Shake runs with bacon strip. William grips with guantlet fist the rope to armor as armor bounces and clangs and hits with pounds and sounds that feel to echo. He looks back.

The people of alley stand and stare. They pickup scatterd pots. They pile the refuse of bone and skin. They remains still. Their stare is broke with the rush of people that are more a horde of rage focused upon the pack.

The mob behind pushes people along the alley and knocks them down. They trample and kick the alley people to the ground to help push the mob's mass through the alley.

The two muscled womean strapped in browns and green leather armor run with eyes focused forward feeling to peirce William as William runs behind the pack.

The pack runs after ally intersection and alley intersection. The pack on by one look along the intersecting alleys seeing the people seen at distant alley end with street with people sleeping, shivering, coughing, moaning along the alleys to the roads.

Warehouse span and a wall manifests before the pack.

Guile coughs.

Spear looks at William back while striding forward over people and trash. He splits fingers and points at eyes forward and Wax then point to wall and poinst forward and Wane. Then lifts three finger from fist and points wax. Spear says, ,,Kirra, Jan Wax with me.'' He looks at Minst. ''Streets. Lead.'' Spear runs Wax away from the street and along an alley. He looks foward and raise both hands and points true Set with both arms before he runs Wax along the wall.

Kirra runs with Spear.

Jan runs after Kirra and Spear.

Minst says, ,,What?'' and steps after Spear. His feel slide over mud.

Myst grabs Minst and pulls on the elven chain until the elven change slips from hand like smooth silk. ,,Street,'' says Myst.

Guile snifs and coughs and coughs. The wool sheet around Guile's body opens and dagger falls.

Shake slows laughter and catches Guile's dagger before it hits the ground.

William pushes Shake and Guile Wane along the alley toward the street.

The pack splits wax and wane.

The alley Wax spans high to the sky with wood walls Set and Stone that create a path much and mud not as wide as Spear's shoulders. Spear leads with right shoulder through. Kirra and Jan follow single files.

The alley Wane flows wide along stone wall and stone wall on the side of the mud, blankets and piles and bundles of wood, cloth, pans spread over ally. A group stands between the end of the alley and the steet.

The group stops loud talk and stares at the pack.

Myst leads the pack split and pounds on drum top.

The group moves their thin, rag covered bodies from the racing sound of Myst's drum, Shake's laugh and Guile's cough.

The street speards and span Set toward Coal's and Rise toward the fields and a top of the mountains. People walk around and lead horses and carts along road. A few large line of people stand and sit amonugst crates and blanket and booths. Skinned chickens, drying herbs, necklaces, span on side.

A horse driven Wagon rattles past an dnear the alley opening to steet.

Myst, Minst, Shake, Guile and William run from the alley to mud and wheel ruts. Myst pounds drum then holds the pound to a holdi of drum. Minst holds components in hand and holds onto the rune covered disk. Guile coughs and Spear stops the laughing as he looks back with Willaim along the alley.

The mob hites the stone wall and spreads. A few people shout, ,,THAT'S THE WERERAT,' and let the friends of Laddin lead the mob to the street.

Four pull their run from the main mop and create a mop group that run Wax toward Spear, Kirra and Jan.

Mud splats and splashes. Snow crunches. Breath creates clouds.

Spear, Kirra, Jan run from alley to forest. They run Set along the warehous walls and near the trees. 

Camps and leanto spread through the forest connected by planes of smoke haze. People sit and look over at the trio running. They break branches and skin rodents with a glance and not a stare.

Spear Kirra and Jan run faster then the four behind.

,,WERERAT,'' yells one. All four run and leave the alley near the same time the main mob runs through the streets after the other part of the pack.

The other part of the pack runs through road, over road between mill and livery. 

Hay, saw dust and mud give path to behind Mill, a big wheel and a river running rim the aquiduct over the wheel to turn wheel against mill. They splash through puddle and step ice spread around the water fall from wheel.

Ice spreads to a pond and the spreads to a river. 

Feet press snow as they run the clearing of pond surround by trees with a tangent road from edge.

Forward they run curnching snow and cracking ices. Feet get wet. Breaths burn. Guile inhales and cougs and nearly stops from fit until Shake grabs him and pulls. Williamd helps pull and carry Guile. William looks back...

The mob spreads runs along the road and from the alley by the big mill wheel. They give chase over the pond. The two friends of Laddin lead the mob split
chasing William. 

,,RUN,'' hollers William has he pushes and pulls on Guile's shoulder.

Guile coughs and hacks and spits up blood. White billows. 

Spear, Kirra and Jan hear William's shout and Guile's cough. They see the mob run over lake along one alley then see the pack run across like from another alley. 

Behind, two of the four slow to a walk then stop while the other two runs after. One of the two pulls a bow and shots an arrow that flies through the bare branches.

A voice from a camp near hollers a shout. 

Spear runs from the shout along a series of short stone walls that lead to another stone wall then an alley then a building with stairs like Z's spaning three levels to roof. 

Through another alley past, Spear, Kirra and Jan see forest across the road filling with a stalled wagon pulled by oxen.

Spear steps and turns and runs alley. Jan and Kirra follow. Near the edge of alley to road, the see...

A mini mob following one of Laddin's friends. A forest of trees.

Through the forest of trees. Myst leads the run. 

Before leaving the ice, Minst focuses pace of step over ice  and sees the circles traced around bare tree limbs and pine branches. He lows run letting William, Shake and Guile run into the forest as he stands and lakes edge.

Across the lake body the mob runs as a few stop with the rage and others turn away. 

The only thing that Minst focuses upon and the pull of heat from body and from the cold buiding around a relief circle spinning to sphere.

Through the spinning sphere in MInst mind Minst sees the nearing mob. He sees an arrow rise and sling twirl and lanch.

Minst's hands crushes components spread guano and ash...

The bang hits before the boom and flash of fire spreads from the pond edge near Minst.

A flame arrow shoots through the boom and into a tree.

A clouds of steam rises then spreads through the trees and the road.

Cracks snap the fireball rumble. Shouts and splashing is heard. 

Minst steps away staring at the pond.

Spear, Kirra and Jan first see the steam cloud as they leave alley then feel the steam cloud as they  run behind the mini mob into the forest. They run with the mini mob.

Camps and tents rise from under limbs and betweem trunks.

Shouts and calls and splashing water travels through the steam and Kirra, Spear and Jan slow to jog hearing and watching. They hear Guile's cough and the 
random hit of force against Myst's drum with the splash and shouts. The see the ponds edge. Three campfires and families sitting, standing, gatthering nuts and twigs, fallen branches around camps and campfires.

,,WERERAT,'' hollers a voice. 

Twig snaps and branches cracks. 

,,HELP,'' is screamed from the pond.

Spear, Kirra and Jan follow the coughs of Guile.

Myst and Minst hear the call from help and stops. 

Shake, Guile and William hobble and step through the winter forest near a camp. 

''ROPE! WE NEED ROPE!'' is screamed.

The scream forces Minst and Myst to look back. 

William says loud between breaths as shoulder armor plate digs into arm as he help Guile.

Guile coughs and hacks and spits. He sniffs and wipes nose. 

,,Can you make it?'' says Shake.

Guile nods.

William glances back and walks forward through trees with a quick walk. ,,We go...''

,,But,'' says Minst loud.

William, Shake and Guile walk near a jog away.

Minst and Myst watch the steam spread and the pond top wave and swish and settle.

The pond ripples. Ice chunks flow over waves. Sihlouettes of people splashing in water caste through the steam.

People shout and scream. 

Spear, Kirra and Jan run along the screams and sees the wave of heat. They hear the thrashing and crashing through the forest and a low mummble shout of ,,BlUNDRIN.''

,,GRRRIND,'' is shouted from the pond.

Spear follow the cough of Guile and loud talk of William with silent and quick steps. 

,,HELP,'' is shouted.

The steams spreads and seperates. Steams flow from pond and into ditches. Steams spreads to show a pond of loose ice.

People balance on ice chunks, the splash in water, they stroke to swim through the shivers. A group of people run to the shore. A few dive in with ropes around waists.

Minst and Myst watch for a few minutes to long. They watch until one of Laddin's friends along the shore points and shouts. ,,MURRRRRDEEERRR'S!''

The shout moves Myst and Minst to follow William now distant beings stepping through the tree wall. The shouts sink deep in the minds. They spread a sorrow that slows the Song of Reign.

The Song of Reighn hits a low note in the distant thought of Myst. The song plucks and pings of guilt and confusion of what happended. The strings and percussive clash rolls over and over has her and Minst follow behind William.

William and Shake step to  with a stream. 

Guile sniffs. His burning lungs are numb. Snott drips. 

,,Walk fast,'' says Shake.

They was fast.

Spear and Kirra and Jan run silent. They run by camps without sound or turning attention. They runs silent and hear the cough of Guile then see and hear Minst and Myst.

Myst and Minst run near and see Spear and Kirra. They look back an see only trees bare and covered with pine needles.

A few shouts and cries splash water. 

The sounds find a note and a tone in chorus of song singing in Myst's minds. 

Myst hears the songs and humms the song with shallow breath. The fuzz of wine castes a long stare and an echo for the shake of mind. Sweat drips from nose.

Minst wipes forehead. Minst touches spine of spell book and sees campfires smoke and speople stand and stare as they pass. Then sees three running fast toward hime and Myst. ,,Myst!'' he stresses while stepping to a run smacking dry mouth and swollen tongue.

Minst hears the voice and feels the humm and looks to see Spear, Jan and Kirra.

All three run. they wordlessly join and lead a steady run through the forest to William, Guile and Shake.

Myst and Minst lag behind Shake, Guile, William.

Shake holds the bacon in the role of Branching armor in pit. 

Spear jogs by William. ,,Four followed. One followed as we came to you. Then one went with group that split to chase from road. That group stopped to help the pond people.''

,,None follow now,'' says William. 

,,None I feel,''  says Spear.

William nods. ,,They will chase.''

,,Yes,'' says Spear. Spear peers at Guile.

Guile's lungs burnt and dry. He heave and tucks knife under wool sheet.

,,Where now?'' says Spear.

,,Rise,'' says William.

,,We have a map, directions to a tower,'' says Guile. He coughs and spits. ''Minst has a scetching. I remember it.'' Cold air freezes the burning lungs. White puffs blow from nose. Guile sniffs snott.

William looks back to Minst. ,,Minst, you have a map?''

,,Yes,'' says Minst.

,,Silence may be best,'' says Kirra. ''The coughs and drums are loud enough.'' 

Myst holds drum and lets the suck from muck set some beat.

The much spreads beneath a thin frozen layer that cracks with foot steps. Twigs, pine needles, leave decayed leaves, nuts, crinkle with foot. The much spreads.

Camps and people sleep and span from the ditches. Water trickles between ice. 

The muck becomes near a sponge as the trees thin and part for a field filled with pavillion tents camps and leantos spread through the bare.

The sun shines on the open fields divided by ditches. Glares of sun beams shines from patches of snow along the ditch seams. Smoke traces rise through the fields. Shouts and laughter follow flashes and shifting sihlouettes run through camps. 

The sun castes shadows from the trees to the clear.

The sun castes shadows of the pack as they was along the ditch and by a few patches of trees hiding a wagon here and there. 

The road to Lyno travels Rise between farm lands, tree patchs and ditches and rivers. Barns and house follow Wax to Wane paths over ditch bridges and through patches of trees. 

A caravan of wagons covered with tarps on high loads roll long the road toward Lyno. 

The pack steps through fields away from roads and between the camps spread tight and far to the Set. 

People sit by fire, hide in camp or walk about guarding with knife or cutting for wood or food. Vacant stares are lost in the flame. People shiver and hold eachother. They shift to let the setting sun caste final rays upon their faces and hands. A fit of coughing breaks a calm. Then a baby cries. 

Guile begins to cough and convules after gagging on snot. 

Guile's cough clash with Reighn's song in Myst's mind.

The song of sorrow slows and stops, and with a blink, Myst sees the fields of people spaning. She looks behind with William.

Behind the field spans to trees. A caravan rides behind the trees. People sleep, sit stand around tents and leantoes.

No mob of people rush through field or long road growing distant.

The pack walks between a small town of pavilions spaning wider and taller than the Don't Pavillion of the Diamond Warriors. 

Guile's cough abides.

Kirra says, ,,Where are we going?''

Jan having not thought or feeling says, ,,To the desert?''

Myst and Minst's bodies feel dry, cold, tired and tipping. A slight pain spreads through their heads. Minst yawns. 

,,Sleep,'' Minst says. 

Myst begins to humm her song heard in mind that soothed her being before the cough of Guile caused cords to miss and strike againsts the Song of Reighn. Myst hums low then hight and finds a song of tones. 

Myst's humm warms as the walk from the pavillion of trees. The humm sooths the pain in Minst's heard and guides his foot through the muck and mud between camps and guards sitting on rocks and stump. 

William feels the wamth of the hum and finds the tune and sing a tone with Myst.

Spear looks back feeling no warmth or calm from the sounds. A sharp strike pulls mind with body causing a taut force to pull mind lulled by walk to the forest and the trees.

Through the distance and over three fields of people, Spear sees dark dot appear along the dimming tree line. 

Then the setting sun blinds, and Spear walks. 

Torch lights and firelight begin to light the night as the sun slips away then night fades from day.

The song of William and Myst does stay. The tone warm and calm and feeling like it captured rays of sun to then shine through the night. Even Guile's coughs feel to be notes then set a beat of Myst's hand to find from the drum. 

All but Spear feel warmth and calm healing heat of the song. The people near pack that hear fell a healing heat from the notes. 

The notes play and find to guide to notes of songs from a distant not too long form their path from the dusk to the night through the campire and torch light.

William and Myst's songs spreads and leads them to be near a camp of wagons and tents set to a ring protected by people with pitch forks and axe. Their song finds sync and harmony with a clapping of hands and strick of guitar cords around a fire and pot. 

Around the fire and in the wagon and tent ring people sing and dance. 

The pack does advance with William and Myst in the lead. 

The sounds to succeed in giving smile to three standing before them. 

Fire light caste the shadows from the night and show them in a light seen by the people with pitchforks and axe to part a path for the pack to the fire light. 

The songs sing to a song that last long until all notes play to silence and the fire's heat is the only beat and sound of the night until the guitar player says, ,,What sings you here?''

And there is a tear on Myst cheek for the song she seeks is playing in her mind, so it's William who does find the mind to speak and say, ,,A journey through fear.''




