
''Can't be good when a dog thinks you bad. Because a dog one may need to stab.''
,,Alone in a forest your good will not be found. Crowded in a town...Alone in a town. ...What was that. What did...Lost in a
We are not worried of you. We worry for what you might bring.
forest your good not found. Found a road. Bad in town...''
One can't be good when everyone things you bad.Lost in a forest no one will see your good. Walking the road good....
YOu can't be good. You can't be bad. Not to be had. 
You can't be good. YOu can't be bad. Even if a goblin army is all the army you have. 
A land 

,,Can't be good if everyone thinks you bad. Sometime it is good to be had. Then you know you can't be all bad.''


,,A grand poem,'' ''An epic. And a hope. But with the villians of the actors troupe coming to play for the town to gain its loot.'' 
''And no matter how much you kick them with boot. They will try to play a song to make you dance with their flute.'' 
,,And you only want to be thought good because you're not bad.'' 
 ''And you can't be good when everyone thinks you bad.''
,,And it will be the actors that will lie to you until your loot is had.''
,,And you will be the story of the song with the lute making you mad.''
,,And it will be the actors that will lie to you until your loot is had.''
,,And you will be the story of the song with the lute making you mad.''
,,And you may feel like everyone thinking you sad. As a child, easy to be had.''
,,But you are the only one make you feel bad.''
,,Because you can't be good if thought you bad.


''The villious acting troupe is coming to play for our loot.'' 
''And if you kick them only with the boot." 
''They will play a song to make you dance with their flute.''

''From the forest near they do come.''
''Their poisons will hasten and make you dumb.''
''I know for this was my fate.''
''When I danced with flute too late.''

''The Villious Troupe is coming to loot.'' 
''If you kick them with the boot." 
''You still dance with their flute.''

''If you bunch them with your fist.''
''A lying tell you will miss.''
''A show of the goblin hate.'' 
''Of hope the goblins will be late.''
''But the goblins DO NOT CONTROL OUR FATE!''
''FOR THEY ARE OUR DINNER TO BE ATE!''

''The Villious Troupe is coming to loot.'' 
''If you kick them with the boot." 
''You still dance with their flute.''
 
''And it will be the actors that will lie to you until your loot is had.''
''And you will be the story of the song with the lute making you mad.''
''And you feel like everyone thinking you sad.'' 
''As a child, easy to be had.''
''You are the one making you bad.''
''You can't be good if thought you bad.''

''The Villious Troupe is coming to loot.'' 
''If you kick them with the boot." 
''You still dance with their flute.''

''Punch one with a fist.''
''Another will try to kiss.''
''With tales of goblins being our master.''
''And their drugs that make the world faster.''
''But time DOES NOT CONTROL OUR FATE!''
''This is our time if we are not LATE!''

''WE MUST BE WARE OF THE VILLINOUS TROUPE!''
''THEY HIDE WITHIN COSTUMES AND DARK TIGHT SUITS.''
''THEY WILL KILL EACH OTHER TO CONTROL THE SPENDING OF OUR LOOT!''
''WE NEED TO UNITE AND MAKE THEM EAT OUR POOP!

,,Rieghn shines upon all, but can't shine bright for everyone all the time,''





Can't be good if thought bad. From the set and to the Rise. The sun is shining in our eyes. We are blinding...We are blinding.

Can't be good when thought bad. Maybe this life ain't all there's to be had. Maybe there's time beyond our minds. Maybe this is within a God's time.
Now don't you be sad. Nobody going to care for you if you bad. And no matter the hope of wha

From Lyno to the Higlla Jul. Following the Rise like the fool.

On a quest For The Small Shield. Through mounds of a dead field.

The cold warmed

Can't be good if thought bad.

Walking through the land of dead. Wanting only a feather bed. And having a soft pillow for the head. But having only skull and mud for your pillow and bed. On a question that nobody says.

Walking through the land of Dead. Dreaming of a feather bed

In the trash the victors hide. In the tresh the loser die. In the trash the winners surpirse. In the trash the loser...The losers. ...The losers...

Lost in mounds of trash. Like a a God's shit stash. Like you are the past

Kicker rode after Bucke show...Kicker rode after Buckey's life was stolen. Int the goblinw horde we grow. Finding that there is more to know. Never...Never hope. Can't be good unless bad.



Heroes hunger for food. Only goblins are in boon. There won't be good food anytime soon. 

Then the sun rises. Then the hero cries. Not another night with our fire. Not another fright before we tire

,,Another song of Reighn during the night time. There is no rite for the right mind to sing. No matter how long the wait for the last kabong to silence fast. Sing a song of reighn and the time will pass.''

an Another song of Reighn during the night time. There is no rite for the right mind to sing. No matter how long the wait for the last kabong to silence fast. Sing a song of reighn and the time will pass...Mind spells and witchery,Rise we find no guide put the road, and no stories we've been told knows where the road goes. To the rise. To the Rise. To the Rise we go. Where we go no body knows. No body knows.


Need the speed to feel a need. To make the mind race with the pace. ...Race with the...Reace with the pace of an unknow adventure. An unknown end. An unkown end...And the mountains were were once in. Are a black line thin. A sihlouette of the past as we Rise to the horizon.

Taking a guidance from a song is letting self be lead by a fool

Wet and dry and high on the short slope,'' Shake sings with a rough rumbling voice that gargles then sings. ''The raod to the the swamp drained for a city. The branchless trees and quagmire less pretty.'' Shake stops and mummble. ''Draining a swamp...

Heroes hunger for food, riches and adventure with goblins the only loot and feed where they venture. From the mountains and the towns through the nights travelling the heroes are found. Fates are no longer given to lecture. ...Lecture. ...The fates have no more the heroes to lecture. A song of Reighn sings the way from night to day. The road and a river guides the search for...For...For what?

,Heroes hunger for food, riches and adventure with goblins the only loot and feed where they venture. From the mountains and the towns through a swamp and the nights travelling the heroes are found. The fates give the heroes a timeless lecture with a song about silent travel being safe for goblins may conjecture. But in the dark the song is blind what is seen on the other side. It could be a dragon or a pot of gold. It could be the goblin slave owner waiting to captur
e you to be sold.''

And from the trolls and goblinkin that would have like to cut our throats but we talk ourselves from the swamp that is moat of the city we go, and now we have a wide road to create the tales to gloat


Food may come. Food will go. Sitting a chair should always be charished.

There is song left in the broken guitar.

I need change for I want to control too much.



With the enemy with the pack. Everyone needed to watch their backs.
It will return to the back. For one failure give signal to attack.

A song can fly you through the sky while our minds crawl the desert.

