Guile steps to the tunnel and ladder and looks down. ,,Can you fly, Minst,'' says Guile.

,,Fly,'' says Minst.

William peers at the shadows over the horizon. He says loud ,,Fly.'' And he says, ''In the sky.''

Kirra stands on top of battlement and holds her bow shaft vertical.

William says, ,,If Shake where here he'd find away out of the city or this world and not need to fly.''

,,Let go of Shake,'' says Guile.

William glares. ,,Shake's dead...We leave the disk on the roof. Now we go out the front.''

,,And now you listen to Carlos,'' says Guile. ''And don't thinkof Shake.''

William's guantlet backhands Guile's face, says, ,,Get out,'' graps Guile before he falls limp. ''Get out of my mind.'' And he raises fist.

Myst graps William's fist and goes blind as she says, ,,William you let go and stand down.''

Guile falls.

Flare steps from Guile's fall path and steps to the Rise battlements.

William steps and looks down at Guile. ,,Shake was speed. Who knows the truth.'' He stares around. 

Spear steps to Willaim and stares.

Kirra looks at a eagoblin flapping wings past her bow. 

Guile hears in mind, <|Take the pain there is no same for you to blame the thought that is not a lame pack animal. He carries the weight, so don't shake that guantlet hand...> Guile hits ground.

,,William,'' says Myst. ''Let evil be and to do not become evil.''

Guile lays on ground. His face pulses pain. Guile rolls after fall to cover his face. Guile smiles. 

William steps over Guile from Myst and stands with Kirra.

Kirra aims bow at eagoblin.

Spear steps to Guile and extends arm. ,,Rise.''

Nyst walks to ladder seeing the echo of her step lead down.

Kirra hold bow shaft steady feeling the balance through the wind. Kirra reaches and bends index finer and middler finger like a hook grabbing imaginary string.

Kirra pulls back arm with fingers hooked adn hold bow shaft steady. She peer and aims at the eagolbil and then straighten hooked fingers.

A loud scretch scratch silence and ears.

The eagoblin's wings futter, the body falls then flaps down and spiral.  

Flare, Spear and William look at Kirra as Guile climbs down.

Guile climbs down ladder and says, ,,We teleport.'' His voice carries. ''We fly. We go back to Lyno.''

,,I am unable to fly.'' Minst climbs down. ''I have no mind. I have nothing.''

Guile says, ,,We walk back. We wait and wait. They get bored. They leave.''

Minst exhales. ,,How do we leave the keep?''

Guile steps down. ,,You click and clack stairs.''

They climb down.

Minst steps to the ground and says. ,,My mind is spun.'' Minst's mind flash shapes and colors and scratches of lines as goblins clicks and clacks clack and click in mind. He squints and yawns the sounds awåy. He steps to the stairs. He looks at Minst. ''I am leaving.''

,,Minst,'' says Myst. She face Minst and hums a path to him. ''Minst. Our fates are the same for you hear the song of Reighn.''

Minst looks at Myst's scared face and swollows shut eyes.

,,Travel with me from this place, Myst.'' Minst steps from the stairs, glances at the ladder. ''Come, and we will go the Wax away from the goblins. We go away from here and find people to spread your song.''

,,We go,'' says Guile. He steps past Minst and two a few invisible stairs and stops and looks at Minst and Myst.

Minst looks at Myst. ,,We will let Reighn guide are path with her song.

,,With her song,'' says Guile.

The trio stands.

A gust blow...

...The gust blows over the battlements.

Kirra, Spear, William and Flare watch an aegale flap and shake to the ground.

Two more aegoblins flap from Wane mountains shadows. Their wings swoop and cllimb. gobnlins kin sit on back of aegoblins.

Then three more eagoblins fly from around the mountain to the Wax.

,,Fire the bow again?'' says Flare. Flare steps on top of the battlement.

William looks at the bow. ,,A gift found in the ashes of the fire in the keep.''

Kirrr raises the bow, hooks finger like hooking a bow string, pulls hooked fingers away from bow shaft. She peers at another eagoblins flying from the Wax.

Spear, William and Flare stand and stare.

Kirra unhooks her fingers.

She feels the slide of arrow against the shaft. She pers and sees a flash by eagoblin's wing. 

A few feathers fall.

The eagoblins flaps away.

Three more eagoblins fly from mountain toward the tower with a gobline riding each.

Spear grunts. ,,Mystical magic. Too mustical to fight all birds.'' He pulls war hammra from belt hook and pulls bastard sward from scabbard. He holds each and steps to top of battel ment. ''Hungry for some bird.''

,,Eats good,'' says Flare. 

Kirra lowwers the bow. ,,Flies true.''

William grabs his long sword. ,,It flies true, but what does it fly.'' He stands o battlement facing the eagoblins flapping.

,,Magic,'' says Spear. ''Like that curse guantlet.''

,,Cursed,'' says William.

Spear feels the words and the pull to speak. ,,Guantlet leads your anger. Your anger controls you.''

William looks at Spear. He looks at the eagoblins.

Eagoblins squacks and cries.

The eagoblin cries pierces ears on top of the tower and inside.

Myst hears the sound like a plea for help and warning. She feels the eagoblin

Myst stands before Minst and Guile. ,,And what will we do for food and the goblins army, Minst?''' Myst taps on the bottom of the drum.

,,We do what we do without William,'' says Minst.

Guile says wtih voice low. ,,I have food. I have money in armor. We go.''

,,I will not sing my song without William,'' says Myst.

,,Why,'' says Minst.

Guile steps down step. He says, ,,His care is more form small sheild and quest than you.''

Myst goes blinds as her humm stops. Her finger taps taps drum bottom.  She feels a force over come her like a drum roll that hits to a drum solo. She puts her hand on the bottom of her drum and taps finger inside base. She stepst Myst and sees and faces Minst like standing before her as he is.

Minst says, ,,It's true.''

Myst stands. She taps drum bottom and nods head back and shrug shoulders. ,,It be true.'' She smiles. ''But song follows William  and beyond.''

Guile steps down a steps and looks from Myst ot Minst. ,,Minst, do you leave?'' He poinst to the eagoblins. ''We are attacked.

Minst and Myst face and stare. One thorugh magic sight and the othe through sound.

The slow tap of Myst's finger on bottom of drum base creates a scene for Myst to see.

,,MYST,'' hollers William through the tunnel to the room. Willam steps on ladder. ''WE MAY NEED A FIGHT!''

Minst exhales. ,,Why not climb down the ladder and avoid the battle?''

Guile steps down a step. ,,They are fools. They want to die with battle.''

The trio stands, and Myst says, ,,It may come to be the fate will take us from the tower on a winged creature.''

Guile and Minst look at each other. They look out window.

Three then four eagoblins flap through sky toward the tower.

,,Have you any more magic,'' says Spear.

Kirra aim, hook fingers, pulls like shoooting a bow.  She feels the arrow force sprea through the shaft. 

The pack on top of the tower watches. 

Four eagobilns fly and short bow short for the tower. They tow fly to the Wane and two fly  Wax.

On the backs of the flying beasts sit tall hugoblin soldier holding bows as long as a body.

One soldiers stands on back of an eagoblin.

Another eagoblins and hugoblins do spins as the four eagoblin fly around the parameter.

A wind gusts and the pack inside and outside the tower top watch the eagoblins fly.

The soldiers standing on back pulls back and slowly relaxed the bow sting like a moch attempt at firing an arrow.

,,They are teasing,'' says William.

,,They are affraid,'' says Flare.

Guile, bellow, walks from the window and to the tunnel to the top. ,,We catch a eag...Eagoblin!'' He looks at Minst and Myst. ''I will control the rider like a puppet. They fly over here.'' 

Minst looks from Myst. ,,What do we do when the rider is near?'' He looks at Guile. ''What about the other riders?''

Guile steps from window. ,,I don't know.'' He walks to ladder and climbs saying before he enters tunnel. ''They trap. We take the beast and fly.'' Guile climbs the ladder.

Myst says, ,,Please wait, Minst. Do not leave now while there is not place to travel.''

Minst pivtos head side to side. He sits and reads spell book.

Myst hears hims sit and sits lotus on floor and hums.

Guile climbs the ladder to the top and sees the pack watching the eagoblins fly. ,,The mind of...'' Guile grunts and mouth breathes.

Kirra, Spear, Flare and William stand with back to Guile. 

,,I read the mind of rider.'' She steps and stumbles over rope. ''I read the mind for rider. They fly here. I command them to fly the beast and us away.''

Flare glances back, jumps down. ,,They are affraid.''

Guile sneers at Flare and walks into the wind. He stand by battlements and peers at na eagoblin flying around the parameter. 

Flare walks to the ladder and climbs down. 

Spear steps from the battlement. ,,We have no path flying.''

,,Yes,'' says William. 

The wind takes their words from their mouths and away from their ears of there packs.

Kirra, Flare, Spear and William, one by one walk to the ladder.

Flare says, looks at Guile. ,,You will fail. The eagoblin fear castle. Their mind the mind to control.'' She climbs down the ladders.

Spear and Kirra follow Flare down.

William stands and glances at the disk laying on the cement and at Guile.

Guile stands against the wind and sends a mental shout. He open mind to the echoing talk about him from the minds of William, Spear, Flare and Kirra like on thought in Guile's voice in Guile's mind. >May be...A way...No escape....Kiks it Klio...Shake...Mind bender lost...Guile is...< Then a loud >EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAK!< piece pain from head through spine. 

Guile's body wavers.

Guile's mind broke and open feels loud from minds, >THIS! GUILE! DEAD! ITHSK! FAR! DKSI! FUST! HURTS. FALL.< Guile's mind shatter and become dust.

The wind gusts.

A guile's body blows down. Guile's head bounces from cement. 

William steps, trips on disk and stumbles toward Guile. He kneels. ,,Guile.''

Flare steps down ladders. Kirra follows Flare.

Spear steps over disk and by William. ,,William.''

William lowers and looks at head. He says, ,,Kirra?'' and looks back. 

Kirra looks from ladder with bow shaft in one hand, says, ,,Wrap wound. Raise legs.'' She descents.

,,I've got nother to tear.'' William watch Kirra descend then looks at Spear.

Spear  says, ,,Guile.''

William opens Guile's robe or reighn. 

A fume of piss wiffs over William and Spear then blows away.

William looks away. ,,The rot of dead goblins.''

Spear kneels. He looks at head kneels by William and raises Guiles head. ,,Small cut. Blood stopped.''

,,I will nto be openning that Branching Armor for a wrap.'' Willaim closes Guile's robe.

A wiff of root weed blows past Spear and William.

Spear says, ,,Root weed.'' 

William pulls scabbard from belt and sits. He shifts shoulder plate and pulls the edge plate mail from burise and scrape. 

The cool wind blows through the Blue's Armor cooling William's wound and Spear's body. 

Spear opens Guile's robe of reighn, smells around and finds root weed and food ball. His stomach rumbles hollow. Spear throws robe of reighn over Guile. ,,I will not tear my tunic for Guile.''

Windo blows cold the hands.

William nods. He glenches expanded hand to a fist and expands hand open.

The guantlet feels warm.

Spear looks at William. ,,First you push him down. Now you guard while he's down.''

William looks from eagoblisn to Spear. ,,I sit way from  Myst and Minst.''

Spear looks at the eagboins. ,,Spellcasters create chaos.''

,,As do bards,'' says William. ''Mind readers.'' He looks at Guile' head.

No blood flows from Guile's head. 

Guile's head throbs and beats. The EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEARRRRRRRCH scretches to a silence. Guile lays and hears Spear and William. He feels Spear close his robe. He lays dead like he hads laid dead before as the head thumps and bumps pain. 

The pain in Guile's is bumped away with a beat game of making a song from the pain.

A song of Reigh sings in Guile's mind from Guile's game of playing hte pain of beat to a song.

The song of Reighn sings to Myst below who stands by window letting wind blow over face and ears.

The wind whistles a song with a deep throb beat feeling to sing above. 

Myst hears the song and see the tower and sees the eagoblins.

Eagoblin's wings fly and flap. A group of ten eagoblins flying a V formation flap from the Wane mountain top.

The eagoblin's sqwack and scretch. The sound create disonnacne around and consonnance in Myst mind with the deep throb.

Myst says, ,,Where's Guile?''

Minst reads book and says, ,,I know not.''

The ladder moans.

,,The fat one is above,'' says Flare. She steps to floor. ''He fell and hit head. He sleeps.''

Minst looks up. Red and orange circle shifts to a yellow square  around Flare. ,,Where is Guile?''

,,Above,'' says Kirra. She falls to floor and walks to table. She pull and push at paper and quills over table.

The paper cracks, flakes, blows and sticks to talble top. Bottels and dried ink fall. A dust covered wax candle dlowly bends then breaks.

Kirra clears table and creates dust.

Minst sneezes. ,,Where's Guile?''

,,Above,'' says Kirra. She puts bow shaft and pulls fletching tin from boot, quiver from back and her half empty pack on table.

Minst blinks, ,,What did occur to Guile?''

Flare steps to Kirra and the table and look at the pile of papers pushes aside by Kirra. ,,He try to control a beast. He feel.'' Flare looks at paper pile grab scrolls.

The papers are goblins scratch, maps and functions.

Flare reads.

,,What about Guile?'' says Minst.

,,William,'' says KIrra. ''William help.''

,,William?'' says Minst.

KIrra open fletching tin. He grabs a ball of silk rawhide rope. She takes the robe and begins stringing bow.

Flare glances at Kirra stringing bow and looks at the papers.

The papers mad drawings of globes and disks. Papers and papers with image of runes and disks. Lines and goblins numbers with functions mark images of catapolts and ballista and battering rams. 

Flare reads and reads the papers as some crumble to dust whilt other are too faded to read.

KIrra glances at Flare and strings bow. 

Minst stands with pack falling to ground, and a few components spill from sacke. He slides spell book into armor. ,,I will find the state of Guie.''

,,No,'' says Myst. ''Rest and read and be.'' She listens to the wind and the eagle talk with the deep throb thumb of Guile and the guitar strings that William played during the past. ''William wil watch over Guile.''

An eagles screams through the sky.

All hear.

Spear and William on the tower above both looks at the circling eagoblin.

,,It would be easy to fight,'' says William.

Spear looks at Guile's head. ,,Nothing pure and simple as wrestling.'' Spear stands.

William pulls Blue's Armor form shoulder and unhoods shoulder piece. ,,We had some matches there were times I thought my back was broke, but a scream from you to bend back brought back the pure and simple.'' William glences guantlet 

,,No all wrestle,'' says Spear. Sees Guile's face wrinkle and eye twitch. Spear stans. ''Guile is awake.''

He steps to the ladder and climbs down. He says before head is in the tunnel. ,,Be warned and aware of the guantlet and it's power.''

Guile blinks his eyes and sees the sun. The thob and pulse in mind beats a calm song that sooths its who pains. Guile says, ,,Where am I?'' 

William watches the eagoblins fly. He stands and grabs scabbard. He clipps it on.

Guiole moans. ,,WE are on the castle.''

William nods. ,,We are still on the tower.''

He climbs down ladder slipping a couple of steps sending a ring down the ladder to the room. 

The ladder shakes and moans through the tunnel and into the room at ladder's base.

Spear slides to base and hits with a thud. He steps away. ,,Watch for william.''

Minst sits and pulls spell book from armor to lap. ,,Where's Guile?''

Spear feels a slight pain over chest. ,,Above awake.'' He stretches and yawns near a bear growl. With slumped shoulders, he walk to wall, pulls bastard sword from sacbbard and sits. He closes eyes. ,,Food. Water.''

,,We need out?'' says Flare.

,,How?'' says Minst. ''If Guile can't control a beast to fly us one by one form this tower to then the path we came is the path we know.''

,,Can you fly?'' says Flare looking at Minst.

,,Me,'' says Minst. ''I...I...He looks at spell book. I will need time to read. I...'' Minst grabs pack and open and shifts through compoents, packs and sacks.

Spear pulls cloths from pouch and says, ,,Were we go?'' He rubs blade cloth over blade of bastard sword. A small pinch of pain speads through rib.

William's voice speaks through tunnel. ,,We get in the amrmor.'' William climbs down.

The ladder shakes. 

William steps down. ''Minst flies us from the tower top. We fly beyond what appears to be soldiers of the goblins army.'' William slips. His hand hits ladders step.

Ladder thongs.

William's body wraps around the ladder.

The ladder vibrates to silence. 

Spear says, ,,William.''

William climbs down.

All the pack watch.

William steps to the concrete ground and looks around. ,,We land. YOu exit the armor and we find our way from this city.'' William looks arond at the pack.

The pack looks at William. ,,You can leave where you may.'' He looks at Minst then Spear.

,,I follow you, if your fate and this adventure you follow.'' spear says, ''I will not be in armor.'' 

William and Spear look, and William nods. Willam looks at Minst.

Minst looks down to spell book.

And Spear wipes and looks at bastard sword.

With voice strong and soothing, William says to Minst. ,,Can you fly one and float on disk another?''

,,Two,'' says Kirra. ''Not in armor.''

,,I will not enter the armor,'' says Flare.

William looks at Minst. ,,Three.''

Minst looks at spell book. He stares at the spell book not seeing the words. His head pumps with color flashes. He looks at his scared hand. <Will I become a wear rat. Why should I. What should I do? Where  else am I going to do? What else is my fate going to be?>

Guile, laying on the tower top, read Minst's surface talks thoughts. The words of Minst sooth the pain throbing through the maze of thoughts of Guile. Rolls to side. He coughs, clears thoart and spits. 

An eagle cries.

Thoughts of Minst in Guile's mind snap silent with the end of hte eagoblin cry.

Guile looks up.

Flocks of eagoblins fly above. The wings flap like lines. Their distant dot bodies too distant to see their fanged beaks and calwed wings.

Guile stands and rubs the bump and blood spot on head.

Flocks of aegoblins fly from the Wax and Wane mountain tops. 

A wind gusts cold.

Guile walks to the ladder and climbs down. 

The tunnel down is silent.

The room below is silent. 

Minst looks up from his spell book. He lifts his bag pack. He open pack and looks through the components shufflings and pushing and shifting the componets form side and bottom of bag. 

The pack watches.

Guile climbs down, down, down and steps from ladder as Minst speaks.

Minst says, ,,I have not components to fly. I have no components to float.'' He looks at William. ''YOu need not worry about fate or our path for we are probably at our end destination.''

Guile coughs. ,,Eagoblins cover sky.''

Spear rubs sword hilt. ,,Search castle. Find way out.''

Flare looks over papers and says, ,,Castles have secret tunneld for escape.''

,,If one is never wanting to escape then one will not create a secret anything,'' Says William as he flexes nakes shoulder and tosses shoulder plate to ground. He looks at the brusie on shoulder.

,,Food,'' says Spear. He looks at Guile. ''Anyone have food?''

Guile sits. He shuffles his robe. ,,I got root weed.'' Guile pulls a dried handful from pocket.

A faint stench of rot fumes.

Flare sniffs, ,,Ripe root weed.

Kirra pulls on the bow and loops and pulls not on bow tring end. ,,Search castle. Water. Food.''

The bow bends and the string loops and around end then tightens as Kirra loosens bow tension.

''If trapped. We fight from walls. Sky.''

Spear chuckles. ,,Kirra's plans reason to mind.''

William says, ,,If Shake were here then we would have found every secret this place has to hide from the prying mind.''

,,Shake is dead,'' says Minst. ''And we are alive without direction or help.''

,,You may remain here and die or leap from the top of this tower if that is the fate you want,'' William clenches guantlet fist. ''I refuse to sit and die.''

,,Stand and die,'' says Minst. ''Dead is dead. Hungry is hungry.'' He exhales and slumps, looks at spellbook.

Guile holds the root weed and lifts it toward Spear. He says, ,,There be the spheres and the teleports.''

Spear peers at Guile and looks at swords as he cleans.

Flare sees map of desert.

The map of desert breaks and crumbles. ,,We go through the desert to Mid desert then we go to my home village and gather the warriors.''

A hand size map piece hangs from Flare's hand. She steps and lets the map flaot to Spaer.

The map piece lands before Spear.

Flare steps to the maps, says, ,,The desert.''

Spear glances at the map piece.

,,What's in the desert?'' Minst closes his spell book and rubs away the colors, shapes and marks.

,,Mid desert is a city created and maintained by gnomes. The city is known for it's minerals, trading and Gliktha Mena.'' Flare's lips slip a klick the says. ''The stadium fights.''

Spear grabs warhammer. ,,Stadium fights.'' Spear glances at William and grins.

,,If stadium is where the goblins come, then I will go for the heart of their leader may be a family bane that needs to die,'' says William.

Spear looks at William. ,,A desert for fate.''

William pulls pother shoulder piece from shoulder and tosses it to the ground. And with the clank of amror he says, ,,We need to leave this tower before we can journey new faith. He pulls Blue's Armor from chest and body. He unfassens platemail. ''If we can't fly. We can't teleport.'' He looks at Myst. ''We fight our way out.''

Kirra raises bow and pulls string. ,,We kill them at night. Myst sing the illusion.''

Myst's song in mind slow then silence. 

Myst breathes a gasp as soothing words like wind whisper loud to her mind. She sees bright light. 

The lines of the tower shape and the table untrace from Myst's mind. She says, ,,A song of illusion may be ellusive as I will try, but one we must be.''

,,We fight,'' says William. he tosses of the plates on hips and ankle. ''Like Kirra says. We fight from the castle and let the song of reighn caste us as an illusion.

We meet at Carlos's hotel or we leave with a caravan.''

,,How will we evade hundreds of soldiers and the thousand through the city?'' Minst huffs.

,,Fight,'' says William. ''You can still caste  firball?'' William pulls off chainmail. ''Or are you going to remain here and starve?'' William throws chain mail to ground.

Minst pulls goblins spell book from pack and reads.

William pulls off hide.

Cold wind freezes and dries William's skin.

Flare looks at William. She looks at papers. ,,We will not hide in the city.'' She sees a map of the Set Mountains. ''They will find.''

,,What is your plan, Flare?'' says Minst.. 

Flare says, ,,We search castle. If we find not secret, we fight before we hunger weak.''

William stretches arms behind back and shrugs and nods head back. ,,I like the fate of that plan.''

,,Where do we go when we leave?'' says Minst. ''Do we go to Lyno? Do we go to Westmore Canyon?''

Kirra notches arrow to bow and string and pulls back. ,,We look. We fight. We die if caught.'' She aims for an eagoblisn and fires arrow the arrow files and clips a green wing of an eagoblins.

The eagoblin flaps away.

Flare softly clicks and says, ,,We will find a way out.''

,,That way out we may fight,'' Spear rubs mud stanin between the relief images of a roses around the handle.

Kirra plays bow on table, unfassens the blow sting and pulls. ,,We find way out. Or it find us.''

,,William,'' says Spear. ''Our path.''

William lays on cold stone. ,,My path will be to find those leading the goblisn army to the coast. If we can not find a path beyond the soldiers that surround. If the soldiers remain as strong as they fly and stand around the castle. If we leave the castle for a fate of fighting the goblin horde as we escape this place. Then I for one will want any fate where the pack lives even if it not be as one.'' 

The cold wind cools William's shoulder.

,,A beautiful song for Reighn,'' says Myst. ''Though illusion may not be as the sight creates an illusion for only me to see, but with mace in hand I will fight and sing.''

Minst looks up from goblins spell book. ,,And what is it that we do until fate or time or hunger kills?''

Guile sniffs. ,,I have no more root weed.'' 
 
William says.  ,,We search the tower the keep and the castle.''


