William's throat bleed over the platform.

Attik's body is cruched under the platform.

The platform breaks and crushes Attik's body as it vibrates to sette in the hole in the ground.

On the ground near the platform lays Guile's Heart Dagger.

Guile steps and grabs his Heart dagger and reache for William. Thobs of pain spread from balls through groing and stomach as Guile bends to grab the knife.

William stares above. His mouth and body is still. His hands are hope.

Guile kneels by William and feels the hollow pain spread through stoamc and up throat.  Guile pulls the glove from William's hand and wraps it under gray suit, holds it like a baby. Pain bounces and rips from Guile like the baby wants to fight out of Guile's groin.

Big Hairy stares at Guile, Attik, William.

Guile turns to face Big Hairy. He shout, ,,We need to hlep, Attik!''

Big Hairy moves his big hairy muscle fat body. He kneels and grabs one of Attik's ankles.

Attik's legs are crush and pressed between the platform and the hole in the floor.

Big Hairy pulls on Attik's leg.

Attik's leg moves and skin rips.

Guile steps from the platform and stuffs the guantel into branching armor and by stomahc. He sucks in stomach. He says loud, ,,WE HAVE A DEAD GRAY.''

Love steps into room with three soldiers wearing purple and yellow. The shadows appear to stretch and span and follow the guilds and the candle light.

the candles flicker and flash with the Love in the lead.

Guile steps to service hal land hold gut.

Two guards grab Big Hairy and push Big Hairy asside.

Big hairy stands and bows head with back against the wall.

The guards grabs William's body.

Love kneels by William and pushes a guantlet over Williams silver looking hand.

A guard wraps a white cloth arond and around William's neck.

William lays still, and throat slowly oozes blood through the white cloths.

Love steps from Willam and along the hall to the dark wall.

The soldiers lift William's body and carry Willima behind Love.

William's head falls back and hits ground.

Love snaps fingers and peers at the guards.

The guards lifts William's body further off the ground.

Love leads the processioninto the dark wall.

Guile watches the shadows shift toward the darkwall then steps to the service hall and by the rags and pust bloody rags in the bucket.

A few grays with Gril fall from the portal above the platform.

Giule shakes heads and poinst and says fast, ,,Feel. it...The platform feel. It feel and the warrior was dead. They just.'' He stands.

A group of gnomes yearing black overalls and holding black bags walks through thehall and towaard the platform.

Guile grabs bucket handle  toward big Hairy.

Big Hairy stands by the platform adn the crushed legs of Attik.

Tono and two grays stand behind. They click and clack.

Guile shakes body and look from each othe grays. ,,Don't know. Feel and hit. Just hit. And The warrior is dead.''

Tank and the grays click and clack.

Tonk and the grays look at the platform and the gnomes knee play the platform and open their black packs.

The gnomes pull chissel and hammers from packs and chissle the platform. Glass chips spreads, and a create grows through teh platforms glass.

The grays stand and look around.

Tonk nudges Big Hairy and clicks and clacks. She points at the ground and the platform.

Big Hairy stands and stares.

Tank pushes Big Hairy and steps to guile. ,,You see this platform fall?''

Guile shrugs and nods head back. ,,Fell to the ground and hit. Fell fast.'' He grips the bucket with the guantlet. ''Has this happened before. Does this.'' He looks at two of the grays. ''Not getting on that.'

The gray click and clack.

Tonk snorts. 

The gnomes hit hammers against the end of chissel. 

the platform shatters and fragments as the gnomes begin to hit chissels to surface.

The grays step back and push guile back.

Tonk looks at Big Hairy. ,,You see anything. People will want to know what happened.'' She stares and kicks ground. ''We be blames.'' She looks at Guile. ''You know why Attik under the platform. Why?'' Her green face light's near a light green.

The other grays stepf rom Tonk.

tonk peers at Guile, WHY?'' Spit flies on Guile's face.

Guile says. ,,I...'' He looks at the squished dead body and steps away.

Tonk kicks at a bloody rick. ,,WORK!'' tonk grabs a bloody rag and tosses 

Another gray shouts and spits on the floor.

Guile grips bucket. He steps behind Tonk. He lifts foot to nudge the back of a gnome chisselling the platform.

The gnome stays and drips chissel to brace body from falling, looks back. The gnomes wide eyes look at guile. Small round shpere's of glass, like Hern's Spectacles, shield the gnomes eyes.

Guile drops bucket with a bang.

Another gnome mummbles and clicks and peers at Guile.

A gray jolts after the bang.

guile grabs the buckets.

Tonk raises harm and points away from the platform. ,,Big Hairy, you take Guie from here using the serive path.''

A few soldiers wearing red and black step through teh wall of darkness.

Guile grabs bucket and steps near Big Hairy.

Big hairy nods and looks to ground and walks to ward the service hall.

Guile steps after Big Hairy and walks backward along hall to see path.

the soldiers march and spread along the walls. One of the guards holding the holdy metal small shield stesp to tonk and begins to click and clack. Tong and the solider point to the platform.

Guile steps from view and hit Big Hairy.

Big Hairy stands around the hole and looks into the hole. He points down.

Guile kneels by the hole. ,,Service tunnel.'' His sight ajdustes to sees the dim light and the hold.

In the hole, rows of metal bars stick from one part of the tube down giving the circle tube.

Big Hairy points. 

Giule grabs the bar.

The bar is stick wet with blood and piss. Fumes bloom as Guile's hand twists and breaks a dry crust of piss and blood on each bar.

On each bar, slime coats and blooms a stinging fume.

Fumes spread through Guile's mind.

Guile pukes, and body convulses. He drops bucket.

Bucket falls into the dark beyond is dim light sight. 

There is a thunk and a splash. 

Guile swallows pile and climbs down fasts as big Hairy stands over hole.

Big Hairy slowly walks and lowers big body in hild. His shoulders rub against the slime and slip down with climb.

Guile quikly slids down with a splash. His ankle twiests, and body falls into stream flowing along rot stained glass tube twice the height of Guile.

The bucket rests near Guile'e head. The towels spread and soak the waste floating between mounds of rot along the tube.

guile stands and grabs the guantlet from the bucket and stuffs the guantlet into the branching armor and shoves it into a large pocket around stomach.

But the time guile has the guantlet hidden as a big budlge on stomach, Big Hairy stomps to the filth of the tube. He points and walks along the tube incline.

Guile gags and covers mouth as wiffs of stench billow around as they walk to another hole.

Big hair grabs the bars and climbs through the tunnel.

Guile follows grabbing the guantlet every few rungs to touch the buldge of the guantlet.

They climb, and light shines.

Big Hairy lifts a glass lid.

Two pike points poke at Big Hairy as the glass lid slides aside.

Big Hairy clicks and clacks.

The pole arm tips pull away allowing big Hairy and Guile to climb from the hold into a small room.

The small room hold a hole and two guards. buckets and pole lean against walls. The two guard click and clack.

One guards says, ,,You walk from platform path?''

Giule nods. He wipes the tears from the stink of the stench from eyes.

The other guard clicks and clacck.

Big Hairy stands and presses into corner.

Guile sniffs. ,,Platform fall and kill gray. Warrior taken. Grays and gnomes fixing platform.''

The guard laughs. ,,Gray fixing,' The guard smiles. ''You funny. Grays watch and get. Grays don't wark.''guile smiles and nods. ,,We told to go. No more work. We go.'' He steps to a skinny hall looking back and stepping to a larger hall.

A few grays walk past. They sneer at Guile.

Guile walks into hall away from warroirs waiting and into dark wall. He wraps arouns around stomach.

Big Hairy follows. He stares at the ground. 

Guile leads along the hall toward a lift. 

The lift lowers.

A few grays walk from the lift and past Guile.

Guile walk to the edige of the shaft and looks down. 

Big Hairy steps behind Guile. He sniffs and wipes nose.

Guile feels the sorrow span from Big Hairy with a swirl of rage beating from body. Guile sniffs and lowers voice. ,,Life short. Death tall. It looms above all. By Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

A feel of sorrow blows away the rage.

They stands qyiet. Blood dries over their faces. Sweat fumes rot and stink. Guile needs to pee, but stands near Big Hairy and stares the dark with head down.

Then a lift appears.

Both Big Hairy and Guile raise head and step away.

Guile forces a sigh as the lift settles beofre the pair.

Four grays stand and stares. Sweat and blood stains their gray suits.

Giule and Big Hairy step on the lift, and the lift rises then stops with silence and stanres forward.

Guile stesp forward and walks the services halls to the spiral stairs down.

Big hairy follows with head hung and looking over the ground.

A few groups of grays pack along hall. One groupd sits by boxes and bags.

Smoke billows and clouds. 

Guile sneezes and steps wide. His short stubby legs bend for a job.

Big Hariy follows with a long stride. 

Guile fast steps around the corner and runs.

Grays, boxes and stink of rot flow past Guile as he steps to spiral stairs and glancs back.

Big Hairy jobs around the cornoer.

Guile steps down the stairs with feets shuffling and clapping from one staircase to the next. Near the last step, Guile's foot slips, and ankle twists, body falls.

A few grays step aways. All stare. One shouts. ,,Watch gray.''

Guile stands and limps along the hall, opens door and kneels before his chest. Heg rabs pack, stuffs carrafe, dagger, cube, a bundle of jerky and white sheet. He pulls the gray suit from body, grabs the wine carrafe and pous it over head and hands washing blood away.

Wine flows over faces stinks eyes and leaves a stick feeling. 

Guile wipes facea dn blood and checks for blood as he pulls the branching armor then the rope over reign over body.

Silhouettes walk by door. 

Guile takes the guantlet and shoves it under the branching amror, an it feel to wrap and pull the guantelt tight to Guile's stomach. With the bag over shoulder and Robe of Reighn under shoulder, Guile lips along the hal to the other stares

The guantlet sags in his stomach.

Ankle bursts pains through leg with step. 

Up the stairs, Guile hobbles holding stomach and jaw tight.

He limps from the spiral stairs and along the open gallery of pillers to the stairs outside. 

He hobbles and limps. 

People stare at Guile and turnup noses and

As Guile walks up the stairs to the great hope bright, he looks back.

Big Hairy walks from stairs and along the open entrance and exit from the stadium. He wears tan pants and loose shirt tied by bell and spread for hairy chest. A silver necklace hangs around neck, and  a cutlass hangs at side. by a black shash that warpa around waist and under Big Hairy's belly. His wide strides step after Guile.

Guile scampers the stares.

Bright lights shines.

All things are white for Guile.

Guile squts and tries to visor eyes agaunst the brigh.

The bright shines all. Through the bright murmurs the surface talk mummbles with a few clicks and clack talking through the bright.

Guile walks, and his shoulders bump steel the cltoh and skin. ,,Hey,'' one says. ,,Step away,'' says another.

The last nudges Guile. Sounds of shell or cups banging clomp with Guile's stumple.

Ankl pain winces Guile.

Giule bulids the lights.

Silhouettes become people before. Above the bright remains bright like a while that shines from while.

From the white lights fall glass buildings rise hight to the sky.

Guie blinks and looks forward.

People wear trousers, dresses wraps, shorts and skirts with shirt hanging and tight. People carry and liftl pull and push bags, carts, people and themselves through the people between the biuldings.

Between the buildings, stands spreads over opaquie glass like obisdian. The obsidian dark rises behind Guile to create the Stadium.

From the the stadium, Big Hairy walks at Guile.

Guie walks from the building and with people walking a long throw span between buildings. Small paths like alley span between the glass towers and buildings. Darkness spreads thorugh the alley.

A whiff of smoke and cinommuon fumes as a group of gray rrobe and hooded beings shuff past.

Guile steps on tips of toes and reches to see over the heads and shouldes of hugoblblin, hobgoblins, humans, orcs and an id. 

Bright buildings are seen.

Guile sees through the the Mind Trust. >You see where?<

The mind trust purrs through Guile. The purr spreads through Guile.

Guile steps adn feels the feeling of loss to the Mind Trust.

Mind Trust purrs and itch.

Guile stops walking.

He looks between people behind and jumps to look back at the obsidian stadium.

Big Hairy is not seens.

Guile leaps up to the right.

Big Hairy lumbers and jostles between people. His big hairy head rises above the rest.

Guile steps to his wane and walks away form Big Harry.

The mind Trust itch sooths to a tickle.

Guile walks and jostels agains at flow of people.

People peer and stares at Guile. ,,MOVE!'' shouts an orc.

Orc slams shoulder into Guile.

Guile stumbles back. ankel twists and Guile file.

Boot, shooes and big feet walk past. A few step on Guile.

Guile stands and grabs heart dagger.

He pushe fromthe flow and walks.

The hive mind tickle is a hum.

Guile steps into o a flow along the wide street between the glass buildings. He glances behind.

People walk. A puff of smoke from a pipe held by halfing smolders around.. The crows walks with waves. The wave parts.

Big hairy steps and jostels between peoples. His eyes peer at Guile.

Guile walks from Big Hairy and feels pumps and nudges.

All eyes above stare forward. A few eyes stare at Guile. People walk past.

Guile scambles to feet and scampers between people. His bag catach and pulls and he slides between people.

The people snarl. More than a few say, ,,Vagrent,'' ,,Packnic,'' ,,Juvinail,''

Guile sniffs and limps through the crowd avoiding the stares as he limbes between groups and pars and around walking people. 

People fume of sweat, mint, musk, farts, burps and stenches covered with yellow smelling flow puffs the blume between the people. Hugoblins faces covere most the faces around witha few humans looking beyond and following the flow forward.

Forward guile flows feeling the tickle of the mind hove beocme a purr. Forward Guile leaps up and looks back. He lands and stumbles. He sees...

Big Hairy walks after Guile with the flow, but at an ankle toward Guile's wax. Big Hairy walks wax away while stare the whole way. 

Guile nudge the back of an orc.

the orce grunts, swing elbow back and says, ,,BACK.'' 

Guile walks past and ducks stares between the people following the walks na dfeeling the purr flow from the Mind Trust.

Then the purr becomes a tickle. 

The flow walks a path striaght between buildings and a tall glass wall that rises to the bright. Along the talll bright walls, balconeys and stairs cases are carved; windows afre framed adn people sit on class chairs and stairs.

People on the the buildings that surround, sit and stand beyond the glasse walls.

as the tickle becomes an itch, Guile follows the step through teh street and stares at the bulidings.

Buildings rise and short and hight until the wall rises. The builidngs are lights shades of red, blue and green flowt through the walls. Rainbows caste frome bright reflects. And from tope to bottome, blurred people and sihlouettes are seen through the walls.

The walls rises from archways; hall ways and streets flowing uunder and between the buildings. Paths of peole step from the path guile Walks.

Guile walks and feels the itch become a burn.

Guile walks on and watches a group of laughing hugoblins walk past.

Big Hairy stands near Guile's wane and strides at Guile.

Guile steps away from Big Hair and between people walking forward, bumping and pushing from one flow of people to the next.

The flow stops and shifts and pauses. People push Guile and people. ,,YOU.'' ,,Off.'' ,,Fool.'' Comments talk. 

The flow ebbs, sway and continues on. 

Snort and snot drip from heavy pant of Guile as he pushes from the people in into an ally. 

Big Hairy steps close behind as people step from Big Hairy's path. That path leads after Guile.

Guile leads through an alleys with piles of sand against the wall. Boxes rise with sacks tips and leaning agains the walls. 

The walls extends to the bright. One ends before the other is a sheer climb up.

Forward, Guile limp runs.

People laugh and points, stumble from door with tobacoo smoke flowing around Guile and vagrents around the hall.

Steps walk from path to doors. Windows rise from groun and up the walls.

Guile steps on steps and climbs.

On steps, suit and tied dress hobgbolins stand. One pushes Guile. ,,You go.'' The hugoblins points and grabs a dagger hile. One with a patch peers.

Guile's ankle throbs to pings of pain the ring with step from the alley to a small road with carts and booths that rise with signs etched with charcoal and colors. Shapes of lamps, candles, swords and shields hang above booths. Fumes of hog and sheep burn with onions and garlic along the slow street crawl.

People looks at the plankets adn plankets covered with lamps, bowls, knives and armor pieces like breast plates and steel shirts. 

Guile runs ino the skinny slow street adn runs to the wane. 

As he steps to the rain, the trust tickle becomes a purr the sooths Guile's throbing leg.

Guile runs about thirday strides when Big Hairy lumbers from from alley to street and pushes aside hugoblins and human allike with a couple elves bushed into a dwarven smit.

,,YOU STOP,'' shouts the dwarf smitty as he reaches for a battle axe. 

Guile runs between two carts and into an alley.

The alley samss up to light and forward to dim. Pigs and a cows are tied to a pole near boxes and bags. Shits stands the sand covered grown. 

A hugoblins wearing overalls and a tan hide coat stesp after Guile and shouts, ,,YOU STOP!.''

Guile steps from the alley into an opens to a wide space of open.

The wide space is filled with people and caravan, booths and large pavillion tents. Low booms and bangs strike with strings and signing. The song flows from the people with murmurs. The murmurs spreadk between dust and smoke swirling sweat and stench.

Guile sniff and sneezes. He ducks and stumbles. He feels the Mind Trust purr through body. He ducks and steps and follows the opening.

Big Hairy follows Guile and steps near but then walks to the Wane and diappers from Guile.

Guile breaths and heaves and coughs with the pain of step.

A human with chain shirt pushes Guile.

Guile presses on feeling the purr become a tickle and the tickle become an itch. His eyes sting with smoke and lung flex. 

A row carts span before. People stand.

,,GET OFF,'' pushes an orc.

Guile's foot catch a blanke near a cart.

The cart is surrounded by hugoblins holding bowls of steaming stink root.

People are pushed, and hot liquid splashes over Guile.

Burn spreads with the itch of the Mind Trust. Both sensation a shook with the bang of Guile's head against the ground.

Shouts and yells and a on foot on ass follow Guile to a crawl to a run into Big Hairy.

Big Hiary grabs Guile, holds Guile with hug arms and squeezes.


