The sound of breath blows from mouth and is silenced by the wind.

The wind blows snow and breath spreading cold.

Dante and the diamond soldiers stand against the wind holding arms in air created the diamond forming hands.

,,He did it,'' says William. He looks at Myst. ''Did you see the glimmer?''

,,I heard it,'' winks Myst.

,,He did,'' says Spear. ''But for how long''

,,WE ARE BRING ATTACKED!'' screams Minst as he pushes William and stumbles to a run from the trees and snow to the rocks and snow. His arms flail and head looks back as he runs fowrard.

The darkclad beings step back and watch Minst run crazed through the oppen river wash. They looks at the soldiers then begins hold theirs stands and weapons. Blow guns, arrows and spears are aimed.

Soldiers of the Diamond grip swords and lift crossbows. The spread formation.  The ouside soldiers kneel throw up shields.

Minst hollers and kicks snow from the kick of steps.

Dante blows soft on trumpt to sooth and create the word yeild with blow.

Minst runs. Arms pump and point at spots of darkclad beings.

William stands and graps the folded portal in pocket was he kicks and pulls and pushes for a run. He runs over the snow slipping and catching ground.

The darkclad being stand and stare. They clench weapons. They lean toward the other and point at Minst.

The solders of the diamond aim and steady crossbows.

Don stands by Heinkel and laughs. He pulls his blue robe over hand and body.

Fineal dives and loops.

Don's laughter echos and sings with the soft tumpet blows of Dante.

Spear watch as the darkclad beings lower their bows, blowguns and spears.

The crossbows lower to the ground and shidls rest to sides.

Dante lowers the trumpet and says with Don's laughter. ,,BLUE, we of the Diamond will help you shine for as the seasons come and pass for five. We of the Diamond shine as one!'' He steps frome the parting and relaing soldiers to the forest edge toward the pack. ''BLUE, we are your warriors, but WE...'' He looks back at the dia monds. ''ARE OUR OWN SOULS. SOULS GIVEN TO THE DIAMOND TO SHINE FOR LIFE!''

Jan feels a force shover through her body and and push from body. She feels the force to tree and it's energy meld with hers then pull from her being to it's trunk.

A whirl force scrapes the ice, snow, sediment. It expands and twist and spins over the rock.

It whirls near William.

William runs for Minst.

Minst runs. His spell book falls. His bag falls... ,,SOME THINGS IS CHASING ME!'' hollers Minst as he pulls dagger from scabbard.

Minst stops and slips and slides, stops and raises dagger.

,,William,'' command Myst. She steps forward. ,,MINST YOU DROPPED YOUR SPELL BOOK!''

William steps and press foot, slips, falls, slam shoulder and face to rock and sediment.

The snow then sediment blow from and spin stinging William's eyes. The whirl wind of snow and sediment blows and twirls pine needles. 

Jan's body pulls toward it and falls.

Kirra catches her body.

Jan's gasp breaths and snaps and convulses.

The whirl wind twist near William and Minst then Don and Helect.

Minst covers eyes and stumbles, mummbles. ,,Spellbook, spell book.'' He drops dagger and crawls over iced glazed rock and snow.

William crawls then stands the steps from Minst and the whirl wind. ,,Is Jan alive.''

Darkclad beings step and leap from tree to tree and walk and stride from trunk to trunk leaving no trail of sound or sight. The brush still as they step through and away.

Jan feels the throb of her heart and the trees. She feels the cold and slime of the wet algea. She lifts head.

Kirra peers at William. She shrugs shoulders and tips head back.

The wind spins as a voice. ,,GO!'' The force of the word presses against Jan and pushes from from the trees trunks, roots, brush and berriers.

The wind wipes and spins and blows away leaving Minst saying, ,,SPELLBOOK! SPELLBOOK!,'' as the only sound.

He grabs the spell book.

All stare and glance then folllow the sound of Dante's trumpet to the edges of the trees and the simming light of the sun.

A flow of warmth warms bodies and massages muscles. 

Dante says, ,,We test our peace with a feast.'' Dante puts hand to mouth and hollers. ''WE FEAST!''

Solders peer and watch darkclad beings step into the shadows. They begin to talk with the other and spread into groups, and the groups walk away into packs to the walls of wood and sone and the holes behind.

Darkclad being step to shadwos. They follow the paths of the wind and whistle away.

Two darkclad beings stand from brush behind Spear and Kirra and Jan.

Spear whirls like the wind of blue and watches the darkclad beings leave through the trees. ,,Shall we remain the night?''

Jan looks from ground to Spear and smiles as she push body to a kneel. Her knees press into snow and mud. Her body sways as she looks to Kirra with a smile. ,,I believe Blue wants me to go.''

,,Blue,'' says Kirra. ''Lost in Blue.'' She grips her bundle of sticks and stands. ''We should  walk with the pack.'' She steps toward Myst, William and Minst.

Myst grabs Minst's pack and a few components between rocks and in snow.

William stands with a groan. He clasps the pocket with the folded portal and stands from Minst.

Minst cuddles on the ice and snow ground around his spell book. His body shivers and shakes. The tips of fingers are light blue.

Spear, Jan and Kirra walk from the forest to stand by Myst, Minst and William.

Dante walks amoungst the soldiers clapping backs with palms. He clasps forearm to forearm. He hugs.

Grete and Han walk with a pack of soldiers toward the river and the grouping of tents and a large pavillion.

Don walks toward the pack.

Fineal descends, dives and swoops. It spreads wings and reach with claws grabbing Don's extended arm. Fineal folds its wings and looks through the trees and brush sqwuaking and gawking and twiting to Don.

,,I would love to hear a song of the journay,'' says Don. ''Or least a tale.''

Minst clutches his spellbook and curles into a ball.

,,Have you anything for Minst?'' says William.

Don shuffles through his pocket and pulls out a vile. ,,Give him this. If you can get Minst to swallow it will act faster.'' He lifts the vile and nods. ''I touch on skin should help ease the poison.''

Myst takes the vile. ,,Thank you.''

,,And I have a plate of Minst's left inside the tent,'' says Don.

,,Did you open the bag?!'' says William. He voice snaps from the quick question.

Don pushes head back and stares at William. ,,Yes, I did.''

,,Is it closed now,'' says William stepping near Don. ''The bag over the disk.''

,,Yes. Yes, the disk in wrapped in the bag,'' says Don. He peers as he speaks the lets the brow relax. ''They are in the tent.''

William's body relaxes, ,,Yes. Good...Good.'' 

Don squint with one eyes closing and the other remaining open. ,,What's it teleporting too?''

,,NO WHERE! IT GOES NO WHERE!'' shouts and echoes Minst fold.

Myst leans to Myst. Her voice near a song sings with the cold wind. ,,Please let me feed you the cure.''

Minst shivers and cuddle book. His mummbles muffled by hide coat seep screams.

Myst humms and rubs her fingers along his scalp.

,,He'll freeze,'' says Spear.

Don rubs eyes and sighs. His head nods. ,,I can't bring him to a tent near the feast.''

,,Do you believe it is wise for a feast?'' says William.

Don steps toward the group of tenst around the river. He snaps fingers.

Minst floats and behind Don.

Don stops. He turns pulling thick robe tight as the wind gusts. ,,Tonight the warriors will feast on the rations and drink until they are unable to walk. It has been seasons since a time has been to take the drink and enjoy.'' He pauses  and looks at William. ''If in this state, we are attacked, and all our warriors dead, then the people hiding on the plane will live, and we will know if the truce is true or a ruse to kill.''

,,It's.'' William looks aways then at Don. ''It's...''

Spear slaps William on the back. ,,BRILLIANT!''

William lurches forward. 

,,Brilliant as the sun,'' says William. He slips. He steadies.

Don smiles with the dim sun light. ,,Join me for a pint, and tell me if you've ever tried to
teleport with the disk.''

,,We have not,'' says William. ''We. We don't know where it will lead besides me.''

Minst shakes and shivers and craddles spell book. He floats above the ground like laying in an invisible disk. As Don Dons step, Minst floats over the ground.

Don nods. ,,Never teleport into the unknown or you may never be known.''

,,That's Carlos the Barded Dwarf,'' says William.

,,It is,'' says Don.

Myst looks from Minst to William. She reaches and grabs William's hand.

,,Yes,'' says William.

,,Have you teleported to your armor?'' says Don.

William peers at Don then looks at the tents. ,,Dante will need his armor.''

,,You have a lot of questions,'' says Spear stepping bare feet over cold rock.

William grabs the folded portal in pocket.

,,Yes,'' say Don. ''All questions begin once there is time for reason and talk.'' He glances back at Spear. He shakes head. ''Not all questions are for a prying mind.'' He walks a few steps letting the sounds of hammer and shovel ring with commands and laughter.

A group of soldiers walk to the parameter of the trees. Soldiers walk along the three line parameter.

The tree wall is closed by and wall of darkness. Torches raise flame from fires to the sky.

They walk through the torch light. Kirra peers into the torch light and shadows.

,,Blue will not attack,'' says Jan.

,,No?'' says Don.

,,No,'' says Jan. ''It fears the goblins.'' She looks at Don. ''I fears me.''

,,Why?'' says Don.

,,Spellcasters ask too many questiosns' says Spear.

,,Yes...Yes.'' Don glances back then glances down at Minst. "Question are magic.''

Spear looks at Minst, ,,Too much magic.''

Minst lays shivering and craddling his spell book.

They step, and William slips as Jan says, ,,I don't know. I feel the pull of the swamp. And the push of Blue.''

The soldiers walk to tents around river.

A group of kids wearing leather studded armor holding staves and slings march in two single file from the tent toward the pack.

,,What of the children I have seen walking with these warriors,'' says Spear

,,A question?'' says Don.

Spear grunts, says, ,,Minst can't ask.''

Myst and William lightly laugh and Jan grins.

,,And because Carlos no longer travels with us you are being a comedian bard,'' says William.

Spear looks at William and smiles then looks at Don.

Don stops and shakes head then glances back to Spear. ,,They are halflings.''

,,Haflings,'' says William. ''I have heard, but...'' He looks at Kirra and Jan then into the night.

,,They have fought with us since Mid Valley,'' says Don.

,,Is this Mid Valley far?'' says William.

,,Yes,'' says Don. Don looks back at Minst.

,,It was halfling and not children that died during the night battle,'' says William.

,,Yes. They are valiant and brilliant warriors,'' say Don.

Minst moans louder than the brisk breeze. He shifts and slids across an invisible platform floatin behind Minst. He pulls head from the caddle position to see soldiers pass. ,,We, we, we...'' He says before the voice fades.

Soldiers raise wooden and steel shields and nod at Don as they march pass. Their feet step insync to the wideside of the flood plane and the shadows caste by the mountains tops.

The dimming light creates a shodows over the canyon.

,,I want to get out of the shadows,'' says William.

,,One could telport,'' says Don.

,,Minst has the scroll,'' says William. ''The group teleport.''

,,A group without me,'' says Spear.

,,Minst had a scroll,'' says Don pulling out a small roll of parchment. He holds the rolled parchment. ''One was dropped and the other was taken by Blue.''

,,Did you?'' says William.

,,Fineal,'' says Don.

Fineal's distant call echoes.

,,Thank you,'' says Myst. Myst puts the scolls inside her hide coat pocket. ''These pockets are deep.''

,,Theft fratures even the hardest of diamonds,'' says Don.

William opens mouth, but no words leave as thought stares through eyes as soldiers marching across
the wash.

A group of hafling soldiers march near the stolling pack to a mound of rocks and wall of wood. Their leather helmets frame their faces lined with wrinkles and locks of gray hair hanging from  under the helmets.

,,They are as skinny and short as Shake,'' says Spear. "Look like minature humans.''

,,And they have good hearing,'' says Don.

William stares.

Myst squeezes William's hand.

William grips gauntlet clenches fist and squeezes Myst's hand.

Myst pulls hand from William and rubs it. ,,Why did you?''

,,Sorry...'' He lifts guantlet covered hand. ''I...The guantlet.''

Myst scowls and looks forward.

They pack walks and steps, slide.

Minst hovers and quivers on invisible plane.

Spear feels his cold feet warm. The wind blows through the cut in his hide coat. He looks down at his feet and sees noe blue and red. 

The feet step over smooth cold rocks to cool warm walks.

Fire smoke gusts through the wind and spins away.

Kirra inhales and smells the meat and fat and sage.

The smell of sage is a smell Jan' smells and a smell that feels jan with pleasure causing body to feel to glow.

Jan steps and stops at the edge of the tent parameter.

Don, Minst, Myst, William, Spear and Kirra step single between tents and pavillions.

Jan looks at the forest then follows the pack.

Soldiers sit by walls of tents in longs and rocks. They stand against pulls and around dying fires. They stare quiet into the light holding and sipping liquid from  mugs and wooden cups.

One talks, but no one answers.

Lights and tent walls caste sitting and standing sihlouettes.

A soldier walks past nodding at Don and glimbsing at Minst as he walks past with head lower and sight starring at ground.

Don steps along a row of tents and into a tent door.

Minst, Myst, William, Spear and Kirra and Jan step into the tent creating a circle around Don.

The circular wall of the canvas tent is covered with a cone for a roof. The roof covers a canvas floor, two wooden chairs, a pile of canvas sheets.

Minst lowers to the canvas.

Don looks from Minst to Myst. ,,The vial. Apply it soon and the effects of the poison will fade.''

He looks from Myst to William, Kirra, Jan and Spear. He looks at Spear and says, ,,Questions?''

Spear smiles, ,,Where's the feast and the ale?''

,,Where the laughter and shouting is loudest.'' says Don. 

Don stands and glances at each. ,,Dante is near. I will take leave to attend to time.''

,,Thank you, agian,'' says Myst.

Don stops at the door. He pulls his heavy robes close. ,,We should be thanking you.'' He looks to each of the pack. ''You may have saved all with you kindness and guidance.''

The complement leaves a wake of silence as Don steps from tent and lets the flaps fall.

,,Get way,'' mummble Minst. "GET AWAY!" An arm flings and hits the ground.

Spear stands over Minst. ,,Minst,'' says Spear deep. He crouches over and says loud, ''MINST.''

,,HEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!'' Minst fidgets and pushes over ground to edge of tent.

,,Minst,'' says Myst like a lyric. ''Minst. Please calm.''

Minst's fidgets calm and hand part from open eyes.

Myst lowers, uncorks vial and leans over Minst.

Minst expands and thows an arm.

A hand hits vial.

Kirra grabs Myst's hand and moves with Myst to tip the vial into Minst's mouth as he screams the gurgles. ,,AWAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY..."

Minst gags and coughs and gips spell book with one hand. Sweat from face sprays in drops.

Wind gusts.

,,Calm,'' says Spear. He step back.

Minst breaths heavy. A red hue covers body. ,,BRIGHT!''

,,Where's the light?'' says Spear.

,,I do not know, my friend,'' says William.

,,Magic,'' says Myst.

Spear pick hemp cloth form floor and toses it over Minst head.

Kirra feels Myst and Myst feel Kirra. The bodies and curve and bend then stand. They stare and part.

A light golden hue clow flows evern through the tent. It's soft touch brightens the dirt stained walls and cleaming white sheets. 

Jan stares through the light and tent through the dusk. She stares beyond the trees and the rock and with the flow of the wind and three sways and the snow coating trees and rock. The wind blows her vision and a twist through the tent into the light at her at the pack at Minst's sweat spreading through the cloth floor.

Jan sees Kirra grab Myst and hold Myst and guide Myst then part with a smile and a stare. Jan sees ants crawl over tent floor, bits of tree and dirt, small flies flutter, spits of blood and mud spread and Minst rolls. 

Minst feels the poison burn and break. He feels the cool spread through body. He hears William's voice. ,,I need to return Dante's armor and find a place to place my armor.''

Spear tosses pack form back to wall of tent. Bag hit tent and pushes back cloth wall. ,,Lets find him.''

Myst pushes pack from back and pulls off hide coat and hide pants. Her shirt and pants are poked with tiny holes circles with bits of blood  spread over with mud. Her boots stained with sweat and dirt write. Her pack wet and hanging low in pack.

Her pack splats as it hits ground.

She sits on ground. ,,I wish to sit." She looks up at William. ''Enjoy the calm for ticks of Reighns beat.''

Kirra drops bundle of straight sticks to ground. Her pack drips and hide coat and pants are pulled and pushed free. ,,I need arrows.''

Spear looks at Jan. ,,JAN.''

Jan stands and stares.

Spear looks at William. ,,It will be our party to begin.''

William looks at Spear. His body spread with dirt, blood. Mud lines pack the creases of his muscles. 

,,Are you not in need of a rest,'' says William. He grabs the pocket with the portal.

Spear slaps his stomach. ,,I hunger.''

,,How's your arm?'' says Myst.

Spear lifts boths arms. ,,Healed.

,,You've healed,'' says William.

,,Yes,'' says Spear.

They stare.

Willliam smiles. ,,I have no health as you seem to heal.'' He growns and sits on the other bed.

Mud and blood spreads over the bed.

williams slips to center of bed. His sword pokes up and handle pokes into the coths top of cot.

,,Your bed,'' says Myst with a wink.

,,Yes, it is,'' says William.

Kirra opens pack. She pulls out apples and wet cured meat, and a bundle of squished cheese. She pulls outeach content and checks them for wetness and begins to humm with Myst drum.

Myst puts drum on lap and lays hands then chin on drum top changing the bass to a high pitched sound that stricks a corde in mind.

Jan stands. Jan stares. Jan sees her skin, bones, muscles.

A gust blows open flaps.

Spear look between tent flaps and the inside.

Myst shivers, ,,Why aren't you cold, Spear?'' Myst averts eyes from her internal stair at color nots played along a weave of strings.

,,No,'' says Spear.

Myst closes eyes. She sees the weave strings pluck and send ripples of smell, taste though body as she taps on drum. And with the drums she follows Kirra's humm and guides their song to the healing hymn of Reighn.

,,Cold.'' William stand form cot.

Sword handle gets caught in cot top.

Cot topples as William stands, and sword falls to ground. ,,Blast the mount of my...''

,,Maybe we should rest?'' says Spear laughing through chest tremors.

William flash a glance of anger, clenches fist. Rage burn dreep within the extinguishes with a smile. ,,Yes.'' He shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

Spear feels the rage.

Spear and William look around tent, but not at each other.

,,The spell...The...weave. The need...Where...'' mummbles Minst.

The words play with the strings in Myst's mind playing a humm

The wind blows flaps in.

Spear and William stare from Myst.

,,Do you have a wet stone?'' says William. ''My pack is in the canyon.''

,,Kirra has the one I've used,'' says Spear.

Kirra pulls out two boxes. She tosses one to William and sets the other on the ground before her.

,,Thanks.'' william grabs the box with the stone. He looks up at Spear. ''When was the last time you sharpened you sword or cleaned it.''

,,Too long,'' says Spear.

Spear sits. He grabs cloth and tosses one to William. Willams catches. The clean and sharpen swords...

Kirra makes arrows...

Jan is lost in the roots and bugs and the change of land as she is blown about the tent feeling trapped within it wall.

Myst sings, sleeps and sees the hymns of Reign.

Minst sleeps. His sweat dries. The visions and colors sparking and splashing and twisting in mind flow to a calm weave.

The weaves dimensions write across his mind.

A loud trumpet horn blows a hole in the weaves.

Minst opens eyelids to sees, Myst, Spear, Kirra and Willima and Jan.

Jan stands and stares at the tent wall. Kirray sits by four arrows and a pile of sticks while wrapping string around metal slats. Myst hits drum and hums. William looks at the folded portal sitting next to his clean swords. Spear pushes wetstone of the edge of his bastard sword and glances at Minst.

,,How do you feel?'' says Spear pushing the wetstone.

,,Feel,'' says Minst. His head pushes and pulls. His sight tips and waves and flows around leaving traces if light. He muscles burn and burst with movement.

,,Minst,'' says Myst. Her head lifts from drum. She crawls and hugs Minst.

Minst feels pains spread from her squeeze. He tries to talk, but only smiles.

Laughter then a few shouts are heard with the wind.

Kirra twists string around and arrow head to the shaft of stick. ,,The drinking and carelessness has begun.'' Her tone is flat and focues in the turn of the bows.

There is hand clapping and pops of a near fire.

Smoke billows into the tent.

,,KIRRA,'' hollers Spear. He glances at Jan then Kirra. He stands letting things fall to the floor and strides with one stip to Kirra.

,,The mug!'' says Spear.

Sound of Spear pokes and prods pains in Minst head throbing. He grabs it. Then he pushes hands through bag and hide armor and around the floor. ,,My spell book.'' He grabs his spell book. "My head."

William grabs the folded portland and puts it in pocket. He itches shoulder scrapping away spread mud. ,,I need to return that which is not mind.'' William stands. He grabs and squeezes Spear's shoulder and looks down at Kirra. ,,Too much time in the forest and in the caves has changed what little I knew of Kirra.''

,,WHERE'S THE SMILE!" should Spear.

Minst's head ring and pounds like Myst's drum. ,,Enough.''

A group of laughing and talking group steps past. The sounds of grinding and scraping armor leaves everyone glancing.

,,SPEAR!'' hollers Dantes. He raises trumpet and blows a slow roll to a peak. ''DRINK.'' He says deep and low as he slaps palm on back.

Spear grins with sound of name and turns with a slap upon Dante's shoulder. ,,If the mead flows, I will drink. If the ale pours, I will eat.''

All looks at Spear and Dante.

Spear says, ,,Kirra. It is time to use that mug and fill it with our next meal.''

Kirra cuts tips of wooden shaft making a cross,  says soft and nearly with a sigh of emotion, ,,Yes...Drink would be good for mind.''

,,I have the folded Portal,'' says William. He steps forward and jams hand into pocket then wiggles out the folded Portal.

,,I will drink,'' says Myst near a metered.

,,Good,'' the we will drink and spear Will eat.'' Dante says, ''Is jan feel?''

,,Everything,'' says Kirra. She collects shafts. Five arrows lay...

,,And Minst,'' says Dante.

Myst looks at Minst. ,,Minst. Reighn forgive my selfish actions. A friend is.''

,,I'll watch Minst until we talk.'' Williams holds the folded portal as if displaying. ''I will...''

A group of laughter, holler and shout, ,,Huuzahhhhhh!!!'' past the tent.

Whiffs of smoke whip and flutter through flaps that blow snow must upon Dante and Spear. Deer fat and beef flutter.

The smell spreads glow of smoke and grease through bodies of Myst, William, Spear and Dante, but churns the stomach of Kirra.

,,You will what? William,'' says Dante.

,,I will remain here and clean my armor and help Minst with his needs to wellness.'' Wiliam looks at each of the people and lets the guantlet hand lower and hide porta.

,,Get me some mead and raw flesh,'' says Kirra. She glances at Jan, stands and steps the circle of piles of arrow heads, feathers, shafts, back and weapon on hide cloths.

Jan stands and stares seeing the skin and hair on kirra grow gray. She sees Kirra's flesh wrinkle, spot with brown, dry, and flake away by the time Kirra steps to the ten opening.

Jan sees all bodies grow, slouch, wrinkly and blow to dust. Their cloths walk roun the tent as controlled by ghost.

As Myst decays in the eyes and sight and sit of Jan, she says to William, ,,If you need a release-''

,,I will come once Minst  has spoken to me.'' He grabs the folded portland with his gauntlet hand. He smiles and winks at Myst. ''I do thank you.''

,,His other love is keeping him,'' says Spear. ''My he shine her well.''

Myst smiles. Myst and William stare.

William says, ,,Spear the Bardbarian.''

Myst laughs with Spear.

A muffled laugh under the thick wool blanket.

,,MINST\!'' says Myst.

,,He's spoke,'' says Spear. ''TIME FOR FEED!''

The covers over Minst...

,,Water. Blankets. Quiet,'' says Minst.

,,I will send over Dona and one with water and food for Minst,,'' says Dante. He steps between Spear and Kirra. ''MINST. I will thank you by giving what you desire, but let it be known our lives may be free to live due to your brave actions and duty for life.''

,,Lets drink!'' says Spear.

,,I will bring food,'' says Dante.
        
,,Quiet, calm and silence,, says Minst pokeing head from under covers. He squints, ''I Jan okay?"

Jan feels all. Jan feels Kirra's emotional pain of rejection, William's slow pumping rage flowing through being, Spear's   Jan sees the dust of the people blow swirl and stick to bones, become flush then flesh. The whispy hair shrinks and  flows from white to gray to blacks and browns and blonds. The wrinkles smooth to soft flesh. She sees their bodies shrink to childrena and babies stepping from their cloths. 
        
,,Jan stands,'' says Kirra. She pulls her mug from back. ''She will be.''
        
William looks at Kirra. Kirra looks from tent. ,,And the folded portal,'' says William.
        
,,Will remain folded,'' says Dante. ''For we are in need of drink not shiney armor of war.

William puts the folded portal in pocket of hide coat.

Spear throws arm around Kirra and steps through the flapping tent flaps and to a fire light path between the tents and pavilions.

The fire light spans and contracts with the bends of the cloth walls. It plays shadows and pushes and causes fight between shadows. The light illuminates the top of tent tops. Smoke whirls and twirles from light to dark. 
        
Soldiers stand around fires and drink. Hoods over heads and faces covered by the firelight and drawn hoods. Gloved hands clasp mug.

Spear and Kirra walk arm and arm. They pass Kirra's mug back and forth taking swigs as they take steps.

,,BEER,'' says Spear deep and loud over the growing rush of chatter and shouts.

,,I will want to remain still and enjoy the first taste of beer or mead,'' says William.

William steps with Myst. He reaches for Myst's hand.

Myst's hand moves as she reaches for Spear. ,,Beer,'' says Myst. ''Even Reighn will sing.'' 

No song sings in Myst's mind, but she does find a count of candence in Dante's voice as he command the group to a louden sound of chatter.

,,Left,'' says Dante.

They turn left.

Mud path splat puddles and tops of rocks are covered and uncovered with the steps of the group.

Myst takes the mug and drinks and drink, and Spear hollers above all sound of talking, ,,The mug is left to you.''

,,Right,'' says Dante with a drink of the mug then a blow of his trumpet. 

A few soldiers turn and lift mugs, and a few stand at attention.

They step right and past a group of halfing and human warriors listing to a warrior sitting on a log moving hands as his eyes stare from listener to listener as his voice talks with distand laughter and shouts and chatter in a lite pavillion through the cloth walls.

The wind gusts and the walls bend and sway along a mud path to a crowd of soldiers jostling to and from a group around a tent opening. The soldiers...

The tent spans the length and width near a dwarven building...

Mugs of soldiers raise to air and mouth as Dante steps to the group. The group glance, wink, nod, stare at William. They display faces of sorrow and grief with wrinkles and scars cutting youth and hope from bodies. Their armor spans from leather to platemail, but all reflect no light from the torches glowing along the path between the tent and test to the soldiers jostling from the tent. Mugs lower and looks avert from William to other soldiers and up to the light illuminating the night and hiding the stares.

The soldiers part a path for Spear to step and lead Kirra, Dante, Myst and William.

,,INSIDE!'' says Dante.

Spear steps from mud to hemp to a room of smoke smeeling of sage, mint and animal fat. 

Soldiers stand, drink and talk. A few laugh. One cries. All glance and stare at the void then blink and smile to one before. 

Smoke sting eyes. Heat warms bodies. Talk fills the tent making talk at distance lost to those away.

Dante steps past Spear and steps left. 

The soldiers part a wider path for Dante to a stack of ten kegs. They step along the path. Soliders on the path side glance and nod at Dante, Spear, Kirra, Myst and William.

William grabs the folded portal in pocket. He nods at soldiers and clenches his gauntlet. He stares at Myst's body. 

Myst's cloths are stuck and staing to her body. Her curves flow and bend the mind to slide the sight to her.

Myst feels the stare and smile, walks behind Spear.

Spear's looks at the kegs then kirra.

A few eyes follow Spear's naked body.

Sweat begins to bead on Spear's body. 

,,KIRRA,'' says Dante. He turns with mug extended to her.

Kirra grabs her mug.

,,TRY THE KEG ON THE BOTTOM LEFT!'' He steps to the side as Kirra steps past.

Kirra steps to the keg on the botton left nudging and pushing shoulders.

Spear, Myst and William follow Kirra. 

Dante nods at each. He waits until they grab a dented tin can and fill it with ale. Then he blows his trumpet.

The trumpet whail spread from tent to the people outside.

The talk lowers to a murmur then the murmur to silence leaving the sound of wind all after the trumpet whails calms and fades.

,,TO FRIENDS HERE AND GONE. TO THE DIAMOND SHINING ON US ALL. TO THE NAMES WE INCLUDE INTO OUR LIFE SONG.'' He lifts the mug. ''WE DRINK.''

All lift mugs and silently drink. Then they pause and one by one begin to talk.

The path from the pack closes.

The pack looks at each other then focus on the kegs and mugs scattered and stacked over the muddy kegs.

The tin cups are dirty, dented and dull. 

Kirra picks a mug, knocks bottom of cup, knees and fills cup with ale from the  keg on the bottom.

Spear, Myst and William pour and drink and drink and drink and drink. They stand near the corner's and kegs and watch the soldiers talk and stand and stare.

William and Myst after the first drink begin to chase looks that lead to a stare by the second drink and touching of hands and faces and hair by the third. By the forth the hold each other and rub cheeks.

After drinks of silence and letting the ale flow through, Spear  says loud, ,,If YOU NEED PRIVACY, WE CAN LEAVE?"

Myst smiles and William blushes a deep red.

Kirra hears Spear, but feels the slow pull and slope of beer flowing through her. She stares and watches the crowd and then feels to push away from the tent as people close around.

Kirra steps for the crowd and begins pushing through.

A path form before her with glances and a few scowels and sneers.

Spear, William and Myst watch Kirra.

,,MAYBE WE SHOULD?'' Spear lets the words become lost in the chatter.

William looks at Myst. He carrasses her hand and says without looking away from Myst, but Myst says it before William.

,,WE WERE ABOUT TO LEAVE.'' says Myst looking at Spear.

Spear smiles and steps. ,,I shall lead the way.''

A wiff of bacon and cheese blows past.

,,HUNGRY,'' says William loud and glancing back to Myst and Spear.

,,I could eat a bite of food,'' says Myst.

,,WHAT,'' says William.

,,SHE SAID SHE CAN EAT A BITE,'' says Spear loud. ''I smell bacon.''

William feels light then heavy with a hollow weight. Myst stares at tent's opening and winks at William.

Spear's words and smells the bacon train and walks the path of the bacon smell. He step between and pushes past soldiers hitting and pushing and swaying with focus forward. He nods and steps slow his big body through the crowd.

William and Myst nod and talk and drink and stare. They look at each other then foward and feel no hunger or sore mucsles or stink of sweat and dirt on cuts. They walk to the ten opening away  from Kirra and Spear and by a huge black pot carried by cooks.

The smell of bacon wavers and flows away from Kirra as she walks through the soldiers to the edge of tent.

The soldiers part near Kirra.

Men carry huge black pot.

Wibler carries a large black pot shuffling feet with two other men.

Wilber and the men shuffles step and heave with muscles strained the black pot through the tent and through the bacon smell.

Kirra steps in wake of the black pot.

,,HOT FOOD!'' hollers Wibler.

Withouth looking back or glancing, the soldiers set from the path of the black pot and Wilber.

Kirra steps behind. She flexes wrist and pushes dagger to palm. She grips mug.

Wilber grunts and shuffles steps and sways.

Bacon smoke, sage, rosemary and corn smoke biillows and fades.

A few people cough with the chatter.

Kirra sees Spear, William and Myst waking to tree trunk table and meats and roots and grubs spread on piles and slices.

Spear sees Wilber and Kirra as the soldiers part a path to a black as large as catapult rock.

Spear looks from Kirra to bacon to Kirra. Bacon bits are chewed as he steps toward Wilber and Kirra and the soldiers' part.

The soldiers talk and drink and stare. One smiles and almost laughs, but loses smile to talk and nods and the stares. 

Whiffs of alcohol and sweat swirl and blend with the pepper steaming from the bowls carried by Wilber.

Kirra grips knife and mug and steps and stares.

The men and Wibler drop and slide bot to a wooden platform.

Spear steps along table between soldiers and conversation.

Dante looks and smiles. He follows Myts stare to Kirra and Wilbver. He's lips relax.

Wibler nods and truns and sees Kirra. They stares.

Spear stops and stand a step from black pot.

Dante steps to table.

Soldier's near glance then look then stare at Kirra and Wibler.

Wibler glances at the mug and knife gripped by Kirra.

Talking become a glance and a nod and whisper with a stare at Kirra and Wibler.

The men dressed in hide coat like Wibler stand behind Wilber.

Wibler glances at dagger and Kirra's mug. Kirra's mug gripped in her fist.

Kirra stares and tosses dagger and mug along the space openeing to circle around Kirra and Wibler.

A circle of silence then wispers spread from soldier to soldier.

Kirra and Wilber stare.

Spear watches the men behind Wibler.

Kirra steps before Wilber and stares. 

Willber stands with hands hanging at side. Strands of long gray hair stick to skull. Sweat covers his stubb covered wrinkles. His old muscles pump and flex pushing the sag taut.

Kirra grabs and pulls a glve from hand and rises it betten their stare. She lets the glove fall.

The glove falls. 

The silence spreads.

Spear watches the glove, the men behind Wilber and the soldiers watching.

The soldier watch with Dante. 

The glove hits the ground.


