The wide road eplodes. The explosions spreads a wave through road.

The wave road rolls under wagons, ox-goblins, the pack, the farmer-warriors, the army and the giant goblin and through Jan.

Jan floats and spreads and blows away to the sky and the ground and the swamp. 

Bits of Jan are inhaled by Guile and Shake and they are thrown into the air

Pebbles splash and shoot. Dust blows and blooms and pushes through trees and into the sky. 

Wagons buckle and brake, tip and smash. 

Ox-goblins buck, run wild, covered with dirt, smashed with wagonsa nd bags.

The farmer-warrior run, fall, fly with explosion.

The wave of road slows and lowers a leap before Spear and William, Kirra, Flare.

Pebbles spray around. 

Dust ball blows past. 

Then there is calm. Time feels frozen. The explosion pauses time.

Then a shout from the top of the war machines hallers time to begin.

Shake and Guile land in dirt, cover with pebbles and dust and bits of Jan's body.

Jan's energy spread and settles below the road into tree roots, water and bacteria. Jan's energy feel a force surround and feel a calm Blue that surrounds.

Kirra runs to where Jan's body last was seen. She runs past tipped sacks an wagons. Brokne shards spread over the raod the closer she goes. Into the dust wall she goes and says when seeing Shake and hearing Guile cough, ,,JAN, Where?''

The dust cloud flows over Spear, and Spear hears Kirra.

Spear feels Flare and Guide near. He feels Flare's fear and Blue thorugh Flare. And through the feeling he feels a sense of Jan. 

Flare feels Spear and talks clicks and clacks and points to the explosion. He looks up at the sashed warrior holding scepter on top of the war wagon.

The drums of the soldiers hit. The soldiers march back and three rows of soldiers spread over the road into the dust.

,,Move,'' says William. ''Move.'' He pushes Spear, Flare, Guile. He walks to the farmer-warriors. ''Move. Move.''

Flare follows William and translate. 

The ox-goblins are whipped to to a stand. 

William and Flare walk along the caravan and into the dust.

A group of soldiers follow.

Minst sees the soldiers follow William and Flare enter the thick dust cloud that hovers from a center where the fire ball exploded.

Minst hovers in air more than flies. He stares more than looks below.

The dust falls and blows from a crater. 
 
The crater spans from one end of the road to the other digging deeper than swamp bottom.

Water trickles into the hole. 

Patches of fire and burning clubs and arrows illuminate bodies laying in bits over the ground. A soldier hangs from trees. 

Minst hovers above the road and stares seeing William run to the craters edige with Flare and a group of soliders. 

William looks at the hole, the bodies and the mud and water. All look in pause.

Guile coughs, and William hears.

The dust clears and settles on eyes and mouths, nose and sweat drops. 

William steps to Shake and lifts him from ground. 

Shake quivers. I dull ring sounds everywhere.

William shouts. ,,WE NEED TO MOVE!'' 

Shake only sees William's mouth move.

Guile feels the ring of the sound and explosion vibrate head as he squeezes. He doesn't feel William lift him. 

Shake and Willaim step and stubml and cough.

Kirra runs to a stand and coughs. ,,Jan.''

A few soliders follow then Flare clicks and clacks.

The soldiers talk and calm. The spread over the road adn shout to a few below. 

Shouts holler through the swamp and trees with screams and cries. 

,,Jan,'' says Kirra.

Moans of pain spead and create a song in Myst's mind.

Myst stands beyond the dust and pebble falls near Guide and Spear.

The moans of farmer-warriors laying under fall wagons or under rocks give bass to the drum thumps of the soldier drummers.

Guide and Spear life a wagon wall from a dead farmer.

Two farmer warrors pull on a wagon tongue broke. Three other wagons lay on side. A dead ox-goblins drags as a live ox-goblin hooked the wagon walks and moos a clack.

Energy spreads from the dead and fades like that wind the settles dust to the ground.

Jan settles into the ground like water in a hole. She feels whole, but whole is spread over the tree and vine roots. The cold mud warms around as she feels the warmth contract her being and force her energy to funnel and low through the trees and roots to tree trunks into the swamp where the old wood grows and crop. All during an instant she feels tall all be in an tree of trees.

She grows through the roots and limbs of the tree of a pond of much and mud, root and swamp weed, and a tribe of trolls laying, sitting, eating hearing the distand boom shake through their beings.

<Blue,> thinks Jan.

<Jan,> thinks Kirra as she toses boards and bags and kicks at the dust and pebbles. 

,,Kirra,'' says William. He stumbles under the weight of Guile hanging over shoulder.

Guile caughs and moves. ,,Jan.''

Shake speed steps to Kirra.

Kirra turns.

,,SheWasBefore,'' says Shake.

Guile wiggles until Willaim puts his feet on ground. ,,Jan.'' He stands and looks up. ''Jan blew away.''

,,Blue,'' says Kirra. She stands and stares while wind blows, people scream and soldiers rush to them. ''Blue.''

Blue spreads around Jan holding her in a tree as Blue creates a body from water to manifest, to be.

From the mud puddles, moss, bacteria, brass to column swirling to being and twisting a sound to speak. ,,Surface talk with a mind.''

Jan tries to speak as a tree, but only feels rage to blue.

Blue thinks to Jan's mind, >No body is need. Nobody is needed.<

Jan thinks thoughts to Blue, >Why me?<

>You are part of me,< sees Blue to Jan then speaks with mud and water and spits. ''Out land is changing. The desert is killing. The heat spreads. Their Queen is coming to defile.'' A force of tones and sounds fills the Tree of Jan. >|ORDER.<

The column of mud and water and Blue falls with a splash.

<Kirra,> thinks Jan.

William tugs on Kirra to step.

Guile and Shake steps.

The soldiers surround.

The drums of the marching sounds around as Myst hits her drum and beats with it's pace and sings with clicks and clacks.

Minst hears the drums and flies through the night along the road to the Rise.

Along road a long line of soldiers, war wagons, giant goblins, supply wagons, goblin herds and rows of hovering settle as their drums quiet and Myst's drum hits. Farmer-warriors shout, cry and weep kneeling before the dead. 

Moans and shouts are heard along the road side. 

The hits pound low and steady. The sound more felt than heard by the soldiers far away and surrounding William, Kirra, Shake, Guile and Flare.

Soldiers near Myst step around Myst.

William rushes and runs between the soldiers and wrecked wagon, dying ox-goblins and moaning famer-warriors.

Soldiers surround Kirra, Shake and Guile, Flare.

Flare talks clicks.

William shouts, ,,MYST''

Spear hears and stands near Myst as the soldiers surround.

The warrior drums beat rapid and with choas. 

Soldiers in groups and pairs form and walk and span over the road, its walls and the swamp floors. 

The caravan stops as soldiers far away form a wall of shields and spears.

Myst hist her drums casting note and sound through those around. The notes find the tone and meaning of William's shout and translates them to tongues. 

,,LEAVE US IN PEACE.'' Soldliers surround William, the pack. 

The drums beat. 

Dust clears. 

Minst flies above the chaos near the hole and looks below.

The pack are herded to a group surrounded by soldiers.

Minst uscrews the base of dagger scabbard and holds scrolls. ,,What can I do? What can I do,'' say Minst high above the ground.

Below Minst, Shake mummbles. ,,What are we going to do? What are we going to do? What are we going to do?''

Guile grabs his Heart Dagger and peers above the crowd at the soldier with the sash and scepter, who stands next to drummers and archers.  He follows the thump of his own heart to find the beat of the drummers mind. Like sound, Guile pounds into the drummers mind and the pulse through its pace. 

One of the two drummers above hits drumstick from hand. 

The beat of the army staggers. Other drums far and near mis step and stop. 

The soldiers that surround look back and at the other.

The scepter holding soldier raise scept and strikes the goblin across the face.

Faster than a blink of an eye, Guile sees with mind from the drummer's beat to the scepter wielder's rage at the beat. Guile finds in the scepter wielder's mind emoti
ons, shapes and sounds stored in grid of a mental map of Guile. 

The scepter wielder yeilds, stands. 

The archers and soldiers on top of the war wagon  stare and look from the pack to the scepter wielder.

Spear feels the rage and raise his hammar ready to strikea.

The soldiers remain at bay. 

Flare clicks and clacks and points to the hole heard with Myst's soft song by Guile, Shake, William. ,,Insurgents surrounds! WE are charged with supplying food to GoblinPort. Let us pass!''

,,I don't like this,'' says Spear. ''Where's Minst?''

Minst is hovering above looking at this scrolls and sheets. ,,No,'' he puts them in knife scabbard then flies to the other side of the large hole and lands in the dark and walks to the Rise and the hole and the soldiers, the pack and all the wagons.

Bits of bodies, wagons and sacks, root and swamp weed spread over the road and Minst.

The dead soldiers and framer warriors moan andfight with the other blow in the torch light.

A few torch arrows fly thorugh the sky.

The pack stands as Giule manipulates the mind of scepter holder.

Then a rage fills Spear.

Spear raises war hammer and roars louder than the moans and drums...

Jan feels Spears rage as she feels a  treee and feel Blue as Blue whispers with tones that vibrate through root to Jan's energy mind.

Blue feels, >Join the circle to complete the growth of the land. Protect the life of the animals you love.<

Jan thinks to Blue. >Why you?<

>There is only you,< thinks Blue to Jan. >|When you want to leave you will leave. You need only feel me. We will be.<

Spear's roar a far distant goes silent.

>|Now I am called,< think Blue to Jan as Jan feel Blue leave. 
 
Jan is a tree.

Spear steps to the Rise and the soldier line and groups.

The soldiers part.

The pack steps with Spear.

Soldiers look to the top of the war wagon.

The entgoblins stombs groupd.

Soldiers and harnessed goblins step and back away from the entgoblin.

The soldier with scepter stumbles and grabs head. He peers at Guile.

Guile fees a cover spread through mind and a  dark to follow. The dark seeps into the mind, and Guile begins thinking of memories.

Guile tries to shine mind's light on the darkness, but images of heart dagger, Minst flying, walking through the swamp flash in thoughts. Guile has thought of drummer stabbing soldier holding scepter and reading thoughts from Guile's mind.

The drummer on top of the war wagon stabs drum stick at back of soldier holding scepter and reading Guile's thoughts.

Tip of drum stick stabs into back.

The dark in Guile's mind seen white.

Guile stands at the back of the pack.

The pack steps on the road surrounded by soldiers, dead and broken wagons and spilt sacks of weeds.

Spear  swing.

Soldiers clear and run away.

,,I knew it, knew it, knew it. We don't need the challange. We don't.'' Shake grabs dagger. ''Who do I need to challange for a duel.

,,A duel,'' says William.

,,This was,'' Shake clenches jaw. ''This is stupide. Why are we waiting? Why not kill them all...''

,,Quiet, Shake,'' says William.

,,...This is is is stille.'' Shake grips his knife. ''...Now. We strike now. We can kill enough...''

,,Quiet,'' says William as he clenches fist.

Shake clenchs jaw and chatters. ,,NO. No. Why be quiet for these weak.'' He pulls knife out.''

,,SHAKE,'' says William from the deep of chest. He raise clenched fist.

Myst sings her talk, ,,Shake please be clam for William to see and duel is what we need.''

William's body is soothed by the song. His guantlet fist relaxes.

Shake stares at William letting the buzz feel to pass control through is eyes. He sings, ,,Call a duel of these weak soldier with our fight.'' He says loud. ''THERE IS NO WARRIOR WHO IS GREATER THAN OUR MIGHT!''

Guile rubs head and says from hood, ,,You audience doesn't understand the challenge.''

,,Flare, will you please translate for me a challenge,'' says William. 

Flare stares, but neighter nods or shrugs shoulders.

William says, ,,I challange any to right to hold us captive and from our duty and job to deliver these supplies.''

Spear stares at Flare.

Flare stands.

Spear hollers and points the Rose Pack Warhammer at the top of the war wagon. ,,TRUTH BY VICTORY TO LET US PASS!''

Flare clicks loud with Spear's shout feeling the words from Spear before they are Spoke. ,,GLCI TI JIKLAK TI ERKT!''

Soldiers quiet, nod, stare and look back to the sitting scepter holding soldier with a huoblins wrapped in white warps holds hand over shoulder.

A soft white glow radiates from the palm and the shoulder of the scepter holding soldier.

A dead drummer falls to the ground.

The soldiers look at the warwagon.

An entgoblin rises from behind the war wagon and roars. It lifts leg and steps.

Soldiers click and clack and they press and push a path.

the entoblins steps and the ground booms. The entgoblins walks between the war wagon and soliders and the carvan of food.

The soldiers clear the road and stand on the sides.

A space opens between the entgoblins and the pack.

,,Their warrior,'' says Shake.

The entgoblin roars a wind that vibrate all along the road. The entgoblins grabs and shattered wagon base and bangs loos a wood trunk as long as the wagon and thick as Spaer's arms.

The pack stands.

The soldiers step back and stares.

The arrows shot threw the sky fall dark. The clash of still rings silent. The splash of fight and run calm.

Moans of dead and dying and the huff of the engoblins breath through nose give sound for Myst.

Myst's see the giant, says near a song of maons and dying play louder than the entgoblin's roar. She steps from the pack and steps, kneels and sing for the song to heal or help the moaning, the wounded the cyring with song and help from Riegh.

The dying shiver, but a few feel Myst's song. A farmer steps from behidn a wagn and helps Myst sing and wrap cuts.

The entgobin roars.

The roar yell through the swamp and trees and the rood and swamp weeds. The blades of grass remain still though the emotion blows upon the nevers of snakes, rats, birds and swamp bats.

Jan feels the emotion of the roar through the forest to her tree and her body. She feels snakes slither and twist to calm, mice stop to wiggle nose and wiskers; batchel to whip tales and thump ground. 

Jan feels the moans of troll thorugh the vaste swamp and trees. The energy in the sound and through the roots. 

Jan remains as a bright red ibis flies to the night leaving small marks on Jan's branch.

The entgoblins roar quiets.

The entgoblin stand far from Jan and on the road before the pack.

Guile feels the roar and focuses on the roar's rage and roars a psychic shout at the entgoblins that is silenced. A thomp feels to hit Guile's mind. With focus the words he does fine to say, ,,That is not my fight,'' and steps away watching the entgoblins and stepping between soldiers and near Myst. His fist wraps around heart dagger. He kneels by Myst.

Myst talks strips of cloth from the farmers pack and shoves the cloths at Guile. ,,Wrap tight. Press the wounds. Water.''

William and Spear stands shoulders to shoulder.

William pulls long sword from scabbard. ,,If that is their warrior I will fight then please sing a song Shake. And Spear...''

The entgoblins stands and stares at William, Spear, Kirra, Shake and Flare.

''Hide my armor and burn my body.'' William raisea guantlet fist.

The scepter holding soldier stands and walks to the edge of the war wagon. The scepter is raised.

A drum is pounded rabid and quick then stops.

Kirra grabs an arrow and hold bow.

At the top of the war wagon, the secept holding soldier rises from the bench and seps from the white wrapped being and to the edge. The scepter is lifted into the air. It clicks and clacks a long song of sounds that feels to soothe and seach all the corners of silence to be heard.

Flare hears and flare translates to Spear, Kirra and William to surface talk. ,,We have a challenge for truth as we have a tradgity to blame. While the trial commence go my soldiers and build me a road and those who cause this desttruction before us. And if this trial by fight is won by those of the caravan then let the caravan pass not matter.''

The soldiers cheer and clap.

The drums beat.

Guile looks up from a blood covered face and then back down. ,,It knows I tried to kill it,'' says Guile to Myst.

Myst hums along with out look or sight.

The scepter holding soldier shouts, ,,GLJIK IK LIK CLAK!''

The entgoblins roars and raises trees sized club.

William lifts his long sword and points it at the entgoblin.

Flare then says, ,,The challange is for Spear.''

Spear smiles.

,,Didn't you fight a black dragon during the morning?'' says William.

Flare steps back and away and between to wagons and says, ,,We must clear the arena.''

William steps back. ,,What's the arena?''

,,Everywhere,'' says Flare.

Spear raors nearly as loud as the entblins. He raise his warhammer.

Soldiers cheer and clap small shields, swords and clubs.

Soldiers decend and begin to build fill the hold. Rocks, shovles of mud, tree limbs, dead bodies.

Soldiers throw down rope ladders and chains. Chains are wrapped around trees and dragged by many people.

Minst steps to hole's edge, sees the soldiers decend. Minst says, ,,The rope and the wheel and ladder.'' Minst flies from the hole edge.

Minst flies over the soldier and far above the entgoblin, arches flight then dives faster than a fash to the darkness before the spat of ladder and wheel Three dead farmer-warriors lay. A forth moans. Sihlouettes move thoguht night.

Minst grabs the rope ladder and pully.

Torches ignite.

Minst flies to the sky. The ladder danlges like a tail. 

Soldiers and farmer warriors glance, but stare as the entogoblins raises its Spear sized fists  and roars and swings trunk club at Spear.

Spear side steps, leaps runs with war hammar

The wood trunk clubs slam road with a boom. Then scrapes along the gravel ground slamming into a wagon.

Spear leaps over the trunk and rund toward the giant.

Soliders scatter. 

Bags of swamp weed spill.

A roar of applaused raises then silences.

Spear slams the toe of entgoblins.

The entgoblin's fist hits Spear's shoulder. Spear drops warhammar falls rolls crawls and scrambles to other leg and hand reach.

The soldiers cheer. The entgoblins roars.

Spear grabs the rising foot and climbs the leg, pulls a dagger from bastard sword scabbard, stabs.

A flat giant palm slaps spear to ground, and the entgoblin's food kicks Spear. 

Spear rolls to stand, ducks under the swinging tree club and grabs his war hammar.

Soldiers cheer and pump arms. Soldiers point and trade coins. Soldiers step near to pack. Soldiers spread away from flying spear.

Spear slides over rock, leaps to feet and runs from under the entgobin's falling foot.

Spear runs between the entgoblin's legs and to the open space. He feels a rage burn away the pain of rips, shoulder face. His fist grips around the handling of the warhammar.

William lifts words and steps at the entgoblin's back as the entgoblin pivots to face Spear.

,,NO!'' shouts Flare. 

Soldiers rush for Willaim.

Spear sees William. Blood drips from Spear's face. His eyes peer William's sword to yield. 

William yields and stares.

Rage burns through Spear. 

The engoblins stands to full height.

Pleasure glows through Spear. 

The engoblins raises his tree club.

Laughter echoes in his mind as Spear grips the war hammar and throws it at the entgoblin.

The warhammer flies to fast to see past the giantst culbs as the club is lifted to swing. 

The warhammer hits the entgoblin's brow. 

Warhammer and entgoblins's brow thunk.

The thunk quiets the cheers. It creates stares. 

The entgoblin stands still. The tree club tops hits the ground. The entgoblin's fist becomes a hand. As the tree club falls on gravel, the entgoblin tip toward Set. 

Soldiers scatter. 

William, Kirra and Guide stand.

The entgoblin's shoulder hits ground a leap from the trio's stance.

,,Wow,'' says Shake. He stares. ''That was...''

The trio steps to a stand and spans around Guile and Myst and other farmer-warriors. 

Spear strides and pulls bastard sword from back scabbard and steps on the entgoblin's chest then steps to an open stand with foot in neck. 

Tip of bastard sword hovers by the entgoblins neck.

A leather collar raps the entgoblin's neck.

The soldiers stand and stare. A few archers cock bows as the soldier with the septer looks at both Spear and Guile. 

Spear stares at the scepter holding soldier. He stares at the soldiers staring. He feels Flare and Blue says, ,,CLIC IT CLAC,'' as if fluent in goblins tongue.

Blue feels to Spear like Shake's wet mountain giant wool socks feel to Shake.

Shake feels this feeling from Spear and hears Myst's Song in his mind.

Myst hums a little loud makins music of a silent situation. She looks at the goblin and sings lyrics with hum. ,,Hlick Kcla kiit.''

The farmer-warrior nods quick. 

Myst pulls the farmer-warriors legs and feels around the break.

The framer-warrior shutters, but doens't sweat nor moan at the pain.

Guile warps bandage around gouge around another farmer-warroir's chest.

Soldier sholding scepter stares at Guile then Spear.

One soldier says, ,,CLAC.''

Then three, four, six twelve twenty say. ,,CLAC.''

,,Flare,'' says William. ''What is Clac?''

,,Death,'' say Flare. 

Spear slide tip of bastard sword between collar and throat. He lifts swords tip.

Sword tip slices leater collar.

Spear steps from the entgoblin and pulls leather coller and throws leather coller toward the hold.

The leather coller twirls over soldiers down the pit and hits with a splat in mud by soldiers poking dead bodies with tips of swords. 

Spear grabs his warhammer and holds basdard sword with one arm feeling strenth surge through his body. His heart pumps the thumps and pounds, pounds, pounds. 

He feels whiskers poke from face and jaw unlocks and shift as he leaps over the engoblins throat to land and walk from the engoblins and soldiers beteween William and Kirra and toward the wagon. He breathes.

Murmurs of click and clacks spread through the soldier mass. Soldiers in the slope of the hole climb to see the laying entgoblin

William sees the whisker slowly protrude. He yells with Flare while Flare translates. ,,LET US PASS.''

The scepter holding soldier lifts the scepter.

The soldiers silence. They stare.

the scepter holding soldier peers at Guile.

Guile feels the scepter holding soldier tickle his mind with thought. Guile listens and loses mind in the Song of Reighn for Myst and the cuts and blood. 

,,PASS,'' says the scepter holding soldier in surface tongue talk. The scepter is pointed to three smashe wagons with root and swamp weed bags over ground. ''QUE RT KIK.''

The soldiers around the pack walk around and back to the Set and around the last four damaged wagons.

Flare says, ,,The want the last for wagons and the food.''

Shake stands and pivots and shakes and says starring, ,,Will they only be getting food?''

Flare looks at Shake. She squints and looks at Spear. 

Spear stands in the shandows, breathes and stares and feels numb with rages. His heart thumps. Veins pump blood. Arms shifts from shoulder. Jaw slide, protrude. Fore jaw slides forward. ,,Do those bags only contain weeds?''

,,Yes,'' says Flare.

,,WE MOVE,'' says William. He steps to Myst.

Myst says, ,,We can move.''

William nod and walks to the forth to last wagon.  ,,Flare could you help with these sacks of weeds.'' He sheathes his sword and tosses root and swamp weed sacks.

Shake runs and stumbles and drags sacks from wagon.

Flare throws sacks from stacks to piles.

Soldiers stare at the entgoblin. They step away with the click and clacks from the septer holding soldier point to the huge hole in the ground.

The scepter points to the entgoblins while the click and clacks.

Soldiers grab the entgoblin and drag it toward the pit.

Shake watches the soldier drag the entgoblin into the hole and toss the entgoblin in the hole.

The drum pound.

And William, Shake, Flare stack last of the bags from wagon with the pound of the quick drums.

Soldiers spead and gather rocks, bodies, stumbs limbs and toss them in pit.

Myst and Guile lift body. Guile trips over pebbles and the sticks of ankle brace. They body falls, and Shake hears the grunt and runs with Speed to catch the body. Myst and Shake carry body to wagon while Guile stands, smells sweat of Spear and hear Spear's heart.

The Heart Dagger beats and pounds Guile.

Spear's arms and legs hange the same. Armor shift's over Spear's body.
Finger muscles shift and bone grows. Palms flatten.

Guiles steps to Spear.

Spear says with a bit of a squeak, ,,I want it to stop.''

,,Meditate by focusing on a tree then want to be a tree of thought,'' says Guile.

Wagon lurge and squeak.

Spear inhales and focus upon a tree.

Soldier click and clack. They carry the sacks of root and swamp weed from the last four carts into the war wagon. They hook harnesses around neck to pull the war wagons. They push and pull the entgoblin in to the hole.

They don't see Minst fly with a tail for a rope ladder.

The wheel and lever falls from his grip into the trees.

Minst flies high and  sees soldiers spread over ground and through the trees, the stars, the darkends.

Tall towers rise from the forest to the rise and the wane. Lights shine between the trees and roof tops of bulidings growign from the swamp forest.

Minst lets the ladder fall as he swoops down along the road following the trail of the soldiers, catapults, rams, balista rolling along with entgoblins and packs of goblins pulling.

The weave around Minst loosens. The relief of wind lines spreading and flowing and guiding Minst along the road futter making Minst fill bumps rub over body. The makes create a path to and on the wide road a long bow shot away from the end of the soldeirs and war machines.

Minst lands along a dark stretch of road between building and road torch lights and the soldiers and war machines. He lands with a stumble but doesn't fall. He walks to the middle of the road, sits, opens the goblin spell book and reads glancing at the distant torces and floating balls of light.

The drums of the soldiers boom the night.

They pound along the ranks of soldiers and goblins packs and the war wagons and catapules and the wagon trail hauling root and swamp weed to the Rise.

The wheels of the wagons roll slow as the thick and talll ox-goblins step and pull chains.

Farmer warriors walk with heads staring at the gravel road or deep into the trees at the house or path lights here and there. They see the empty swamp and drying swamp weed.

Along the wagon train the wheels begin to roll.

The last cart carrying three farmer-warriors with cuts and stabs. One sits against the cart wall with handing hodling hand with missing fingers. 

Myst and Shake kneel on the wagon. Shake holds a torch. Myst humms and cleans the cuts of a leg. 

Wiliam hums and steps behind the last wagon.

Guile steps and jog and finds his pace behind.

William glances back to Kirra and Spear.

Kirra stands and stares into the forest.

Spear focuses to become a tree. Her heart beats slow and veins flow slow and calm. His arms, jaw, spine and legs remain shift and locked, hunched. He steps holding both his warhammer and bastard sword.

Then the entgoblins moans.

Willlaim looks back and says at Flare, ,,The entgoblin is not dead.''

Spear stops step and looks to hole.

Soldkiers toss dirt, rock, wagon parts and tree limbs and trunks in the hole and entgoblin.

William says loud, ,,THE WARRIOR LIVE!''

Spear walks from between the edge of road and wagon train to between the wagon train and the soldier and war machine line.

Soldiers stop to stare at Spear. The drums feel to pause, but drum on as Spear walks on through the glances and peers at his stretched and slouched posture. He walks to the edge of the rim.

And William stands and watches Spear.

Flare, too, pause the walk as he feels a shock from Spear to head the call. Then Blue feels around and Flare hears the sound of her own voice speaking in the goblin tongue that is translated by Myst's humm for Reighn to surface talk. ,,THE WARRIOR LIVES!''

Myst's Song of Reighn is heard by William, Guile, Shake and a farmer warrior.

The words of Flare talk to all and none give pause and boards, bags and rocks, trunks on top of the entgoblins.

Spear walk to stand at the edge.

The engoblins groans and tries to shift beneth rubbish.

The soldier holding scepter on top of the war wagon clicks and clacks loud, ,,CLAC!''

Soldiers in the pit hit the entgoblins with stones. They continue ot pile rubbish over the entgoblin.

Spear steps into the hole sliding down the side that are like a mud bowl. He pushes pack a few goblins and soldiers hitting rocks to entgoblin's head. With a quick flash, Spear slides the bastard word into the throat of engoblins.

The entgoblins dies.

Jan feels the entgoblins die. Jan sense the wagon wheels rool over the vines growing along the edge of the road. Their dry and flakey leaves crunch as the wagon wheels turn. She feels Kirra.

Kirra stares into forest, over the trees and stares, stands, looks. She sighs. Tear's pool over eyes, dry by the cool wind.

As Spear walks from the entgoblins and hole, he puts arm on Kirra's shoulder. ,,I feel Jan live.''

Kirra steps with Spear to William.

William says, ,,Where's Jan?"

Guide feels, ,,Jan is a tree until she don't want to be.''

Spear looks at Kirra. They stare. Spear says, ,,I feel it be.



