Jan felt the pulse she had felt since spreading her soul to search of a touch of life. The search did seek and did return a soft pulse felt as she walked from the room within the wall, as she walked between the buildings,  as she walked through the bazaar, as she waited for the verdict to be return. What returned was the growth in the pulse to go from a soft touch to a pound that spread from head and through the body. 

The pound was a pound of pleasure that faded as it spread leaving her mind and body wanting another burst. The pound was a pound that drew her mind from the returning council, the departing  friends and Kirra as she left with the two dwarves. The pound was a pound the came from below.

She followed the pound from the Rose Pack Stadium, over bridge, down a wooden lift, through the bazzar down a road way between buildings, and down and down into the deep depth of the street and alleys between taller and taller builings and the calm streets and few couples and groups walk here and there. All of them passing by without care or notice as the street became rough and level with people pounding hammer to spike and pick to rock at the ground and chisel against the rough deepening of building walls. Jan walked into a building,  into the center of a concentric circle release on the floor then there was a shimmer and a flash.

The flash faded. The pound faded, but the pleasure remained.

Surrounding Jan was a living machine. A waterfall flowed slow and steady with little rage from a thin span of space near the top of a wall only three times as tall as Jan but as long as the eye could see with the underdark sight. The waterfall water flowed into a long trough along the wall. The solid waste in the water would be trapped in the filter at the bottom the trough. The water then seeped from the trough into large basins full of bacteria to create food for algea that is food for snails and plankton. Fish ate the plankton. Plants soaked up the rest of the toxins rendering them harmless. Underdark trees and roots consumed the heavy metals. It was a living machine created by Todd.

Todd invented the living machine hundreds of seasons ago. It was created to being to clean the water exiting the main dwarven vein in the form of sewage, waste water and liquids disposed by the dwaves of the main vein. The invention came after hundreds of more years of sickness after the first of the wererats were quarentine in the vein and left to live off the waste of the rest of the mountain, which is size is hundreds of time larger and vast consuming gallons of water and though the main vein resuses water many times there came a time when the engineers of the main vein want to dump the waste water. It was before and after a stratic goal, to swamp the valley and pollute the moutain near the valley to put the sludge into the tunnels and pipes of the cistern. Along with the trash, the waste water was tossed aside by the main vein into the ancient cistern carrying only that the sludge and waste didn't return to their section of the mountain and still pollute the valley and create a swamp of dead land. After the were branch of the dwarven vein grew they need and were able to begin to focus on creating a living area for them to continue to survive.  Cleaning the water to rid the were vein's water was a job Todd personal took to task and with the ore mined from their vein and tunnels carved by their hammer and pick.

It was in the living machine the Jan lived for half the rotations. She walked the water filter trough pushing the cleaning grate over the bottom pushing the trash to one end where it was dumped and hualed to the furnaces. She help create new purification basins over the vaste flat rock cavern. She help fix and clean some of these thousands of basins placed  over the cavern floor. She followed the water tickle to the new cistern created to pool the clean water. She stood guard making sure no one entered or left without taking and returning their security bell. She watched and learned how the water was pumped and pushed from the new cistern through the city using heat and gravity and the rush of water it self to force the water through the pipe spread through the city.

It was the living machine that showed Jan that nature could be a machine and not only an energy of growth. It gave her hope that the swamp could recover from the goblin hordes given time and love to give the blants and life purify the water and ground for animals. It was the pumps and tubes  that taught Jan forces of nature can be helped with the tools of the mind.  The please of working with the learing machine gave Jan such joy and connection that her feeling and pulling of the forces of life to weave them in a magical power of unnatural release had no feeling in her for it was flowing from her and into the living machines.

It was leaving the living machine that left behind the pleasure felt through body mind. The magic desire returned to create as he left. Half the rotations were lived in the trash horde in the ancient cistern full of trash once walk a time go by Jan.

The trash in the cistern is both old and new for through a secure channel dwarves of the other veins still hall and dump their trash through shoots to spill and spread from cistern to cistern. The trash is then tossed and turn by the trash monster that sucked the slime and gleans the food rot from the trash allowing for the work crew of dwarves hauling trash to the furnaces to not waste time picking through the trash to remove the food that they felt dimmed the fire.

The slime is a recent growth that is eaten by the trash monster, but also caused the trash monsters to become sluggish with feast. Now unable to eat suck the slime and eat all the food the cycling of the trash slowed. The slime also began to spread and caused trash like rope, cloths, wood became puddles of gew after exposure to the slime, and it's ability to grow from the smallest amount was more of a concern. It was the slime that was Jan force focus as she left the beauty of the living machine and walked the cistern tunnels to the heaps of trash and stench of decay of all things natural and unnatural.

Todd lead Jan to the cistern where she and her friends had entered months past. The cistern of the slime origin was in this cistern. It was the cistern with the thickest growth. It was the cistern that was the were Todd showerd Jan a plant much like moss that he had breed and he had found ate the slime and was edible. Todd left leaving Jan with the task of spreading moss spore along the walkways, columns and walls of the cistern. A task that took time.

It  was task Jan found to past slow and sad surrounded by the trash. The happiness was felt for she knew that the spores were a life more natural to the slime. 

Unlike rotations living and working with the living machine, she found a desire to again focus on herself and to reading books brought to her by Todd, but taking with Todd about the plants and animal of the underdark, about the glowing moss marking the way for those who have not the eyes to see through the dark.

Todd and her became close friends. They were close enough that on the last day Todd presented her with a staff grown from a Grathic Tree, a tree used to work the living machine. A Tree that losses it's roots for the roots to float away and grow a new tree. It is rare to find a root straight and true. It was a living staff that would grow no more until submerged in water for rotations. It would heal, and it was stronger than steel. Jan felt close enough to Todd to accept the gift and give him a hug.

She left with bag and her new staff leaving her old staff with Todd, who promised to use it as a handle to one of the scrapers. She left and walked to a lift guided by Todd's directions, who was told she would meet her pack at the entrance of the lift.

Jan walked and Jan walks.

Jan walks along the paths along the edge of the cistern. She follows a pack of dwarves stepping up stone step and along the stone walk way to the large double door exit. 

She sees moss growing along the walls and pillers and smiles. She steps after the pack of armored dwarves into the large hall.

The hall is coverd from floor to ceiling with moss...

Jan stands with back near the green glowing wall and face focusing sight to the sides and deep into the hall to two cisterns filled with trash and slime.

Jan looks at the moss growing on her robe. The moss covers her rope. It grows woven between the thick and tight wearve of the wool. It's sweet dirt and wet grass smell fumes around Jan. 

Slime covers her hands.

Jan inhales and smiles feeling a rush and pulling in energy through body. She rests staff against her neck and head. She puts her hands in her pockets.

The moss warms, drys, cools, relaxed Jan's skin.  

She stands and stairs. 

The moss warms her hands.

The door open. Their base pulls back and under top of long moss strands The doors stop. 

Dwarves and wererats dressed in armor stand and look at the door then at other dwarves, wererats, axes, knives, hammers, armor plates, beards and food. They talking and sit and stand laughing, smiling, staring, waiting.

Jan feels Kirra. Jan peers into the lift and steps feeling the beat of her heart find a distant pace.

Kirra steps from Minst with a small and glare at Jan.

Minst smiles and nods and makes slow steps through the pack to Grun, Spear and William.

,,Where are we going?" says Minst. 

Grun looks at Minst, says, ,,Hiytnh grass."

Spear, William and dwarves standing around smile, some laugh.

Grun looks at Minst. ,,Wait until we depart this lift to continue to questions for they will not be answered until we leave." He looks at Minst and winks. "Knowledge will come with time." 

Minst looks at Kirra.

Kirra steps and shuffles between groups and packs of blue, red, yellow, hued armor. 

Jan steps on to the platform and toward Kirra.

They meet. They clasp and hands, hug, squeeze and part.

The doors begin to close.

The both look at each other and smile.

People standing around look and smile at the two standing.

The doors close with a shake and near bang. The talking volume rises with the echoes.

Kirra and Jan stare at each other.

,,Words are lost," says Kirra.

Jan smiles. ,,Yes."

Kirra grabs the cuff of Jan's robe. ,,Learn to weave moss."

,,It weaves it self." Jan grabs Kirra's hand. "I learning live can weave itself."

The lift jolts, shutters, shakes, lowers with a groan from the ropes.

,,How are you?" says Jan.

,,Good," says Kirra.

Jan nods. ,,Me, too."

,,KIRRA," hollers Spear. He waves arm from them to the pack. He sees Kirra nod and begin walking toward the pack. He look at Grun. "She has talked much."

,,Kirra is not one to let words go to waste," says William.

Spear nods.

Minst says, ,,Kirra has never been one to be found in litany over small talk and simple ponders of life for she feels to be introverted to pull herself deeper in to her surroundings." He looks at Spear. "She's never been much of a talker."

Spear smiles. ,,A trait needing to be for all."

Minst peers and Spear, shrugs and looks over to Kirra. ,,I believe she is being followed by another. He squints. "Jan."

Kirra and Jan step and slide to Spear, Minst and William.

Dwarves look back and caste glances and a few sneers as they pass. A few pivot heads side to side.

,,Jan," says Minst, "Where has time taken you?"

Jan smiles at Minst. "From the water filter system to the trash to here."

,,Spear! William!" says Grun.

Willam and Spear step from Jan and walk to Grun. Grun points both at the front of the now forming group.

Dwarves look at William and Spear and pivot head side to side. Others points and laugh while uttering Grun's name.

The Rose Warrior Pack aligns in two single file lines with William and Grun at the head of the lines with Spear before them.

Jan, Kirra and Minst watch.

Others around sneer and peers and cast glances with folded arms. Grunts and laughter spread from the pack lead by Spear.

The floor to the lift stops with a shutter. The tight ropes pull and moan. The doors begin to open.

The Rose Pack Warrios fall in a two rows.

,,FRINT. YOUIM!'' Hollers Spear covering his sound all

The dwarves of the Rose Pack form up to two straight lines.

The shaking heads and murmuring mouths stop and look at the sound.

The rose pack warriors stomp foot to ground then another sending the clap of steel agains stone.

Armored, robed, tunic drapped dwarves standing around step back with shrugs and sideways glances with slow and exaturated movements.

,,GEEYOI!" hollers Spear as he steps forward. 

The two lines follow with a step. William and Spear contrast agains the dwarves all armmored their red hued, sectioned full plate. They step past Minst, Kirra and Jan.

,,Do we walk behind?" says Minst.

Kirra walks along side the line. Jan steps and follows.

Minst looks at the line passes, at Kirra and Jan and the warriors around giving shoulder and back to the pack. He waits until the end of the marching columns pass then follows its wake.

They march and step from the other partrols, miners, engineers, priests and workers to the great all to two cisterns. They walk and march left follow Spear and the stretch long letting each foot fall flat and true until the march ends at the entrance and steps into the cisitern. 

Torches flicker and grow along the tall and wide pillars and the walls of the cistern casting light on mounds of trash and moss.

Spear pivots and faces Grun and William. He looks at Grun. Grun nods. ,,LIFNEERT."

The Rose Pack breaks rank and forms a semi-circle around Spear.

Grun steps from the semi-circle and stands by Spear speaking in dwarvish that is still translated from dwarvish to common for William and Spear as he words come forth fast.

,,WARRIORS!" hollers Grun in surface speak.

The Rose stomp and hit shafts of hammers to floor.

Grun raises his hands. ,,This rotation will not be a rotation of another hall or tunnel." He speaks loud and clear using surface speak looking from warrior to warrior. "To the surface will be going to see an enemy growing over the very mountain we call home. We will not be engaging the enemy. We will not be fight the enmeny. We will be watching the enemy." Grun looks over the crowd and meets the gaze of each of the patrol. "I need to stress our conduct must be as one for the path we take to night will be no more after the night. And if we leave in rush OR if we need save the vein by sacrificing us then it will be the death of the pack." Grun looks from dwarf to dwarf. "From this step on we will use the surface speech. I don't believe those we will be spying on will what dwarvis is, butif there is a mind among them that can hear language we must speak surface speak." He points at Fri and smiles. "I can read your mind, Fri. You need not speak."

A few dwarf laughs.

Grun smiles. Smiles fades as Grun relaxes face before he tense to holler. He opens mouth then closes saying. ,,Spear leads the pack. I will guide a line."

,,IN LINE," hollers Spear.

Steel feet hit steel feet. Steel claps.              

Spear's wooden plates slide and clop in place. He lifts his hammar and pick and welds them boths as he descends the moss covered stairs to the moss covered path.

Kirra looks at Jan's robe and the ground, says, ,,Has the moss replaced the trash monster?"

,,Yes," says Grun. 

The lines steps with step after Spear. Once the marching feet hit the trash the formation spreads and the two lines become two groups. Spear then runs forward with William and Grun following. 

Minst, Jan and Kirra stand by the stairs.

,,What was that?" says Minst.

,,Formation," says Kirra.

She smiles, slides sword into sheath, gets bow and runs over and round the mounds of moss covered trash.

Jan feels the warm from feet and smells the flow of life in the dirt laces smell of the moss on the ground and woven in her robe. flows with the blend of the patches of moss casting heat and life around the mounds and hills and pillars and walls.

Minst stands. He smiles. He pulls a white feather from pocket, clears mind, shapes form, the lips let out a near moans. Minst lifts the feather high and pulls strands from the feather. The strand float to ground. The rest on moss. Minst's feet lift from ground.

Minst flies slow. His body tips left and right and head. The weight settles. He lifts  his arms and his body begins lower forward as is body halts. He floats in the air. He lowers his arms and focus a line vertical on a horizonal plane in mind. He flies forward.

The pack spreads and runs silent around mounds. The moss absorbs the sound of the feet. The metal sections silent as they run. Pack spreads. Their bodies transition to hyprid were. The pack follows Spear from side to side canvasing the area making sure only the pack runs the way. 

Spear's larger body is seen running on feet to running on paws with fore paws hitting stide os the trash with a fist gribbing both and hammar and a pick. He runs in the lead looking back to spot William and Grun, who both feel the look and peer and give a quick hand wave and point forward. Spear runs forward and runs around piles of trash.

William nods and runs up the tallest nearest mount. He looks left looking down and up to tips seeing twelve of the pack line. He sees the heat trail of four more hidden. He sees the and hears the soft squeek said to be deaf to many. The squeeks a count to give the area of the line canveas.

The lines of the packe become one line spaning side to side with Spear in the lead scouting the coming mounds, in the shadows, around the pillers and into the darkeness. 

Kirra runs, and Jans flows over the moss keeping up with Kirra only by seeing the moss patches weaving the surface trash to a solid ground.

Kirra sees the spots and steps and leaps and strides over the moss.

The trail is a trail Jan sees as one she planted when she first mace. She cans see the thick path of moss showing the trail she walked. 

They run and Minst flies like standing through the air. His focuses on Spear and on balance and movement. He holds his sling, but it hold limp and without focus. They span and run and fly from one side cistern to the other. 

Spear looks back at Grun on top a distant trash mound. He squeaks. 

The squeak barely heard by William, but a sound heard clear by all around. 

The squeak said to Spear and William forward and through.

Kirra and jan heard only a squeak and following Spear and the pack and a flying Minst through a tunnel by the huge doors of a lift shafter and through a cistern with more dense moss.

The moss covers the walls, pillars and trash floor. The moss soft and firm.

The pack expands. And the group flows to another tunnel and by more huge doors by a self.

Grun squeaks the stop. Spear squeaks back the command. The command spreads.

Spear walks from a run to a step to a stand peering down the tall tunnel past a huge hole to a shaft.

The cave before is a wall of rock and dirt and chunks of relief carving spread in pieces from floor and up the incline of rubble.

Silent pads of paws and the slap of feet surround Spear. Minst lowers then slams and falls to the ground. 

A few dwarfes look at Minst and shrug. ONe offers a paw.

Everyone focuses on Spear.

Grun walks to Spear. ,,May I have the talk?"

Spear says, ,,The talk is yours."

Grun steps by Spear.

The pack with Minst, Kirra and Jan surround Grun and Spear.

Grun poinst to Fri and Zi then spreads his hands. 

All but Fri and Zi of the pad spread. A few run up the ramp on rubble and hide behind boulders. A few stand and press into the moss along the walls. Five stand near the huge opening into the shaft. The rest run and spread across the hall and into the cistern. 

Grun nods and waves a hand toward the huge hole and the shaft.

Fri, Zi, Spear, William, Minst, Jan, Kirra we will be climbing up the ladder and through a shaft reopened a rotation ago. We shall only speak surface speak when we need to speak. The shaft exists to the side  of the Valley near high enough to be the distant enough for those of the whole not to hear us the few. Everyone else remains peering at the darkness and the huge shaft.

Grun walks to the edge of the huge hopening, reaches, grabs a steel bar driven into the smooth interior surface of the shaft. He puts hammar on loop on belt, swings grabs hold and climbs.

Spear then William, Jan, Kirra, Fri the Zi sheaths weapons and climb silent up the huge shaft.

Minst lifts from ground flies with a vertical stannce behind.

The ladder accends until their hands are cold and near freezing. The moss growing around the rails and on the rails causes a slip making hte climb slow.

A cold breeze flows past casting a chill. The iron bars go from cold to freezing.

The shafter spans up. The moss covered sized behind to push back and widens into holes and wall fractures. The shafter stops.

The ladder climbs the wall into a small shaft big enough of Spear, but not big enough for two Spears.

Freeze surrounds and covers.

Minst waits for Fri to pass then floats up behind focusing on the ladder climbers to keep movement focused.

He hold sling in hand and begins to see the focus to spin and aim it.

The shaft and ladder extend above long enough to numb everyones hands when they reach the top and a round carved hall that causes William, Kirra and Spear to crouch. 

Jan grabs a stone, presses her hands around it and pull force and energy from the moss and the ground and slolwy turns her plams. 

The stone steams then heats to a hot object. She passes the stone to Kirra.

Kirra passes it to William who tosses hand to hand. The rock falls to the ground. Spear reaches and holds the rock nodding to Kirra. 

The rock passes from Grun and Fri and Zi.

Zi give the rock to Jan and Jan lays the rock on the ground. 

Grun steps down the tunnel making no noise. 

The tunnel has rough walls with blouders and rock sticking from ceiling. Wooden boards span the ceiling and buttress from ceiling to wall. The ground is covered with frozen dirt and walk. The cold spreads causing Minst to shiver. 

Breath is has heat puffs white clouds followed by the chilled air that cools the lungs. 

William holds back a cough.

They walk slow and steady with William making a some sounds when his sword sheath hits rock.

The freezing air fills the air with fresh and smells of smoke.

After any steps and many acts of stopping lower by Kirra, William and Spear the darkness lightens to a deep blue.

Their buffs of breath are seen. Grun becomes a silhouette then steps from a cave to a ledge.

The others follow looking down and foward and standing on the edge of ledge.

Wind blows and whips. Snow covers the ledge.

Feet break the smooth ice surface.

Jan feels deep hollow pain spread over her body pulling the joy and happiness out leaving nothing but an empty body to cry.

Kirra feels release and smile with the cold of the wind blowing over her.  She looks at Jan and feels the sorrow.

The pack stands on the ledge peers into the valley.

Campire fires span from camps near the ledge down to the vally floor and to the other side of the valley. Small and large and huge fires flicker from through a haze of smoke canvassing the valley floor. The fire illuminates a tower twice as tall as the last tower once burnt.

The tower stands in the center of a spread city of buildings, houses, then a shanty collection of leantos and huts spreading from the mountain side and past the raised road helped built by William's father. Areas once canvase in trees are now canvased with stumps. The campire fires span and spread though they do thin in number beyond the rock wall holding back the swamp the the waterfall to the other end of the canyon.

A low thump and shouting can be heard below as sihlouettes walk before distant fires. 

Grun breaks the silence. ,,They have been coming from the far end of the canyon and many of the mountain passes. They come in clans and hordes. The valley is becoming infested with Goblins." He points to the tower. "The tower was rebuit during the past twenty rotations. There is a similar tower being build in the valley" He points the tip of the hammer long the canyon floor. "The goblins infest from one end to the other." He looks at William. "Even Branching has closed off or destroyed all room in the valley." 

,,We must stop them," says Jan.

William nods and clenches jaw. He pulls and grips hammer.

,,How?" says Minst. "We'd need an army?"
 
,,Hern believes there is a way to rid the goblins from the canyon and the valley and mountains." He looks at William 

Kirra hears a group of goblins near as a faint click and sqwaks flow between the gusts of wind.

Grun continues, "Hern wanted-"

Kirra lifts hand over her mouth and and points to an up-cropping of bolders off in a distance and arrow shoot away.

Grun nods. He points back to the cave and waves.

Spear nods. Minst walks to the opening. Kirra looks at Jan. Jan stares at the Valley below. 

William puts a hand on her shoulder. ,,We will find an end to this." He lowers hand and walks over the frozed snow suface following his feet with his sight.

Grun steps with Spear and Kirra looks at the night sky. She inhales and exhales and follows the rest in.

The wind gusts then fades as the walk the long dark tunnel. The fresh, but smoke filled air.

They walk with less care by kick rocks and stumpling through the cavern kicking echoes through the cave to the ladder.

,,We should kill those goblins," says William says as Grun kneels to climb down the ladder.

,,And have another incident on my watch." Grun climbs down and looks at William. "You will have a time to fight out you agression."

Minst steps by William rubbing and breathing into his palms. ,,Excuse me." He smiles to William. He climbs after Grun.

Willian nods and climbs down the ladder followd by Jan, Kirra, Fri, Zi.

The climb the ladder and step from the shaft to the sold rock ground.

The smell of must and dirt, wet dew hit each with an awareness there is no sky.

The group looks at the dwarve pack spread along at attention. They watch without words as Grun points for a group of five to ascend the ladder and the walk to the group still standing by the ledge of the shaft.

,,Where's Myst?" says William.

Kirra shrugs. Spear meets Grun. Minst says, ,,I have not heard nor seen of Myst since we left her in the Rose Stadium.

Spear meets Grun. Grun walks to the pack. ,,The tunnel will be demolished. A team is on its way." He steps to the edge of the shaft opening and looks up. "Spear will be leading you back to the Rose Pack Warrior quarters for I must remain to guard the tunnel until the engineers arrive and remove any trace of a tunnel."

Spear nods.

,,Have you seen Myst?" says William.

Grun slaps William on the shoulder. "No, my friend. You will be meeting her soon enough."

,,Will we meet again before we depart to the surface?" says Spear.

Grun looks at Spear then William. ,,It would be a pleasure, but engineers are never known for being on time." Grun smiles. "We will meet again. And until we do I would like you to know it was an honor leading both of you." He looks from Spear to William to Kirra to Jan to Minst. "It was a please meeting all. I only wish the situation had been a situation of mutal understanding to begin."

All look at Grun.

,,We-" begins to say Minst.

,,We go," interrupts Spear.

Grun nods, walks to the ladder and ascends.

Spear steps from the group. The group follows.

Dwaves step from shadow and moss. They walk behind Spear in to the trash. The slow walk with stares and nods at William and Spear before they grab both hammer and pick and raise and level them with arms straight from shoulder.

Spear, William, Kirra, Jan and Minst walk across the moss covered cistern the through another hearing only the soft squish of trash and moss spread from their feet. They walk up steps, down steps covered with moss, trash covered with moss. The walk up the steps to the hall and the shaft and lift.

They stand before the huge double doors. They stare at the huge double doors.

Kirra stares at door, the group, left and right down the hall and Jan.

Jan's head is slumped and hand loosely holds her staff feeling warmth and care from it and from Kirra allowing Jan's tears to dry and mind focus on the natural flow through the chaos of nature. She  looks up an smiles at Kirra. Their stare is pulled to avert by Minst.

,,Have you learned to control the lycanthrope?" says Minst.

Spear nods his head. He looks at Minst. ,,Yes."

Minst says, ,,What does it feel to be infected?"

Spear looks away from Minst. ,,Like rage.'' He looks forward. He feels the calm of the wake fade
and desire to drop and run free flows through body making heart pump fast and strong. The blood rushes and pushes the body forward. Spear stands. 

They stand and stare. William grips a fist with guantlet dripping the war hammer in his hand. 

Minst slides his hand between folds of elvenmail touching his spellbook. He runs his fingers along his belt feeling the components for magic missle, fireball, bolt of lighting, dimension door and light.

Time passes. Legs shift side to side.

William says, ,,Were's Minst?"

Everyone stands. The stare at the huge doors.

Jan sits and opens her sack and being to look through the contenct pullong bits of moss from objects on top.

William looks at Spear and Minst. 

They both glance at William then look away.

Kirra says, ,,How will we remove goblins from the swamp?"

,,Kill them one by one," says Spear.

William glences guantlet. ,,The small shield. The small shield will help us prevail."

,,It's only one shield," says Kirra.

,,According to legend by Carlos," says William then fades words. He looks at Kirra. "I don't know."

,,We can ask Hern," says Minst. "He seemed to know the origin of you armor. He seems to know a lot. We can ask him. Maybe he knows more now?"

William nods. ,,He may."

,,And we do have that map. We could use it once we leave and are on the trail again. Maybe your family and the goblins are creating..." Minst stops speaking.

William peers at Minst.

The two huge stone door slowly slide to part to reveal an opening to a lift filled with miners and warriors. Talking at the front of the group packed inside slows their talk and avert their stares at the group.

Spear steps forward holding both his pick and hammar. William follows with Minst,
Jan and Kirra.

They walk to the center of the lift platform making dwarves step from their path. They stand in the middle of the lift as the doors close, the robe groan and the platform rises.

Warriors and miners and engineers cast glances at the group, but do not stare or give smears and sneers. 

The door opens. The door closes. The lift rises.

,,I would have like to seen how these lifts work," says Minst. "He looks around. I did see other wonders that give the mind much to think for rotations to come and go. I seen the largest component library I believe exists in the land as far as I have travelled. It was absolutely awe inspiring that must be in a tale of Carlos the barded dwarf. I can only imagine the size of the components library in the main vein. It must be so vaste I'd likely become overwhelmed with information." The platform stops as Minst continues to talk. "Then there was learning the sling." He lifts his sling. "A good weapon I learned to use to disrupt a spellcasters focus. It did me when I first arrived in the study. Two bullets hit me square before I could grab a component." The door begin to open as he continues to talk. "This is why I had to create this belt. The pockets will fit components for many spells. I have everything seals, so water won't seep into the containers. And the top flight pull tightstopping the water from flowing." 

Spear steps forward followed by William, Kirra, Jan then Minst.

Minst still talks. ''I have this side pouch for the sling bullets and with the pack on back I have found that I am better equiped for the close combat now that I don't have the big sack flopping around hitting this and that. It's weird I didn't think of this befere going. All the training and use of defense spells sometime makes it seem as if all combat is the same, but it's not. All combat is not the same."

They step from the platform and shaft following a few warriors and a couple minors.

Minst continues to speak and points. ''We ever trained in the wall training area when the pack was away. Had I known Spear and William were with the Rose Pack Warriors I would have made an effort to come see you, but I had no idea. And to be honest I didn't make an effort to find for I was too tired and strained with body pushed to its limits with sling training, battle training then  reading and studying ever night. The dwarven spell form is so facinating and vastely different than the elven and human form I have learned.  It is something I am beginning to understand now that I have been showing the common links between all schools of magic. This is something I was taught..."

The group follows Spear to a short line to the door to the shower.

Minst talks. "...The teaching was good. The are a little more strict than the Sphere I had my early studies, but they were just as effective, and I have given this thought. That thought being that we are all the same." Minst stands and looks at Spears back then turn head to peer at Kirra, Jan then William. "What do you think?"

Kirra looks past Myst. Jan shrugs. William says, ,,About goblins and Myst."

Minst nods, looks forward and follows Spear.

Spear, Minst, Jan, Kirra and William through the doors to the showers, through the showers, by the sanitizing bots and to the hall after pulling their items from the sanitation pots. Jan leaves her robe and staff out of the pots knowing that the moss has consumed the slime from her.

They clean and walk up the hall to the room were they first stayed. The walk up the spiral stairs and the relief statues and carvings  along the wall. They hear hollow taps. They walk into to the room and find Myst sitting on the floor on hands and needs singing soft to self, crying and drumming on a drum.





