Then there was light, again.

Love sees to all, >Every time is fight time, so you will see this every light. White light will remain bright during light. You will sleep together. You will follow Spear. Spear is the pack leader. You will follow Spear to gather. You will follow Spear to eat. You will follow Spear to train. You will follow Spear to eat. You will fight. You will eat. You will play. You will sleep.<

Spear is the pack leader. They run halls and stairs. They follow Spear to gather food bits and string and fur bundles. They drink from a fountain.  They chase, wrestle and play bowl ball. The follow Spear to nest and eat. The glass food cart sells mutton for dinner. They eat. 

The nest grows.

Kirra says, ,,Where is Myst.'' She feels sharp pain stab ears. The pain fades, and Kirra sharpens knives with wetstone bought from cart. 

William and Spear wrestle and feel Love's mental purr.

White light dims.

Dark and Myst throat vibrations hum.

The pack sleeps. The pack heals with the hums.

The white lights shines through the nest.

Love sees to all, >Every time is fight time, so you will see this every light. White light will remain bright during light. You will sleep together. You will follow Spear. Spear is the pack leader. You will follow Spear to gather. You will follow Spear to eat. You will follow Spear to train. You will follow Spear to eat. You willfight. You will eat. You will play. You will sleep.<

Spear is the pack leader. They follow Spear to gather food bits and water. They eat. They case Spear to train and jump and wrestle to train. The play bowl ball to train. They follow spear to nest to eat and play. They wrestle, sharpen weapons, clean wounds, built the nest, roam the halls to bathe or shit in a hole. They play.

The nest grows.

The dark comes.

Vibrations and hums sooth bodies.

They sleep.

The light shines.

The nest glows.

Love sees to all, >Every time is fight time, so you will see this every light. White light will remain bright during light. You will sleep together. You will follow Spear. Spear is the pack leader. You will follow Spear to gather. You will follow Spear to eat. You will follow Spear to train. You will follow Spear to eat. You will fight. You will eat. You will play. You will sleep.<

Spear leads the run. Spear picks the food and water to drink and eat. Spear leads to the training room to wrestle, stretch, spare with sticks and play bowl ball. The follow Spear to nest. They eat. They play.

The nest grows.

The darks hums and vibrates.

The pack sleeps.
The light shines.

The nest glows.

Love sees to all, >Every time is fight time, so you will see this every light. White light will remain bright during light. You will sleep together. You will follow Spear. Spear is the pack leader. You will follow Spear to gather. You will follow Spear to eat. You will follow Spear to train. You will follow Spear to eat. You will fight. You will eat. You will play. You will sleep.<

Spear is the pack leader. They follow Spear to gather food bits and water. They eat. They case Spear to train and jump and wrestle to train then fight. The play bowl ball to fight. They follow spear to nest to eat and play. They wrestle, sharpen weapons, clean wounds, built the nest, roam the halls to bathe or shit in a hole. They play.

The nest grows.

The darks hums and vibrates.

The pack sleeps.

The light shines.

The nest glows.

Love sees to all, >Every time is fight time, so you will see this every light. White light will remain bright during light. You will sleep together. You will follow Spear. Spear is the pack leader. You will follow Spear to gather. You will follow Spear to eat. You will follow Spear to train. You will follow Spear to eat. You will fight. You will eat. You will play. You sleep.<

Spear is the pack leader. They follow Spear to gather food bits and water. They run the halls. They follow spear to the Nest and Love.

Love stands by the edge of the nest one step to the door of the nest. Love sees, >|Six lights to fight to death. You know death is everywhere.<

Kirra smirks and shrugs shoulders, looks down the halls.

Gladiators stand and talk. A few masters wearing ropes stand with guards and talk.

A ring rings in Kirra's mind.

>|LISTEN,< sees Love's voice to all. >|And follow to fight. Fight to live. Kill undead.<

She steps.

And the shadows steps around.

Spear and William follow with thoughts seen thorugh the halls. They feel the stares. They watch the warriors. They feel their bodies ready for the fight. The follow Love.

And Love leads by giving Kirra a ring of that becomes pain.

Kirra steps and follows, and the pain ring in her mind becomes a purr then the purr silence.

The purr spreads through their minds like a vibration and a whistle. Through the whistle and vibration, they feel the tension of the warriors, the watch the glances and twitches show the other warriors no. 

the pack walks with love. 

Love leads along the halls, up the stairs. The pack follows.

Love leads through the people and crowds. The pack follows.

The crowd parts. One throws water that Kirra evades with a duck and leads with a punch in the face.

A ring peirces her mind before the body hits the ground, before the guards move, before she steps with Love.

Kirra steps with Love, and the ring fades from her mind with the pain.

Love leads between the rising bleechers, into a hall and a glass room with water, bandages and a bed with a feather mattris.

Love sees, >You wait in room. You will be called. You walk the hall to the pit. You fight when you enter the pit.<

Love sits on a seat near the door of the glass room and closes eyes. One by one sees to their minds. >Spear, Fight,< then >|Kirra, fight,< then >William, fight.<

They fight...



