As Shake and Guile kneel with the flock of lambs, cold wind blows over the moonlight backs of sheep flocking away from the fence near the ledge of the cliff.

Shake pushes his shivering into the lambs wool and presses body against the lamb as the lamb kicks then settles still next to shake.

The sheeps spread then press against Shake and Guile. Their wet wool butts splash cold water onto the their faces. A shit covered butt rubs Guile's face.

Guile pushe she sheep away and then one two, three, four, five sheeps begin to bahaa and shift and find  calm in the warm in the cold wind. 

,,We go. NOw,'' say Guile.

,,What about Hern,'' says shake moving with knees as the sheep warming his hands jostles with the flock.

..He won't follow.'' Guile grabs Shakes sleeve and forces a stare throough moon light. "The mountain giants will."

,,Giants?'' says Shake.

,,Mountains Giants,'' says Guile. He releases Shake and crawl hand and knell through slopping piss and shit. He tries to shover mind from body then spread a mental shout, but the shout is a whisper at only Shake sees in mind.

>Move,< sees Guile to Shakes mind.

Shake jumps and jerks, and he follows Guile through the slop pulling ripped sleave over hand as it plops through the shit and piss.

A sheep steps on Shake's hand, and Shake hits the sheep jumps and kicks setting off a ripple of movement thorugh the near still and ripole of babaas in the fence pool.

A fence appears before Guile, and Guile scurries with bend knees shuffling over rock and pebble path. 

He crawsl through the fence then crouches then steps  and runs silent along the moon light gravel and slows and steps silent near Guile's rustling of feet. ,,Where are we going?''

,,Down,'' says Guile pulling on Shake's pant leg. 

Shake steps to a silent shuffle next to Guile. ,,The moon's shinning. We're not hiding in shadows. Down. I want down. I want warm.''

,,Queit,'' says Guile loud.

Shake silent says only to Guile. ,,Your whisper is louder than my talk. Read my mind, think to it or listen.'' Shake's feet burn with cold. ''I can still feel my feet, but need shoes, or bags. Not pillow cases.''

They shuffle loud over slop of people white against black of rock and with the patches of snow.

''What's in the cave?''

,,The mountain giants.'' 

Shake peer along the moonlight gravel towaard the side of the mountain and sees shades of black for a cave. He stand and runs silent toward the cave feeling frozen feet burn. He runs with moon light into cave with shelves of stone stacked with gate and grears with pullies and shears near backs of woll and a rolls of woven role. 

Moon light cases light to large spiddle as large as a catapult is trace. Then darkness shodows the depths. 

Shake slides glass shard wraped in silk rope form a rope and cuts a body sized piece of wool from spindal as tall as a house. He glances at Guile.

Guile runs from the moon light to the shadow. 

A  low boom vibrates. The tuds and pounds hit.

A shadow as tall as a tree with legs and arms and thick as a tree trunks steps into the mood light

Shake grins and steps back, says ,,It can't be good when I think it bad.''




