
Bright beams of light shine and reflect off the smooth floor of the dragon's lair.

Rocks and chunks of mud with a tree falls from ceiling high above into the lake.

All around lay dead goblins covered in blood and flesh.

A pile of dirt, rock and trees climbs from edige of cover to the surface above the ceiling.

William, Minst, Spear, Kirra, Jan, Myst and Buckey peer around the cavern, the sky and then each other. 

,,The black dragon has Carlos," says William. The stare focused on each. 

,,The eggs," says Jan. A feeling of warmth turns to cold to cool then a deep feeling of protection. "Carlos has the eggs."

Rocks and bolders and bits of dirt tumble down the dirt pile. Dust fills the air. Puddles of acide fill the impressins of the ground.

The goblins and hobgobins lift heads, look to the daylight, visor eyes from the bright sun.

,,We need to go," says Williams standing. He sneezes and stapes to Buckey. Buckey bluster and snorts and wips tail.

Kirra stands and pulls up Jan by the robe. Jan's palms are pulled from the ground and her closed eyes open wide. ,,JAN," hollers Kirra. "We need to go."

Minst stands coughing and brusing off sack. He opens sack and scans the interior the follows Buckey and William at a jog and trot to the pile of rock, dirt and trees rising at incline to the surface above.

Spear runs along William and Buckey. He holds sword in hand and looks over the smashed, slash and severed goblins and goblins parts. 

Myst sneezes and stands and watches William, Buckey, Spear, Minst, Kirra and Jan run to the mound of dirt piled to the top of the dragons' lairs. She stares at the bright light shining from above. Her steps becomes a walk. Then she sees a glimmering object falling from the sky. She runs behind.

They exit the cove. 

The shining object falls on top of the huge pile of dirt ramp then it rolls down.

William stumbles over a goblins thrashing arond the ground rubbing skin smoking with acid burn.

A distant dragon roar is heard with the moans, shout, cries and screams of goblins and hobgoblins.

The goblins horde pressed agains the far side of the cavern begin to stand and spread. Hobgoblins begin pushing and pulling the goblins into groups. They points and shout and scream. 

William looks back at Myst. ,,HURRY." William steps on the step mound of dirt, rock and tree. He looks at Buckey.

Buckey kicks and clomps slipping and kick over rocks and tree root and limbs sticking through the ground.

Tree limb and root catch, hold and release buckey's kicking hooves.

Buckey whinneys and kicks and climbs. 

Spear, Kirra, Jan and Minst follow William up the steep and long dirt ramp to the surface.

Myst climbs the ramp forking path from William and climbing to the shiny object.

Rock and dirt slid down.

Hobgoblins push through the standing and crawling and limping goblins toward the dirt ramp. They point to the bright light and peer from goblin to goblins screaming gutteral shouts and yells to and at the goblins. They grab the goblins and toss them infront of their marching path to the climbing companions.

,,MYST," hollers William. He graps a tree root and steadys self as he slips and slides.

Myst uses hands and feet to climb fast to the shiney object that feel from the sky. She climbs over a tree trunk and through tree roots sticking through the ground like tree limbs. She grabs and pulls through the roots to a shining gloves. ,,The guantlet."

She grabs the gauntlet and raise it above head.

William waves hand from Myst over to the group.

Kirra pulls on Jan's arm and steps and grabs a tree limb with another hand.

Buckey stalls. The goblin leader's dead body sides to end of rump pulls tight the rope tied under buckeys belly bound around the dead leader's wrists and ankles.

Spear pushing on Buckey's rump and on the dead leader on Buckey's back. 

Buckey kicks and steps up the steep incline. Minst climbs through trees and roots looking behind at the gather goblins horde. 

Hobgoblins spread in single groups slapping and pushing together small groups of goblins then screaming and hitting them to rush the pile of dirt. 

Goblins runs and scream and shout then run in weaves through goblins and run into the dim depths of the cavern and into the tunnels. Goblins push against  goblins throwing rocks and dirt at other goblins then pointing to the sky. 

Fight between hobgoblins and goblins spread from one to two to three to more.

Myst grabs the guantlet, pulls robe snagged on a root and climbs and slides at an up angle toward William, Buckey, Spear, Kirra, Jan and Minst.

William sees Myst climbing a steep incline of the long and tall dirt ramp. He looks up.

Bright sunshines above. The bright beams blurr the edged of the surface above.

The dirt ramp raises to the surface top stretching two dragon lengths away.

He slows climb and lets Buckey and Spear pass. He lowers shoulder and helps Buckey climb.

Buckey whinneys and digs hooves into the dirt knocking loose rocks and kicking up dirt.

A spray of dirt peppers Spears' face.

He pushes against Buckey's rump and the dead hobgoblin leaders stapped to back. ,,The leader," Spear says between breaths, "Let cut it loose."

,,THE ARMOR," Grunts william. He pushes.

,,We can take it off." Spear looks around and down.

The small groups of goblins lead by a hobgoblin jog toward the base of the dirt ramp.

"We have time," says Spear.

William looks back to the base then to the tip. He nods.

Spear pulls out knife from sheath.

,,NO," hollers Kirra. She skips and jumps and scrambles from above to Buckey's side. She looks back at Spear and William. "The body of the leader could be helpful." She looks  up the incline and then to Buckey.

Buckey whinnesy, blusters and snorts and kicks over rockes and the side of an exposed trunk. HOoves kick deep and sink into mud and dirt then jump up and and up.

Rocks roll and dirt fly.

Jan climbs with hands and feet up and up. 

Minst walks over a pile of rock and bolder. ,,A slide." He says while looking back. "We can create a slide."

,,HOW," says Kirra.

Minst shrugs. 

Goblins and hobgoblins rush the base of the dirt ramp.

Myst walks with William, Buckey, Spear, Kirra, Jan and Minst.

She lifts the dead goblin's leader guantlet. ,,This." She slips. 

William reach and grabs her bicep. The guantlet falls from hand.

Myst grabs the gauntlet and stands and climbs. "This fell from the sky."

,,The guantlet." William looks at the hand of the goblins leader.

The guantlet once on its hand missing. 

Spear grabs and tugs and William, shouts, ,,NO TIME!"

They climb. Dirt sprays. Rock falls. Tree limb and roots break. Hands, hooves and feet dig and kick up.

Goblins scramble and crawl up. Hobgoblins pushing goblins up to the bright light above.

William, Spear and Kirra pushing Buckey over the edge to the surface. Jan, Minst and Myst pulls and push to the trees and plants spread wide and thick around the deep hole.

The bright light dims to a sun and colors and sounds. Humidity and heat flows around the compoanings. 

Minst falls to a sit and leans over looking through sack breathing deeps. 

Buckey lets out a whiney. Jan steps to the edge and looks down.

Hobgoblins and goblins climb toward them. 

Kirra and Spear peer through the mess of trees, vines and leaves packed dense aroound the hole.

Myst crawls to a sit then rolls to back and stares past the tree tops. She tosses the guantlet to Williams feet.

The bright sun shines through the cloudless blue skies.

Myst inhales then slowly exhales. ,,Now where?"

William stares that the sky, the goblins climbing to the surface then through the forest. ,,North."





