
The bards meet in bar playing darts. They talk of lies and other people stories. The older bard is winning money from the want-to-be.

The beginning bard asks the obvious more experience bard help on a quest for money and for th ebeginning bard to gain respect from his family for no longer wanting to be a Cavalier or a Paladin. 

Carlos has a magical pouch that hold his hand drums, the instrument of a true bard claims Carlos for it helps a true bard pace the world to the bard's beat.



Carlos and William talk about getting a bard name for William that is discussed through the book. 

William talks about the smalll shield and its magic to protect from even a dragons swipe of a thunder bolt. And that it shields the speakers mind from people reading it or knowing what is true and false. It can also turn the use invisible.



------------------------




The Small Shield will be the Adventure of Carlos the Barded Dwarf highered by a human named William who was a warrior, but wants to be a bard and has paid to go to bard collage. The warrior William is from a wealthy family. To gain respect, he  is gathering a group to help him get back a stolen small shield he claims stolen by another wealthy family centries ago. The small shield posses magical power of protection, but is stored in a vault under a mansion in a crypt of a magic wild and dead area. The William highers Carlos the Barded Dwarf  and convinces a priest of magic to come along. And, foolishly, a wizard William save from bandits, so William can learn a long the way about magic even if going to a magic wild and dead area. Carlos, the barded dwarf is after the shield, but this is not revealed until the very end. After Carlos, the Barded Dwarf reveals that he is aware that the William want-to-be bard is just making up the adventure of the small shield to steal stories and magic spells in a manision and crypt owned by the family of the want-to be-bard. This after the lich kills the priest and It ends with William saying ,,Where's the small shield?'' after Carlos disappears. ...The wizard is an illusion of the bard as are the bandits that will be saved by Carlos (the experienced bard) and William the experienced warrior. William doesn't want to be a Cavaler or Paladin because he doesn't have the honor and is sort of an outcaste of the family. He thinks the small shield will give him the shielding he will need for lies.  




From Bar To Road

Along street we walk.
With the drum beat.
Our tales the talk.
Roads become of streets.
Over hills of flocks.
Trees and shadows meet.
Darkness is light's lock.
Tales the mind keeps.
Laughter then steel shock.
Bandits to defeat.



I have decided that William will have a bought bag of space that is far bigger than Carlos, who has a smaller bag of space. I want to show that size doesn't matter and position in life, it is the life's journey and person that fills the bag with interesting things. I think the bard will store everything to live in it and neat little magical items. The training bard can't store much because it's carry too much useless stuff. It's full of everything that is nothing needed to put on a show.



-------------------------------------------




William points  knife tip to a small shield strapped to forearm, ,,You don't use a shield."

Carlos raises his short sword. ,,It's call a parry, William."

,,A parry is good," says William, "But..."

,,But?," Carlos stops walking. He puts a hand before Sparky. "A parry."

Spark stops and flares his nose and snorts. The pots and pans rattle and clank. 

Carlos steps to William. Carlos taps on William's shield with tip of short sword. ,,You are a bard now. No more swinging a sword and raising a shield all the time."       

William pushes Carlos's short sword away with shield, ,,You have your way." Willaim pulls the rains his horse and walks down the raod, "I have mine."

,,Indeed you do."

Carlos and Sparky walk with William and Penny. 

Carlos pulls out a flute and blows a few notes then looks through the saft, pulls out a rag from a saddle bag strapped over Sparkey then begins to cleant the flute.

The quartet listen to their own foot steps scrap across the pebble covered raod. 






,,Do you use that thing," says William point to Carlos's harquebus.

,,This." Carlos pulls the harquebus from belt strap. "Only when I need a loud noise to scare away a bear or some ogers." 

,,There aren't 

Carlos puts the harquebus  away, ,,You ask a lot of questions."

William looks at Carlos and bats eyes, ,,It's a bard's job to aske questions," Carls sits upstriaght, "How, how else can a bard learn to tell a tale?"

,,Watch." says Carlos. Carlos smiles lifting the bottom of his beard, "But." He pivots head up and down, "But question do help with the details of the tale."






,,Gun powder." says Carlos, "this is mine power."

,,Mine powder. Gun power," says Shake. "They're both used unnatrually." Shake twist left corner of lip to smirk, "You Dwarves can't remember all the disasters the unnatural mine powder has caused." Shake takes a sip of ale, ,,I've heard of the Mirthral Cavein. I know how many died." Shake nods to Carlos, ,,More than  any harqubus can in one shot. Even a cannon."
 
Carlos peers at Shake. He takes a swig of ale and swishes it around mouth then swallow. ,,Youre point is made." Carlos slide harquebus between belt and waist. "




I believe Carlos will love the cantrip and the illusion and has masterd all. The will be a spell that allows a caster to displace the origination of the spell like a lighting bolt  or a flame spary that usually shoot from the caster would instead shoot from some area with in sight of the caster. Also Carlos castes a spell that will hid the casting of minor spells. It will silence the words or create and illusion to hide moving hands. If too much movement is required then this will not work. This is a duration spell.

I think there will be a speed addict. I think Spear will be speed addict and will be asking mage to caste him speed or give him speed powder. It is the reason that he and the bandits attacked the mage for speed. The illusion that always follows Carlos as a decoy because mages are always attacked and can be easily defeated if a low experienced mage.


<From_Bar_To_Road>



,,If you such a good bard then why didn't you know I was going to lose to you in darts to get your precoius time to convince the great," William rasies his voice and says loud with  flat tone, ,,Carlos the  Barded Dwarf." William fake strums on an air sytar."

Carlos looks at William, ,,Next time you want to try to con  me into giving you time to convince me help you get a small shield, try to remember your name is at the top of thelast two dart tournamets." Carlos sings an a soft deep voice like the beginning of a song, "William the " Carlos laughs to self shaking beard braids, "Next time don't play so bad. Or act so drunk."

,,Then you want to help me," say William.

,,No," says Carlos,  "I want your money you owe me." Carlos pivots head, "I would have still won the game." Carlos smiles. "I am better than you at darts." 

,,Are your darts magical?"

Carlos scowls brow and peers at William, ,,Are you calling me a cheat?"

,,You are a Bard," says William.

,,Cheating is lying," Carlos pulls out a banjo, "Bards don't lie."

,,Becaause truth make a better story." says William.

,,That's correct." says Carlos.

,,Do you have magical darts?"

Carlos softly nods head, ,,I do." Carlor tune the bango. "And if I would 'a hit that dart board with  them it would have split in half."

,,Isn't magic cheating," says William

,,You as a lot of questions."

,,I figure I could get my monies worth for the gold."

"Are you paying me?" says Carlos. Carlos strikes the strings of the sytar. Carlos sings, "If you create the magic it isn't cheating."

William laughs, ,,I suppose I never heard a song about darts by Carlos the Barded Dwarf."

,,Which song is your favorite spell," says Carlos.

I thought of the beginning or a conversation of how Carlos knows he was sort of conned into giving more time to walk with  Carlos on the road by wanting to lose and not knowing how good Carlos is and playing really bad. Carlos never plays darts as good as he can. He never shows all his skill for it is not needed. Carlos never plays darts well. I think that William will mention that Carlos the Barded Dwarf was a dart thrower.




---


The inn will be a place William knows for he has been staying there a couple of nights aweek. The owner is some one William has known. ...The town layoout will be spread. It think for the walk to the road they will walk through it. The bandits will be waiting near the outside of town. The town needs to be shown as a travellers town. People coming and going. The wagons and caravans hitched. People camps outside on edge of towns camping over fires. People starring at William and Carlos as they pass. William's house will be on the old part of town closet to the canyon. Old because all the stores near his house is closed for the only road used is the road through the center of town and not the road to the canyon. In fact, the property is the very last property in town. 



---

Lamp lights flicker and dance. Light poles line the wooden sidwalks on either side of the street. People lean against poles with heads slumped. A group surrounds another kneeling on the wooden side walk tossking dice A cheer erupts. A woman calls out, ,,QUIET!" from a window above. The window above shuts. The people around dice laugh and point. 

Carlos pushes  William. 

William stumbles down steps. He turn and raises a fist, ,,Fat wart faced fool." He back peddles down steps. "I'll." William falls to road.

People standing at door and by lamp posts laugh slap each other and point to William scrambling for a stand.

A shadow castes from the light in the doorway. 

Carlos turns then side steps a down swing from the ogre. 

The ogre snotts. Snot flies. 

People walk to doors of Inns and bars. Room windows open and people look on.

Carlos pulls hammer from sash. Then slams the tip up the edge of the sword sinking sword into the wooden step. Carlos swings hammer up and hits the pig nose of the orge.

The orge snotts, squeals and stumble back knocking down a tall thin human with the  dagger and short sword.

Carlos steps back to William, grabs him and pulls him up. ,,STAND." Carlos pushes William, "MOVE." 

William stumbles. ,,I'm fine." William raises his short for sheath. 

,,Horse," says Carlos, "Where's your horse."

William shakes the shove of Carlos off, jerks his arm, puts fingers in mouth and whistles. He twirls light a wobble top around Carlos and raises shield blocking two daggers.

Carlos ducks under the shield and slams hamer into the knee of the skinny tall human. "HORSE."

William lowers shield and steps past. 

Carlos grabs William and pulls, ,,We go."

Four people push people back from the door of tavern. Each four pull daggers and swords form hip and back sheaths. 

,,THERE'S ONLY SIX!" hollars Willaim.

,,Eight," stresses Carlos.  

The four swordsmen steop around Ogre and over the weeping tall and skinny man. 

A drunk leaning against light pole lifts mug and hollars, ,,IT'S ABOUT TIME THE CONSTABLE SHOWS."

A white horse gallops between the line of people collecting oon road and hits a sword weilder to ground and stands before William.

,,BUCKEY!" hallors William. he reaches and grabs Wiliams leather collar and pulls up.

Carlos pulls off Williams hand, ,,He mount. I'll follow." 

A lighting bolt slams into ground between bucky and three swinging sword men.

Carlos grabs stirup, staddle and lifts and swings over the back of Buckey. ,,Go."

Willaim snaps reighs, ,,GO BUCKEY."

Buckey kicks and gallops from a swinging sword, another lightening bolt and a crowd spreading. Buckey sides steps and around people stepping back a path along the street.

Windows illuminate. A person shouts, ,,QUIET!"

Lantern lights hang from hands of shop keepers stepping form dark stores to the wooden walk walk.

Dirt kicks up from horse hooves. 

Six men run from the crowd holding swords tips above heard.

,,TURN," yells Carlos.

William softly tugs on the left reign. 

Bucky kicks and gallops left kicks up from horse hooves. 

Six men run from the crowd holding swords tips above heard. Two raise cross bows.

,,TURN," yells Carlos.

William softly tugs on the left reign.

Bucky kicks and gallops left. between a dim street of street poles and oil lamps

The wooden side walk becomes dirt. Steel and stone shops and a livery line the road. 

A lightiing bolt streaks behind along the tangent street. 

The dim lamps caste their final light. The liver fence and field spread. Pine trees and oak grow along side of street. Wooden and stone houses recess into the forest. Gates and fenselines block dirt paths from road. 

Behind the interection becomes a crowd of people standing behind a line of six people holding swords high over head and shouting.  A man wearing a red rob and holding a staff steps before the group of six. 

,,Wizard," mutters Carlos. He slaps William on the back, "DON'T SLOW."

Bucky gallops on.

Bucky slows from a gallop to a trot to a walk.

William eases up on the reigns and rubs Buckey's mane, ,,Good boy, Good boy."

Carlos swings a leg over Buckey's back and slides down rump to road. He looks back and peers along the trail. He walks  back  along the street.

,,Carlos," says William.

,,Shhhh," Carlos holds up an arm. He kneels and lowers hear to the ground then stands and walk back to the horse, "No galloping horses." He pats Buckey's rump, "Good boy, Buckey. Save our hides." 

William smiles and nods head, swallows, sways and slides from the saddle, kneels and pukes. 

Carlos pats William on the head, "Good boy, William. Good boy, William." Carlos reaches into sack and pulls out a waterskin, "Here."

Willaim clears throat and spits. He wipes mouth with sleeve of tunic. He stands and drinks from the waterskin, swish water and spits it out. ,,Thank you."

Carlos peers down the dark road, ,,Thank you," He looks back down the road travel. "We should walk and you drink."

,,Where?" says William. 

Carlos takes the water skin and cleans the tip with sash, drinks, swallows, ,,I had a camp up the road. Should still be open."

William grabs Buckey's reigns and walks with Carlos. ..My house." Willaim limpy points along the road. " There's a slit up here that will get us to my house."

,,When can we rest," says William.

Carlos smiles, ,,When we get to your house."

Soft step of boot and hoof clomp with the hoot of owls shake of brush. A cool breeze blows long the road pulling back Carloses beard. Stars shine bright through the night. A twinkle glows. 

William walks with head low. His feet drag over. He limply lifts waterskin and empties drips into mouth and burps and swallows. 

Carlos reaches open sack hanging from hip, reaches in the sack and pulls our a strip of salted pork fat. ,,Here," Carlos says raising the beef jerky to Willaim. "You need something to eat. Looks like you left your food back on the road."

William take salted pork fat, chews on tip.

They walk with short steps. The dirt road hard and wide. Trees tower the sides creating natural walls. The road turns and dips then splits. 

Carlos grins, ,,Tell us our path my young bard."

Williams feet shuffles and stop. He raises slouched head. He walks before Buckey and pulls the reigns right. ,,Right," says William. 

,,Right," Carlos widens steps. He reaaches between sash and  hip and raises a flute to lips the blows letting a soft whistle flow and float.

William rises a limp head, ,,Worried about bandits hearing."

Carlos wipes the mouth piece with sleeve, ,,Good bandits don't need my flute to find us. Bad bandits will fear my flute." 

They walk the road right. 

Soft whistle rise and lower with the breeze. The tree leaves and branch feel to flow with the soft melody piped through Carlos's flute. 

Carlos's fingers dance along the flutes shaft slowly shaking over one hole then another hole letting lose a sad tune that increases tempo and tone. Soft blowing becomes fast and light and chaotic like a butterfly fluttering in a breeze. The sound dances and surrounds.  

Williams steps widen. His head raises and eyes open. ,,That's  good." William looks at Carlos. He points back to a guitar strapped to the side of Buckey. "Know how to play?"

Carlos peers, ,,A Hammerstone." Carlos puts away flute and pulls guitar from the saddle, holds the guitar up to the star light and by William, "You're hanging a Hammerstone on your staddle like I won't see it and steal it."

,,Found it some keep," says William. He shurgs and looks forward. "Was told it supposed to do magic to my music, but so far it makes me as bad as the other guitars."

,,Have you noticed how you never need to tune it," says Carlos.

William nods.

"That's because it's magical." Carlos straps the guitar to the saddle back and walks with William.  

Carlos pulls a blanket from Buckey's back and wraps the  guitar with the blanket. He straps the straps around the guitar.

William bites the salted pork fat. William chews and swallow. He smacks tongue to mouth and drinks from the waterskin. ,,That's greasy and salty."

,,It is salted pork fat." Carlos slaps stomach. "The grease and salt will help calm."

William limply nods head and looks at Buckey, ,,I want to try to ride. Home's too far a walk."

Carlos shrugs and pets Buckey. ,,Buckey is it." 

Buckey looks back at Carlos then forward. 

Carlos looks over Buckey, ,,She's a fine horse."

,,She is," says William. His head lifts up and he looks forward. "And she can carry both." William looks at Buckey's head. He rubs under her chin and whispers, "Can you take us home, Buckey?"

Buckey's head nods. Buckey lets out a snort, clomps hooves.

,,Are you able to let Buckey take you home."

William grabs, lifts, and swings over saddle. He settles in saddle and hold stomach. ,,The walk and water and fat helped." William looks down at Carlos. "Thank you."

Carlos grabs strap then saddle and pulls leg over the rump of Buckey. He says with a smile, ,,Get me my winnings, and that will be thanks enough," and soft laugh, he holds on to the saddle.

William rubs the mane of Buckey, ,,Ready to run."

Buckey nods, stomps hoofs and runs with a gallop.

Buckey gallos along the rock road. Trees become a wall blurr. Dirt dust and mud splash kicked from hoove. 

Carlos's body jerks with saddle. Fingers grip saddle's rim. Legs softly bounce with rise and fall and rise of Buckey's ear.

Hooves strike and pull against the dirt and rock road. Small puffs of dust leaves a trail behind. 

They gallop through the night.

Fire spreads from around the bend then fades to night. 

William snaps reigns three times. 

Buckey stops. 

,,Fireball," says Carlos. He swings foot of saddle and pulls hammar from sash. 

Buckey clomps feet upon ground and exhales a snort starring at the bend.

Carlos runs along the tree line to the bend. Then stops.




</From_Bar_To_Road>
