Carlos the Barded Dwarf disappears from the center stage of the Water Hole as William slams his war hammer upon him.

The warror hammer breaks the stages, and Carlos's voice says, ,,BULLSEYE! Young William Westmore the Hero and Founder of Westmore Valley.''

People push through two double doorways into people piling outside the Water Hole. A couple people run from the bleechers clearing the large room. The doors to the Wane close. To large guards pushe people through the other one. All run from the pound of Myst drum frightened by the sound and the quick death of the two large guards laying dead by William and the two large guards laying dead by Kirra.

Kirra hears the voice come from her wane. As Carlo's voice is spoke, Kirra fires three arrow into the rafters.

Thee arrows shot between bars.

,,WHAO!'' says Carlo's voice. ''You have gotten to be a find shot, Kirra the Cunning. Ranger of Rangers. Warriors of Warriors and one of the most celebrated gladators of the empire.''

Myst tube her drum and shouts.

All the doors and windows shutter through the room shut with a slam and drum thump. Myst shouts, ,,BE SEEN.'' Her shout echoes.

The rafters near where Kirra shot, shimmers and bends then stanps strights and a blurr leaps from the rafters.

William lifts the war hammer from the broken boards of stage and peers and follows the blurr. ,,Carlos the Barded Dwarf,'' William says. ''Can't be living if I beat you dead.''

,,DEAD!'' shouts Carlos. ''Why do you want me dead?'' 

Kirra first three shots at the shimmer blur.

The shimmering blue dives behind a bleechers. One arrow sticks into the shimmering clearn blob mass as it.

Blood stains the floor. Flood drips dot a trail from the floor to the bleeches to a sihlouette behind the bleechers. 

Carlos shouts, ,,You have become a mighty warriors where once I could have thrown three darts and killed three of you.'' Carlos stands behind the bleechers. ''You have stopped the army to go across the desert. You hare a hero amoungst the goblins empire and the human empire.''

,,Heros,'' says Kirra. ''Goblin heroes.''

,,Yes,'' smiles Carlos. ''You know how many resources, lives  and laws have been destroyed going across the desert to kill or convert the humans to Bin. Only the Chaos of Bin would want this. No one else.'' his sihlouette looks to drinks something while saying. ''Even the Law of Bin wants this to end.''

As Carlos drinks and silences ihis talk, Guile follows the sihlouttee. Carlos' voice repeate in Guile's mind. <Why you want, want. Why want me dead? Why you want want want want wnat me dead. Dead. Dead...<

Myst says, ,,The resource is the faith.''
 
,,Yes.'' Carlos's soothings deep gruff voice like a bear at an opera. ''Any you have helped the survivors and the land by helping destory the avatar of choas. You are no longer weak.''

Willams says, ,,We are alive while many deads.''

,,Every one dies!'' sahs Carlos. ''But only a few become saviors remember in poems and plays.''

,,You talk and talk and talk,'' says Kirra.

,,Because you need to be hear about, Kirra.'' Carlos says with smile that is felt as joy by all. ''You got me in the arm, Kirra.''

Kirra notches arrow. ,,I got you in the chest.'' She aims arrow between the seat bleechers. ''I get the head.''

She fires arrrow.

Carlos ducks. 

Glass shatters.

The arrow shouts above Carlos's ducking head. 

Carlos chuckles. ,,You only have a few arrows left. And then maybe we can talk.''

,,Talk,'' says William. He steps from stage, war hammar in hand.

,,What would you like me to say,'' says Carlos. 

<What you say, what you say, you say, you say,> repeats in Guile's mind. He shouts. His mind spreads pain through body like his spine is being twisted. The shout glasps into Carlos's mind. Guile hears a song whistleing in his mind as Guile feels a cool spread through Carlos's body. 

Carlos's body feels pain in shoulder cool and calm. Carlos sits on the ground and whistles quick and says, ,,Why are so angry at me young warriors now heroes with might that many only wish they could have.''

Carlos's whistle begins to swirl and pierce the minds of Guile, Kirra, William and Myst.

Guile loses thought. Kirra's body tenses. Myst shout. William walks on.

William lets Spear's

Myst's shouts quiets Carlos's whistle.

Carlos claps. ,,Good, Myst. You have become the most powerful priest of Reighn. And you William a paladin of your own right with a mind and body of a warrior.''

Carlos lays on side and disappears.

William stands.

Kirra holds bow and arrow peering thorugh the bleechers.

Myst silences hum.

Guile blinks and sees before him.

Carlos says, ,,YOu want to talk. We talk. You want to kill me. We fight. What do you want, pack? You had me raped.''

,,Raped?'' says Carlos. ''I had you alive. After what Shake did it his drugged mind.'' His voice calm and the boisturous tone deepens. ''Sentor Ring had you raped.''

Williams stares.

,,For that I am sorry,'' says Carlos. ''But think of all the people you have stopped being raped because you helped stop this war.''

,,Why,'' says William. ''Why are we here? Why are you here? Why have you lied to us and brough us across the world for nothing?''

,,Nothing,'' says Carlos the Barded Dwarf. ''This is something. You were brought for something.''

William steps to the end of the bleechers. ,,That's not answer enough.''

Kirra aims arrow at Carlos. ,,Just kill it. Myst talk with dead.''

Guile feels head thump as Carlos's whistle echoes from mind.

Myst's song of Rieghn humming her sight. She sees through song Carlos walking away from Kirra and William. She sings, ,,Carlos walks. And he talks.'' She whistles.

Kirra sees Carlos to her Wax and aims arrow at him. She fires arrow.

Williams steps and sprints around the back of bleechers and follows the flight over the arrow around the curve behind the bleechers.

The arrow flighs between the bleechers and cuts Carlos's shoulder.

Carlos says, ,,Myst found me again. Myst, you have become quiet the priest. There are many who have taken the Star of Reighn as their symbol becaus of you.''

Kirra aims another arrow to her Wax. 

Wiliams slows sprint to a to a stands, holds Spear's War Hammer and says, ,,You will not hide from me, Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

,,Oh no?'' Carlos says. ''Do you think I am here at the bar by accident? Do you believe Runtik happened to run here? Who do you think hired Runtik?''

,,Why us?'' says Guile. He sniffs snots and walks to the bleechers and sits.

William says whie Guile speaks, ,,I can't think against the rage I feel.

,,Oh no?'' Carlos says. ''Do you think I am here at the bar by accident?'' He step before Willaim and way from the bleechers keeping his body behnd a large bleecher post and from the aim of Kirra's arrow.

William grips the war hammer and cleches his fist. The star of Reighn on back burns. The drums of Myst pound in his mind. ,,Accident or no accident, we are here.''

Carlos steps toward wall and tosses dart. ,,You would have died in that town. All of you. The goblin army would have come at once and you would have pledged to fight for the militia. You would have been killed and burned like the rest.''

Myst says, ,,We're alive, Carlos.''

And Guile's head throbs as he sits on stage. 

William raieses and shakes his still fist. ,,Why shouldn't we kill you?''

Carlos smiles. ,,Because you want to know why.'' He grabs dart. ''Because you want to hear your story told through the ages as the one who tool the teleport disk to the top of Goblins Tower, so Carlos the Barded Dwarf and the Black Dragon Rillien could teleport to the guantlet deep in the under cit of the Lich of Bin...''

William glares. 

Myst's song of Reighn begins to sing with tones like angles welcoming one to heavan. 

Guile's throbing of head sooths as he hears Carlos's voice.

Kirra's sore muscles burn as she aims the arrow between the seats and past the pole into Carlos's throat.

Carlos continues to speak.

,,Because you will want to hear the 57 battles in the Dome and Bowl of Gnosmidy.'' Carlos leans agains the standstone brick wall.

Willam peers. ,,I want to tell the story of bashing in your skull.'' His star of Reighn burns as Myst's song for Rieghns Fortress sings deeps.

The song sings around the wide room pressing closed the doors and shutters.

The pounds on the doors and shutters begin to add a bass beat for the song of Reighn.

Myst sings. ,,Our sancutary will remain. Until we have time to sustain. Our justice we maintain. And we get beyond here this day.''

,,Carlos won't make it through the night,'' says Kirra as she peers along the arrow shaft at Carlos leaning against the wall.

Guile says after Kirra speaks, ,,Was I chosen?''

Carlos stares at William. ,,Not by me.''

,,Why us?'' says William. He steps one step toward Carlos.

Carlos grins and his big cheeks puff and beards widesn. ,,You had a local history I knew that would get you into what is now Westmore Canyon on the offical Empire map.'' He tosses dart and catches it without taking stare from William. ''You had the might and prowness and a bit naive.'' He stares with William and nods to his Wax at the bleechers toward Myst. ''You had powerful friends. And I knew how to pull Minst and Kirra and Jan into your quest once I met them.''

William says, ,,You lied to use.'' He steps forward. ''You don't know our faite. You don't know if we would have fough the goblin army.''

,,Shake wouldn't fight goblin army,'' says Guile ashe stares through the rafters. ''Killed Shake for own good.''

,,Bucky, Jan, Spear...'' William inhales and exhales while staring. ''You killed them. You created their fate.''

Kirra shoots arrow at Carlos's throat, and Carlos leans chest back as arrow flies between the bleachers seat and by the bleacher post and hit off the sandstone bricks

,,No,'' says Carlos. ''They created their own fate. And Jan's not dead. She's one with the trees and the animals and the land. She is Yellow.'' 

Kirra loads and aims another bow and Carlos. ,,Lies.''

Carlos stands behind the piller and stares at William. ,,And Jan is alive. She didn't die. Jan is now a druid on the region from Goblin City to Lyno after the Druid Yellow was killed by the goblins empire.''

,,And Dante,'' says Myst.

,,Dead,'' says Carlos, ''But for nothing I have done. Dante and his warriors fought to hold the canyon, but they have failed.''

,,And my clan,'' says Guile.

Carlos holds the dart and tosses the dart. ,,They have signed a treaty with the empire for trade. In fact, the ware dwarves of the mountain now have equal rights because of their negotations with the Lawful part of the Binites.''

,,Shake and Buckey?''

,,A drug addict and a horse,'' says Carlos.

William raises his hammer.

Myst feels the change in the song and says, ,,William, stop.''

The burning stare of Rieghn stings pain.

''You have your sigh,'' says Myst.

William holds arm and hammer cocked back.

Carlos says, ,,You should let me live to continue to sing the many tails of your triumphs and write of many of you adventures. You didn't kill the Lich avatar, but you helped kill it. And it is destroyed.''

Guile says, ,,How many where there?''

Carlis says,

Myst says, ,,Who has the small shield?''

,,I do,'' says Carlos. ''I appeared with the Allog the Black Dragon, leap to the ground and grabbed the small shield with the shatter phylactery.''

William says, ,,Some one destroyed the phylactery so soon after getting the guantlet was taken by Guile?''

Guile sniffs and says, ,,How,'' He coughs pleghm and sits and spits. ''How many guantlets?''

,,Two,'' says Carlos. ''One was kept by the black dragon. And the other has been in the carverns under the sand sea to the moutains to the Helix and the undercity ofChaos.'' 

,,A decoy,'' says Guile rubbing his throbing head. 

,,A fool,'' says William.

Kirra fires her bow and shoots and arrow. 

Arrow fires between bleacher seats by the post. Arrow hits the sand stone wall and richoettes hitting and cutting Carlos's nose.

Carlos winces. ,,Good shot, Kirra.''

Kirra grabs two arrows and holds bow and steps.

Carlos leans against sand stone wall staring at William. ,,The pack was not a decoy. The pack, everymember of the pack, are heroes.''

William stares. His Star of Reighn cools.

Kirra stands and peers between the bleacher seats at Carlos.

Myst hums and holds the door with song that vibrate deep and low below sound. The virbation spane the wood and sooth the bodies.

Kirra stands with bow in one hand two arrows held by other hand. She aim peers at Carlos.

Carlos says, ,,There are two seperate movements of Reighn spreading through Gnomsidy. There are now, more follows of Reighn than Tune.''

,,And Bin is the ruling God,'' says William. He peers. ''How do we know it won't come back and where is the other guantlets.''

,,If you cared about amount of whorshipers, which a god may or may not need to know about or care or want. But for a faith of you.'' Carlos smiles. ''More is better.'
'
,,More songs,'' says Guile. He clears throat and spits. ''Gods are not your will. It's their will.'' He looksa thte spit and snot on ground set on wood floor. ''How deep below does this go?''

,,Deep,'' says Carlos. ''The Water Hole water is deep below and a tunnel leads into the sand sea to sand stone caves for escape or entrance.''

,,The hidden door?'' syas Guile.

,,On the stage,'' says Carlos.

,,Leave through side doors,'' says Kirra.

,,What stories,'' says William. ''Your stolen stories and words. Shake's words. Can't be good if thought bad.''

Guile spits, ,,Words I spoke,'' says Giule. ''Before met Shake. Said it all the time. All the thinking of people of me how I think.'' Guile laughs. His head shakes pain. He squits. He feels his hearth beat.

Guile's Heart Dagger Throbs.

Carlos says loud, ,,INSPIRATION FOR ALL!'' He glancess at Kirra and winks and flips dart end over end.

Carlos's voice sooths Guile's mind, ''You stories are written and told and each town from Oasis to Lyno to the now Town of Westmore.'' Carlos points tip of arrow at chest. ''It was named by me.''

,,And rape,'' says William. ''Will you tell the story of how I was raped and scared?''

Carlos shrugs, ,,I would to further stories that will insire people to believe and follow the path of Reighn.''

William sneers and peers, ,,And you had me raped?

,,I didn't,'' says Carlos. ''Lovetik and the Senator had your raped for control. I won't do business with them?''

,,Where are they?'' says William. 

Carlos smiles. ,,Well, we'll have to talk about that and not fight.''

,,And Minst,'' sings Myst.

Carlos catches dart and squints one eyes and peers the other at Myst. ,,Minst is a shadow soldier for Lovetik. In fact, Minst is the shadow solder for Lovetik. He was the frist shadow soldier to fly through shadaws and the night across the prime plane in an instant.''

,,How many others?'' says Guiles. ''How man teams of people?''

,,Sixteen,'' says Carlos. ''But your team actually had one of the two real Gloves of Bin.''

William clenches steel fist. ,,Marked with Bin.''

,,And Reighn,'' says Carlos. 

William grabs the scar across neck. ,,And myself.''

,,A story to tell for the future and save the present from chaos. The clenching of the fist to act.''says Carlos as he raises the right hand in clenches the dart.

,,How many people have you killed with this?'' William peers. ''With your lies and mis guided adventures?''

Carlos flipe dart. ,,I have killed know one,'' says Carlos. ''Fate and adventure killed them!''

,,LIES!'' William

,,WILLIAM!'' shouts Myst as William shouts and throws Spear Rose Warrior Hammer.

William throws the Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer.

Carlos ducks and falls to ground. 

Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer hits. Stand stone brick explodes. Dust sprays. I hole in wall appears. 

A chant of, ,,CARLOS! CARLOS! CARLOS!!!'' sounds through hole.

Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer appears in William's hand.

Guile stares at the hammer and grabs his heart dagger. ,,A Rose Warrior.''

Carlos laughs. He stands, and pebbles and dust fall from his shoulders. ,,Good throw.'' He brushes pants looking at William. ''I see you have become a Rose Warrior.''

,,Not good enough,'' says Willam. ''I won't miss the second time.''

,,Maybe,'' says Carlos. ''But I know those of the 16 gave their lives for peace with the goblins empire to spread through the land.''

Hands shove through the hols in wall and begin pulling bricks from wall.

William says, ,,And now our fate has been decided by you, what do you expect us to do?''

Carlos smiles. He stretches neck and grabs dart,  says, ,,You can fight, flee or find a new destiny.''





