Guile lays on bed and watches through the glass walls Love and the soldier sihlouettes walk away. He clutches his Heart Dagger and feels the warm pulse beat with his heart.Love's purr purr from spins and skull leavig a hollow inside that thought begin to feel.

Guile mind shouts, >WHO WANTS TO PLAY!<

The shout spans from his mind.

Guile creates an open space of white as mind site. He sees the shout span the a sphere ripple through the light.

The site ripple sphere spreads. Black spots appear and echo clicks and clacks and mumbles.

Guile pulls the shout from a sphere to an oval to a line to a few mumbles of surface talk to a surrounding chatter of clicks and clacks of the dark mind thoughts.

The sit funnels a focus from a dark dot to the center of the bright.

Thought rambles through and to Guile.

<...What time is? What time do we have the next fight is there enough time. Is there enough time? Is this clean enough? It's time. Where's the food. Where's the food...>

Guile opens the mental should and feels a mumble echo through thoughts and focuses on the surface talk mumble.<...And if you see the along...And if you see the light shine long. And if you see light shone for the lone and be gone...And...And. No. ...If you see the light shine
 long...> sees the thought like a song.
 
Guile bursts the mental bubble. The pops sprays thoughts at Guile like a rush of surface talk in the Hive mind. The voices changes after the pause.. >|Fight was good fight was fun. ...I need to remember. I need to remember. Help Zankin. Help Zankin. ...How do I get out. How is this beyond for all that. ...WHERE. I lost...<

Guile implodes the explosing thought bubble and pulls in the thoughts of a squeeky voice.

The squeaky voice thinks, <Zankin's needs the knife. The knife. Sharpen the knife for Zankin. Maybe he will notice. Notice as I was. ...Will he be here. Will he come 
see me. Where is that cream. The cream. I need to hide the smell. What's->

A door pounds, and the thought silendes. 

Light shines in Guile's mind.

A fist pounds on door.

Guile opens eyes.

A stout sihloutted stands beyond the glass door of Guile's room.

Guile outines the sihlouette with sight and forms a site with light in mind. He sees the dark head of the being grow and consume.

Guile ears clicks and clacks echo. Images of streaming meat on a plate shift and swirl to red. RAGE BURNS THROUGH GUILE.

A pound shakes the glass door. 

Clicks and clacks clack and click from beyond the door as a thunk booms into Guile's room.

Guile's muscles tense. His thigh cramp. He falls to floor and kicks around a circle. He kicks the wall, clenches teeth..

The door knocks. Clicks and clacks rap with a pound. 

,,OPEN!'' shouts a group voice.

,,I!'' shouts Guile through clenched teeth. ''OPEN!'' He pulls leg straight. 

The swing and slams open. The glass door thonks and vibrates.

A dwarm with bread braiding around cheeks over ears with a brad in top. His big eyes peer under thick eye brow and eye btows. Wrinkles form on brow as he peers. The dwarf clicks and clacks. 

Guile stretch leg and wimpers and the taut muscles sooths and relaxes. Gule says, ,,Joolkin. Grabin.''

The dwarf steps his thick big poots into the room. A smeell of sweat and dirt wafe and settle around the dwarf. He pust his hands in the waist pockets of. ,,Speak that trash. Click or clack. Speak common. Don't need to hear that Set slang of under dwarvish.'' He leand down and peers at Guile. ''You part dwarf. See it in brow.'' He stands up right. He sniffs. ''Gotta stand up if you work.''

Guile stares and blinks. He sits agaist the wall and sniffs. ,,Work.'''

Dwarf hands bursts from pocksts and raise ,,WORK!''

,,Work,'' says Guile.

,,All you can say,'' says the dwarf. He peers with one eye. 

,,No,'' says Guile.

,,Can say no, too.'' the dwarf shrugs. ''Well, you'll need to say yes. And my name.''

Guile stares. His body feels tired. His head throb. Energy to sit is used to open eyelids. Guile tries to shout or hone a thought to see into teh dwaf's thoughts, but feels pain.

The pain thumps mind.

,,GUILE,'' shouts the dwarf.

Guile jerks and raises hands.

the dwarf steps back. ''That's your name right.''

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

,,My name is Ritten,'' says Ritten as he nods head. ''I'm manager of the gray workers living area. I take you around. I hear you problems with where you live.'

,,You know dwarvish?'' says Guile.

Ritten contorts face. ,,Dwarvish? That underground mumble. Not if you're from Tyranium. Not all dwarves live in the ground. Speark same language.''

Guile says, ,,You a prisnor. A slave.''

,,Slave!'' says Ritten. His mouth and beards smiles. ''Not at the amount I get paid.'' He steps back into hall then back into room.

A row gray workers walk past.

Ritten says, ''Worked my way from the pits of Tyranium. Got this job because a few owners got me this job. Know I do good.''

Giule nods. ,,You want me to work for you.''

,,WANT!'' says Ritten. ''You will.'' He steps back and into hall. ''I got you hired from LovteKitLkoi.'' He waves along the hall. ''Come with me. I give youa tour, uniforms and credit cube.''

Guiles sniffs, clears throat and nods. He stands, and a rush of euphoria sway body against the glass wall. His eyes flutter adn heads slumps. He feels heave. Stomach quivers.

,,You feel good,"' says Ritten.

Guile steps. He shrugs shoulders and nods head back. His ankle splint pain through leg.

Ritten steps from the door. ,,Got you a twitch.''

,,No,'' says Guile. He slow steps tout the door.

,,Well,'' says Ritten. ''Come along.''

Guile nods and breaths. He feels at itch in nose and rubs palm on nose. He steps after Ritten, yawns. His feet fall heavy.

,,Guile, is it?'' says Ritten..

Guile shrugs and nods head back.

Ritten stesp aling the hall and Guile follows.

Ritten says, ,,We walk down Hall five six. Fifth level below ground. The sixth hall on this level. There are ten halls this level. A few of the halls connect to the spireal stairs that go up and down.''

The step to the stairs.

''All things that go down lead to the yard and the common. It's 10 below. Big. Food. And it's where the stoves and the steam ar eheating. The kitchens are on one belopw the ground.'' Ritten looks back at Guile.

Giule picks nose and wipes a few sweat drops from bridge of nose.

Ritten steps down the steps. ,,The stairs are stairs twenty. All stairs go up. Only stairs 20 through 50 go down from the grand entrance. ABove are more rooms for the grays . The two levels below the ground, the first two, are kitchen and wash. Steam comes from the steam room to heat the stoves for coooking and the water for cleaning the armor and buckets.'' Ritten looks back and winkds at Guile. ''You get use to that.

Guile limps down steps. His shoulders slump. His mouth breethes. He open's rope and rolls up sleeves. 

They step down.Ritten looks forward and side steps three being wearing gray whith head hung and bodies moving up.

Ritten says, ''Below is where you go when you are not sleeping or working. You can go outside, but woulnd't ware the gray uniform. People treat you different when they see you as a gray. Wear what you're wearing now.'' He glance back. ''In fact. Maybe want to change before we go down. Can't trust many people here. Not that we are all thieves, but poor want to be rich like the warriors. Grays don't get much credit.

Two grays pass.

Wood smoke smells. 

Guile sneeze. His nose burns.

''Below is the dinner and recreation room. There's a small gym that no one uses. Some say it is left over from the first gladiator fights that happened here. They wer illegal back then. Now, everyone loves the pits. We got some of the best of the kingdon. The dome and bowl of Tyranium is bigger, prettier, but not many go there are here. No as many other fighters. Got to do with the expanding kingdom. All these warriors waiting around to be transported across the desert.''

They walk past doors spanning to halls. Grays walk up. Two hold buckets.

The talk of Ritten continues. ''Below is the dinning area, recreation and lounge. You go their when not working. You go there to clean clotsh. you go there for food.'' He steps and looks back. ''No food in your room. Only water. That comes from the tap on the top. I will show you how things work when we get back.'' He looks foward and leads. 

More grays walk the stairs as they stare at the staires.

Heavy humidity hangs and spreads.They part the humidity like wall.

Sweat gathers on Guiles' nose. 

A tink of hammer paces Guile's step.

''Your keeper must have some money to get you a room near the top.'' He stesp from the stairs and into an open room that spans as wide and long. ''Wants to spend it to get you good and started.

Guile clears throat, swallows spit. He wipes sweat from forehead.

Murmurs and clicks and clacks spread with the tink of hammar.

Smoke streams float through dim golding light glowing from hovering balls. 

The room spans three Guile's hight and many guiles wide and deep. Behind a glass wall rises and flows Wax to Wane to dim darkness and sihloueets of walking people. The floor spans flat under pillars, rugs wood slates, tables and chairs. Illunsions walks around the center showing a hugoblins soldiers and a woodlean elf fighting as if they are floatin in air. Workers in gray sit on rugs and lay on pillows and watch. Plates with bread crusts and bones rest by greasy fingers.

Fumes of farts and fried bread hand.

The floor spands to other illusions and benches with people sitting and eating along benches. 

Gray workers sits and star 

The darkness hides the walls beyond the illusions adn tables.

''Grays area,'' says Ritten. ''Free food is taken from the trash shoot and piles in the center. Furnace shoot is in the center too.'' He looks at Guile. ''If you work the furnance then you'll know.''

Guile wipes forehead of sweat.

''It's hot.,'' says Ritten. He stesp from the pillar and stare toward the illusion of warriors fighing above the ground. 

Gray robes clap and cheer. One says, ,,Ritten.'' Many look at Ritten and nod.

Ritten steps and stands near a chair facing the illusion.

''Fights from above. The fighters.'' Ritten steps from the illusion and waves. ''You come.''

Guile sniffs and wipe forehead. 

The human warrior wearing red armor swing at a hugoblins. The axe hist the hugoblin's naked arm and bounces off like hitting armor.

''Guile!'' says Ritten.

Guile rubs nose with finger and steps after Ritten.

Ritten walks toward more dim golden light and through strams and clouds of smoke.

''The illusions show are caste here. There's betting around, but be careful of the betting. All these fights are fixed. Some believe that minds are read. No here. All these grays are here for a reason. The ones here are here to relax eat. Eat or work.''

The walk by the benches with a few grays sitting and eating from spoons and bowls.

''This is where the workers relax.'' He glances back at Guile with a grin and steps past another illussion of people dancing around people and carts and booths. ''The tables are for eating, game playing. There are couches over the far end enar the furnaces. More lights. But humid.'' Ritten wipes forehead with a gray towel. ''There are ladies.'' He glances back to Guile. ''Or men.'' He looks forward and steps along isle between tables. ''Believe you don't make enough credit to get the youg boys if that's your thing.''Guile yawns and opens eyes wide. He lifts head and tries straighten back. His body feels heavy with sleep and itchy from sweat. Sweat spreads between skin rolls and f
olds of rope, Branching armor covering body.

His body feels to walk with the stiff branching armor. The rolled up sleeves and ankles pulls tight.

''The food is service during the light. During dark you can find food above in the market square.'' Ritten glances at Guile. ''YOu are free to go outside.'' He looks forward and says loud. '' Uniless I'm told other wise. Not every one wants to leave. Don't have the money to not wear the gray suit or just want to work to earn the credit.'Rittem leads for the rows of tables to round tables and rectagle tables. The rond tables are surrounded with gray suits holding cards before small cubes. A person with cap and a deck of cards stands in the center of the tables. One player raises hands on puts down two cards. The deal taps a small cub agains the small cube before the person siting with cards then the person with deck. The deck holder deals two cards to two table and takes the two cars from the player into the deck. The deck hol der shuffles the deck.

Gulie watches and hears as Ritten talks and leads. ''Cards and dice for those like to game. Where near the center. Feel that heat and see that glow,'' Ritten raises h
and.

Guile looks by the rectangle table and sees a orange glow between pillars and sihlouette of walls of dark. 

''The furnace. The wall of dark are dividers for the sex. Want sex go there. Food is straight ahead. Alot of the food for above is prepared hear and ooked. Some just prepared. Good money in the food. Best to work you way up. Start cleanin dishes. Thinking of cleaning. The cloths, the dishes and thing you need to clean are over off the furnaces. The lights will be seen.''

Golden globes glow around pillars. Empty space and tables span. One person looks at a book open on distant table. Rugs cover growned. 

Guile yawns. The stiff branching amror feels to guid Guile's steps and stride after Ritten.

''And the globes shines through the time. All the time. Place here is open, but closed during the dark. You can get food from the square and bring it hear to heat, but best clean and put away the dishes. Cooks and cleaners going to hate you once they know you make a mess. You're a gray suit. that is the way to be. Come this way and you will see the kitchen for you. Gray Suits Dinning hall.

Guile wipes foreheard. He sends a mental shout and stumbles.

A chair moves and scrapes.

Only the glolden globe glows.

Ritten looks back. ,,YOu tired. WE can go back.''

Guile yawns, shakes head. ,,When sleep?''

,,We go back now.'' He stands. ''Thought I'd show you around before you work. dn't know when there will be time again. Got work myself. Other's are coming in next cycle.''

Guile nods. ,,We go know.'' He wipes forehead and stares at Ritten.

Ritten sneers and shrugs. ,,You in a hurry now.''

Giule stands and sweats.

Ritten looks back and steps. ,,Lets get this done with.'' Ritten's voice flows to a mono tone talk that paces with his leading walk by open spaces between pillers.

Rugs cover the ground.

A few plush cushing chairs rest here and there.

Ritten's monotone goes quiet a few steps then begins as the mumble of surface talk talking enmass sounds. ''Watch you back. Dark and dim areas are places for one to be found beaten. A few dead. Keep that cube of yours safe, but no mater kee yourself safe. It's mostely safe, but it only takes one pshyco to be crazy enough to attack. There are guards around the dinning room, the teleport visions and games. Over by the furnices there is a black box and sleeping quarters for guards. Most the owners have a guard or two down here to see things. Won't be able to know the guards from the workers. The owners put the guards down here to watch over the food, the water and the fighters. Too paranoid. And don't think I know who they are or willing to tell.'' He looks back at Gi9uld. ''All I know is you are a guards. Or maybe not. ...''

The murmur become lots of talk. Clicks of glass and tap of metal on glass chime. 

Light shines from many globes boving along the long tables. 

Grays sit and eat piles of food from glass trays. Steak and eggs rest on piles of potatoes and rice. Fingers and hands pile the food in mouth. Bits of food fall from mouth during talk.

The talk clicks and clack and yaps to a done. 

Pople walk around with trays from the tables.

Ritten follows.

Food is over there, where the people are lined around the poles. Beyond the people are lines of food. Slide tray along and get food.''

Guile stands, says, ,,Hungry.''

Ritten blows from mouth and scratches cheek. ,,Food's here. It's open through the light and dark. Less here during the dark, between the cycles of work.'' He steps between teh tables. ''Lines too long for me to wait now.'' He steps.

Guile follows.

Fumes of portfat, sage, potatoes, sage, salts and beef blow. Sizziling onion saute flow.

Ritten talks. ''Food's cheaper down here. Most of it is left overs from the food served above. Get lots of cut potatoes served through here. The morning time is when they got the newest food. Near the zenith of the dark won't be much left over,but soggy seaweed and stiff root. Come here early after the light shines and you will get no line and fresh food. A selection. But if you work...''

They walk past tables full of eating being in stained, clean, cut gray body suits.  

A line of grays shuff with trays by waist high tubes with a hole at the top. 

The people grab plates and trays and dump food bits and peels into the holes then stacke the plates and trays on a rack.

''Clean-up after yourself. A few around here are the messy ones, and they don't last long. Get people angered to see another make a mess of this space. Seen one person get beat back there in the near dark because he refused to dump his food away.'' Ritten look back. ''Empty food and wipe away the bits on table even if you use theroebs.'' Rittten points bak toward the faint orange glow. ''Near the furnaces are the clean gray robes and shoots for the dirty robes. Your cube will be used to give created for the return gray robe. Your created will be used to gt another.'' He looks a back. ''You have your cube?''

Guile puts hands in the pockets of robe of right, stumbls, drips sweats.

A few gray suits glanes at Guile. Two peers and look over.

Ritten says, ,,Hold that close. Others here will.''

Guile grabs the cube and pulls it from pocke and pinches it with finger behind Ritten.

Without looking, Ritten says, ,,Put is away, tie it to your write. Don't lose it. Too much magic there to be replaced twice. Too much easy a magic to corrupt. It's your money. Credit matters here.'' He glances back. ''Credit matters anywhere. Maybe not to the Set. Humans and the like to the Set use the gold.'' He glances back as he stands in a crowd. ''They resist the changes. The rulers.''

People crowd and shuffles steps toward a door way in a wide pillar.

Guile wipes forhead and sneeze. The snot spays at Ritten.

''You won't get much with that,'' says Ritten wiping. He turns back to Guile. ''Just hear me from before. You see all these people relay upon each other. All of us have a job. And we do that job make sure each don't work more for the other.''

Guile sniffs and shuffles into the jostling crowd. 

Click and clacks and yaps talk and talk talk making it difficult for Guile to hear Ritten

Guile yawns.

Ritten talks. ,,These stairs only go up. We are at the bottom of this path with only up to go. We can go down, but only on the utility stairs and the sew access portals. But you don't want to go down in the holes because it only leads to stink and sickness. Smell things. But if that is you job. That is your job. You'll get use to it. Maybe see the fields and filters of water I heard som much above. Heard there ways to leave and enter the city through the waste tunnels. There's some well some where that moves the water around. Sure some one around here has worked there.'' Ritten steps into the doorway. ''You can ask around.'' He steps up steps slowling with the lines of people going up.

Fumes of sweat and farts hang. Smoke fumes from bodies.

People jostle up the spiral step. I few clicka nd clack. Other's talk mumbled surface talk. 

''This is stairs 3. It leads to to the main entrace to the area above. When we get above, I will show you how to get to and from the areans, the concessins and the rest room. There's warrriors waiting, but that's a place for warriors and only the workers. Good word, too. Find a place working in Warriors Waiting you can find you self tipped with armor and weapon.'' He glances back. ''Got knives and swords from the dead.'' He look forward. ''Not as nice as that one you have, but enough to trade for credit. Sure you master knows what is needed. I'll show you through.''  

Guile steps with Ritten. He holds the hilt of headt dagger. He shakes head and opens eyes wide. 

People pushes and sway with their walk up the steps. Gray suits walk in groups and alone through a few door wasy opening to hallways.

The hallwasy span through hall lite with golden glowing balls overing over doors. 

Sihlouettes mover through the walls. 

Guile and Ritten walk up until only a few other gray suits walk with them. They walk past a wide doo leading to the main entrance. They walk past a bloodied warrior wearing black and red armor and a sneer. 

The warrior sneers at Guile, nudges eblow against Guile's shoulder.

Guile stumbles agasinst the wall and step with Ritten.

Ritten says loud, ,,Above and around is a different place than below. Here, you are worth nothing.'' He glances back afew times. ''No matter what job you have, even if it is Warriors Waiting, you need to be aware of who you talk with or at. No one wants their warrior disstracted or upset becuase you were nice, mean, didn't get them somthing. Unless you are a talker or prepare. Then, weli. If that where you then...Ritten steps a few more steps to an arch way. ''This ends here.''

Perfumes of mint and sage fume through the room. Low talk and laughter play with harps and coins.

Nake warriors stand in poses in the center of people wearing white robes and tan leather pants and vests. Gold lace hang from furrled collars. People clap as a nakedid twirles two short swords  and banges two shields to gether.

Others nods at a halfing flipping and tumbling around a a sitting circle of brown and black clothed beings.

Ritten steps from the pillare near another pillar a few steps away. ,,We walk this way. All grays walk this way. Keep out of sight. It's a serive stairs. None of these people walk it. We do.'' Ritten steps at the threshold of the doorway into the pillar of spiral stairs. ''Don't get the idea to walk the middle pillars. You are not important enough. Piss off other owners including the ones that brough you here.''

Ritten releases stare and steps up the stairs.

A few gray robes quickle step down stairs and through the doorway and over the bright span of rug covered floors and groups admiring naked warriors.

,,There are thirty levels to the top. The building rise quiet high. The main dome consumes ten levels. It's massive wide and just above warriors waititng. The doem and bowl is not as wide as the one in Talllerin Rise, but no many are.''

The stand at a door.

Through the door way opens to halls with walls covered with hides and fur. Golden globes illuminate to passages until there is darkenss. 

A few gray robes walks from onse hallway to another. 

Ritten raises an arm. ,,The hall of these stairs lead to service doors for the grays. These halls lean to rooms and halls. The rooms are private. Usually for court ship. Or other related pre and post game fights.'' Ritten steps up the stairs.

An elf wearing gray runs along the hall towar

Ritten steps and pulls Guile back from the elf's path. ,,We don't need to get in a worker's away.'' He steps toward the pillars. ''We walk the stairs.'' He steps to doorway.

Guile stands and watches two naked hunched hugoblins pulling a chain chained to a it.

''It's best you learn not to stare,'' says Ritten.

One naked hugoblins pulls on the chain. The other hugoblins laughs.

The chained id stands.

,,Giule!'' says Ritten.

Guile looks to the entrance to spiral stairs in pillar and Ritten.

Ritten steps behind two giant gray hugobilns lifting a large pot.

Guile yawns and watches feet walk. He follows the sound of Ritten's voice as they climb stairs.

Sweat drips on stairs. 

Ritten says, ,,Drink lots of water. It only gets hotter in the stairs. The gray stairs. Walk these stairs. And these stairs only. If you are working with another the walk the other stairs. you will learn where and how you can go. The next few floors are the same. Rooms with beds and hot tubes. Don't need to know much about those rules unless you work there. But you people don't know that yet because you're talking to me. They usually try to get me first, show you around. Get you an idea of everything outside job. You'll meet the rooms master when we get back. He will tell you all the rules you need to live. After that you probalby talk to your boss. Find your work.'' He glance back with stepup stairs. ''You will want to let me know the job once you know. Can help you find your way if needed.'' He looks forward and points to door.

Dorr opens to darkness and dim golden glows illuminating beds, bathes and sihlouetted becoming ones and grousp.

A gray robe steps down steps.

Guile stretches neck and yawns.

,,Maybe you won't talk to the boss today. Schedule's is probably easier let know what to do and where. Maybe you can sleep. Your boss will know. I don't know. I know on my schedule I got two more to take aorund this place and three to remov.'' He glances back to Guile. ''You need sleep.'' He looks foward. ''I need sleep. We all need sleep.'' Ritten yawns.

A line of grays holding white bags over shoulder step down.

Fumes of sweat, fried fat, mint part and swirl. Fumes of ale and wine stain fermant.

Ritten shakes head and yawn from mouth. ''Down the next halls are security and Warriors waiting. These stairs go past warrios waiting and lead to the service entrace for the kitchens, washrooms and storage of the grays. You will get to know the Warriors Waiting if you work there. Know why they don't want there. Less traffic the better. The stairs we have been climbin are what I can show you to get you up and down.'' He lifts arm and points to an illuminated hall. 

The hall spands to a wooden door. Tapestries hang alogn walls and fram wooden doors. A few wooden doors hang open.  ''Serivce hall. This is the first for these stairs. Get you to the gray areas.'' Ritten walks along the hall.

Two doors span Wax and Wane and one before.

Guile steps into a puddle. 

Ale fumes.

Ritten pushes open a door. 

Murmur of click and clakcs close. Mumbles of surface talk chat.

Boxes stack along long hall wall. A rat runs from one box to another. A gray sheet lefts a box and walks through a distant exit from hall the steps back itno hall grabbing another box. 

One shouts. ,,GET ONE.'' 

Ritten says, ,,Food and ale booths. All long. Both halls bend. Away.

Three gray hobgoblins run into all and toward Guile. 

Thunk of click and clacks tap their pace along. 

Ritten steps back into the hall and toward stairs. ,,You want to get out of the way. Don't be known as the gray that gets in the way.''

Guile files Ritten step up the spiral stairs. The other doors in the service hall leads to other doors and shops around the parameter. It is the back access to the shopes, so the people can enter through the halls and walk around the walks that circle the domes. It helps keep the grays out of the way or harm to the customors. It's a big money making business controlled by the Guilds and owned by the owners of the warriors. The city gets it tax cut. Everyone is happy. All these people you see work for the fights.'' Ritten pulls the knot of braided beard tied over head.

Giule wipes face.

Sour of rotten root hovers.

Guile sneezes, and stomach convulses.

''Keep thing clean and free flowing. Don't want some one hating you. That means keep to the side. We walk on the Wane side and let pass on the Wax.''

Guile clears throad and stretches neck. He tries to lift head, but finds comfort in watching to steps rise with feet.

He says, ,,You don't as many questions. Are you sure you want to work here? Most can quit and go. you don't look like a slave, so if you work here, you got work. No easy jobs.'' Ritten glances at Guile.

Guile wipes sweaty forehead with sleeves. 

Ritten huffs and snorts, climbs the spiral stairs.

Gray robes steps down. A couple run past clicking a steady pace.

Gray robes holding pots run down steps.

They walk to heat and smoke haze through spiral stairs.

Spiral stairs walk to an inter secuon of three wide glass halls. ONe hall to their Rise and to the Wane and Wax.

Through the glass are bluee shapes of colors adn sihloueetes through glass. Smears and browns stains cover walls and floors. Gray robes sit and lay by the wide hall walls. A few stand walk off. Heads hang and feet drag.

Ritten steps from stairs and snorts.

Guile mouth breathes and takes a knee, leans against the walls.

Ritten steps against the hall wall. ,,You work here, you better get use to the climb.''Guile nods, breaths, snorts, sneeezes.

''Theses halls connect all the service stairs. The lead around the parameter of the the cube.''

The walk along halls with black wall glowing golden from the light shining from hovering globes.

Ritten taps agains teh black wall that hits like glass. ''Hall goes near the balcony that surrounds the top of rim of the building.'' He points up.
A hole rise from the ceiling. Dim light shines from the hole.

''Service tunnel entrance. Controlls the air. Helps cycle the water. Music some times plays from the tunnel.'' Ritten glances at Guile. ''Music sounds good. Makes me tired and want to sleep. Doesn't come often. figure they got to stop the water and fans or what ever blows the warm hair. Had a friend whose job was to wrap himself in wool and crawl around the tunneles and down the small shalft to clean it of smoke. Black thick smears over all this glass...''

The walk past a row of ten human sitting agains the wall and staring at a doorway shot by wooden door.

Golden globes over near the top of the hall and glow.

''If you get to work the gearas and the ropes then you might got through these doors. Soem server paths come through here to get to the bleechers and the booths. Booths you got to be in the know of someone because no one going to just let you into the booths.'' He glances back. ''Maybe you special.

Guile yawns.

Ritten yawns.  ''Probably not. That's why you where gray. Only ones that get respect here are the bosses, but even they where grays. I suppose the spies are important, but who know about spies adn anyone can be one, so I maybe just the bosees are important.'' He glances back, looks forward. ''You look tired. Why you here so quick? Got word. Come along. We will walk half this. God down the other side. These two stair cases are the stair cases yhou will use most no matter where you work. They're safe. You can pump people or smell funny and no one will much care. People hate the grays. Take the gray off, and you will see people are nicer. They smile when looking at you.'' He glances back and smiles. Then looks woard.

Guile lets head hang his throbing head. Head beats it like a drum.

A door opens with a bang.

Two grays brust from door way. A hugoblins taller than Guile pushes a hobgoblin that is as tall as Guile. The hobogoblin falls and clicks and clacks. The hgoblins kicks the hobgoblins in the face adn clicks and clacks.

The click and clacks drum over Guile's mind.

guile sstands and stares at the hobgoblins on the ground.

The hugoblins steps to Guile and prousts chest.

Ritten clicks and clacks. He snaps fingers, steps and smiles.

The hugoblins stesp from guile and clicks and clacks.

Ritten clicks and clicks and steps big chest to the hugoblins waits, looks up and sneers.

They stare.

The hugoblins steps back, grabs the hoboblin by the leg and drags the hogbolins into the door way.

Beyond the door way,

Ritten stare as at the door as the door closes. ''You want to learn to talk Goblins Speak.'' He looks a Guile. ''Not much spoke across the desert, but the warriors, wizards and slaves. And some villages. But even the villages have been speaking the talk. Some call it common. All I speak.'' He step along all and around some boxes. ''What..'' He looks at boxes adn glances back. ''Don't be doing this no matter where you work.'' He looks foward adn steps along.

Gule follows.

Ritten says, ,,This a mess. I once cleaned use hall like this. But in Tranlidon. It was clean. There was more respect there. Here.'' He looks back the forward. ''Here no one cares. Most these people use to be slaves or work too hard to care. These walls and floors shouldn't be this dark.

A glowing floating light flickers. Another hangs lower than the rest.

Ritten house walks and breathes. ,,Any questions.'' He looks back. ''You're quiet.''

Guile snorts. ,,Tired.''

,,We'll be back soon.'' he looks foward. I'll take you back down the A stiars then back to hall five six down 20.''

Guile nods, sniffs, walks with head watching feet. He wipes foreehad and licks parched lips.

They walk to a cornor another long hall. A grays stand in a circle and smoke from a pipe. Other grays stack bags against the wall near an open door. And the floor spans with dirt, peels and pieces of fabric litter the hall. Dark balls of light hang on the corner. 

Two shaddterd globes spread over the floor.

The dark hall walks and walks by grays, doors and boxes. 

Ritten hums and walks with hands bechond ack. He glances back and pulls on the knot of berra ontop of head.

Guile shuffles feet, kicks a finger from a guanttle, trips over a box, sneers at some goblins eating from an open sack of root at the far end of the hall near another corner that turns to the Wane.

Shit and piss fumes. 

Guile's feet squish small pies of shit.

Ritten kick the bag.

The goblins scatter. Some run around the corner. Other's runs to a dark spot a stone through away. The rest run in circles and into the other.

Ritten smiles. ,,Stupid goblins.'' He looks at Guile. ''That's why you don't leave things laying around.'' He swighs. ''And wipes forehead of sweat. ''Best tell the secition worker.'' He looks at a goblins.

The goblins claws at the back throw root over body.

Ritten steps and walks along the hall. ,,These things eat anything and shit everywhere. Then comes the modls and the slimes. Had nasty infestation of slime a few cycles ago. Molds caused a lot of colds. Lot of sickness.'' He glance back to guile. ''You get sick easy.''

Guile lifts head and glares at Ritten, sniffs.

,,Fine,'' says Ritten. ''Don't talk.''

They walk down the hall to the spiral stairs.

they walk past a few shatter globeles, boxes and grays sheets. The walk through a back of goblins and through the doorway to the spiral stairs down.

They follow a long group of gray sheets carrying stained white sacks over shoulders.

The walk by doorwas and a few halls.

The walk from the spiral stair pillar to the staircase twenty Guile first walked down.

,,You know where we're at?'' says Ritten stepping down the stairs.

Guile shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

Ritten huffs, ,,Guile was it?'' He glance back the looks foward with step down. ''Guile. You going to find it's a good rule to follow to talk and get to know of the people here. Every body here no matter how powerful needs some help and people are more willing to help a fellow gray sheet. Not everyone here is nice. No one follows the rules, but those who do survive and don't quit or run away find that getting know some people is needed.''

Guile sniff and snorts and steps.

Ritten looks back, the forwoard then leads Guile down the stairs, through a hall, to Guile's room.

Guiles steps into his room. He grabs a his bag and dumps his bag onto the floor.

Ritten, standing by the door frame, watches as a carrafe hits the ground. ,,I am off. It was nice meeting you.'' He looks at Guile.

Guile grabs his carrafe and drinks wine. He looksat Ritten, shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

Ritten's eye cross as he steps away. He huffs and walks off.

Guile swallows wipes mouth and steps to hall. ,,Water. Can you bring me water?''

Ritten laughs. ,,YOu can walk down the stairs to the Gray Common area. While you're there you may look for some friends.'' He smiles and walks away says loud. ''YOU WILL NEED THEM!'' 

Guile stands and stares. He drinks wine and sits on his bed mat.

Ritten walks the hall, shouts. ,,BE NICE. AND THEY BE NICE TO YOU.'' He lifts arms, but doesn't look back as the side steps a gray sheet stepping from room to hall. ''EVERY ONE WORKS!''

Guile stairs. He rubs nose with finger and clears throat, swallows mucus and wine. He looks behind. He steps into room, shuts door, lays on bed, closes eyes.

Golden lights shine light the dark under Guile's eyelids.

Guile inales and feels his sore leg and head. He exhales away the pain. Mind floats in body and body lays as heart bumps and pumps and slows with the float through light diming to dark. He feels his heart beat through body.

The beat sooths the throb in head. The beat spreads cool flow through the throb.

Mind spreads the darkness and light then sees beyond.

Heart pumps fast through hand, heart, head.

BANG!

,,YOU WAKE!'' shouts a rough deeps voice that quiets with a few clicck and clacks.

Guile opens eyes, pulls out heart dagger from sheath.

A hugoblins as tall and wide as Spear wearing leather pants and sleeve shirt. A silver chained shirt links from wait to neck to eblows. Two daggers are strappbe to thigh and a long sword scabbard hangsom from hip. His big gloved fists clench. The hugoblin's big black eyes open wide showing the white of the center.

,,YOu wake-up because I am giong to only tell you the rules of the grays once.''

Guile lowers the dagger and situps up. He rubs eyes and yawns.

The hugoblins stares. The white pupils narrow. His lips, tongue and teeth click and clack. The hugoblin points at Guile. The hugoblin says, ,,You call me,'' The hugoblin clicks, ''Yik TO Rit Su Le.''

Guile says, ''Yiikctoritsule.''

Yik TO Rit Su Le,'' clicks the Yik TO Rit Su Le. ''If you speak then you say YikTORitSuLe.''

,,Youcluitisule,'' mumble Guile.

YikTORitSuLe  click laughs and folds arms. ,,You are going to learn the talk. If you do not learn the talk then you will not work good with the grays.''

Guile stares. He sniffs. He yawns. 

,,You don't yawn.'' YikTORitSuLe flexes folded arms. ''You listn.''

Guile flutters eyes and stretches. He sit up and lifts head and striaghtens neck.

YikTORitSuLe relaxes amrs and lets folded arms relaxes and hangs. ,,We have three rules. You have three rules. You will work here if you follow the three rules. If you do not follow the three rules you will lose your job and if you break all the rules you can lose your life.'' He stares at Guile.

Guile yawns. The yawn spreads from mouth to throat through head, neck, body. Guile slumps head, closes eyes, flows through dark.

,,YOU WAKE!'' shouts YikTORitSuLe, 

Guile opens eyes and jerks head up to see fists slam the wall on side of head.

''You understand gray,'' says YikTORitSuLe.

Guile stares.

''You are not going to last long unless you listen. YOu not last doead or alive.'' YikTORitSuLe snarls and pulls back his black lips and stands, peers down at Guile.

''YOu hear.''

Guile nods.

''You understands?''

Guile nods.

,,You have three rules while working for the Grays of the Dinar and in this buiding.'' YikTORitSuLe stares at Guile.

Guile nods.

,,Your rule one is,'' YikTORitSuLe points to self. ''YOu listen to me. I am...'' He points to Guile.  ''in control of the gray areas. I am the one who is responsible for the order and peach amongst the grays. If you have question of right or wrong.'' he tapes chest with finger. ''I will tell you what is write or wrong.'' He points at Guile. ''You will not make me lose my job because you can't get along with a gray for what ever reason.'' He stares at Guile. ''You will not make me look bad. And you master will not help you live if you have done something to get you killed. Your master will not get you your job if you lose it for incompentence. I don't care who your ruler thinks they are.'' He felxes arms and jar. ''I have worked as a gray and live as a gray. They will not cross us.'' He steps and peers. ''YOu understand?''

Guile stares.

,,DO! YOU! UNDERSTAND!''

Guile sniffs. ,,Yes.''

YikTORitSuLe looks, peers then huffs and smirks. ,,You do not, but you not knowing will only hurty you.

Guile sniffs.

YikTORitSuLe says, ,,Rule two. Rule two is to follow the code of the Writ of the Union of the Grays.'' His arm muscles ralaxe and amrs hang at siede.  He pionts. ''You listen to what I say. I say the Rite of the Gray's. It is rule tool of us.''

Guile wrinkles brow and smirks. ,,Code of Gray's. Rite of Grays.'' Guile sniffs.

YikTORitSuLe steps and lowers head to hover near Guile's face. Their noses nearly touch. Hot breath bows from YikTORitSuLe over Guile's face. ,,YOu were the colors. You will be unionized to work. You will hear here the rite as rules. He steps back and stands full heigh, three heads taller than Guile. ''We are the union of the grays. You are a gray. We work for you and you work for us. We do not work for them. We do not obey them. We listen to us. We obey us. We are the grays from light to night our colors are gray and between. We are workers from the sewer to the senate. We are the grays. Do not betray our gray. Even if you nly where the colors. A gray of grays will balance all. We are the grays. We are everwhere. We are everyone. We will work for the balance.''

Guile opens mind wide and stares. He peers to a sneers and holds back a smile. He yawns.

YikTORitSuLe says, ,,You may join the Gray Union. You will speak to me to become us. Or speak with Ritten or any other member. We are all leaders as we are all workers needing to be sure we.'' He flexes arms with strong words of, ''We rule and control for the grays,'' His muscles relaes as he talks on. ''We protect and watch out for all grays even of those grays are not of the gray union.''

Guile stares, blinks, opens eyes wide. 
 
YikTORitSuLe folds arms and stands, stares.

Guile lets eyelids lower to a squint. He leans back. Another yawn spread through mouth, throat, head body... Darkness is...

,,YOU WAKE TO LISTEN!'' says YikTORitSuLe. ''YOu want to hear, so when I snap your neck for breaking a rule then I will have the right because your Senator will not protect your. Your work boss can not help you. You will be might if you break the rules.'' He nods head with fixed stare at Guile. 

Guile clears throat and opens eyes wide. He tires to swallow the mucus cleared rom throat but coughs as YikTORitSuLe steps away.

Wine snot and spray flies from Guile's mouth. 

Guile coughs and coughs. 

YikTORitSuLe stares.

,,You,'' Guile swallows and breathes. ''You get me water? Can...'' Guile caughs up snot and muces and spits.

YikTORitSuLe flexes arms and points. ,,You will not last.''  He spits. ''You will only get that from me.'' He steps back and turns.

Guile breathes and calms. ,,What...'' He wipes mouth with the sleeve of robe. ''What is rule three.''

YikTORitSuLe stops step and looks back. ,,You do not need to worry about the third rule. The last rule only applies to those who read minds or caste spells.'' He pivots with turn of head. ''You appear too weak to be much arm.'' He glances down. ''You are of the Senator, who it has been said can crush a mind, but you...You appear weak.'' He steps from room. ''We may not want you.''

,,If caste a spell,'' says Guile.    

YikTORitSuLe says loud to loud as he walks away. ,,You die.''

,,What do I do know?'' says Guile.

,,YOU WAIT!'' shout YikTORitSuLe.

,,I DO NOT WAIT!'' shout Guile.

A click clack laughters snaps along the hall.

Guile stands, slams door shut. 

The door bangs, and Guile lays on the bed's thin cotton covered over glass rectangle.

Guile feels body to float and mind drift toward flashing colors then every where. Free of the body, the mind pulls from the room into the spread objects that span...

>|Guile, you wake,< sees a mental voice.

Guile tires to think and focus on the words, but the float away...

>|Guile, you wake.< sees the same mental voice. 

The voice is deep and slow then fast and high pitched as the words talk. >|Guile, you wake to learn then you sleep to work.<

<Sleep,> think Guile. And Guile floats. 

BANG flash spreads and shakes Guile's head.

Guile rolls and falls to ground. He swings dagger with a swipe. 

A sihlouettes stand in door way.

Giule peers and blinks.

The sihlouette forms features.

A hugoblins standing a head taller than Guile's height. Thick lips smile at Guile and spread to show pionted canines. Short black hair cropped above the shoulders hangs straight shouldrs. An oval symentical face brings balance to the thump in Guile's head. Arms rise like a cross letting the gray body suit hang around the arms. >You remember me, Guile?<

Guile squints. The world focuses. Guile sees, says, ,,Flare.''

Flare sees to Guile's mind, >I am your boss. I am your team mate.<


