,,You sleep in the is room with this beast,'' says John of the Goblinkin. He points Jewelled Dagger tip around the room. ''You eat. You live. You fight.''

The tan hide hanging from entrance to floor rolls open. Shadow soldiers flow to corners of room. 

Senater Ring steps from bright light to dime light. ,,You may rest and sit. You need to heal for the next fight to rise away from here and be where you may?''

Two wearing gray robes walk behind Senatro Ring. One steps toward Spear. One steps and stands by William, Kirra and Myst.

,,Where is Minst?'' says Myst.

Senator Ring looks at Wiliama and stares at all. 

The shadow soldiers manifest around the Kirra, Myst and William.

Kirra shuffles feet through the edge of the nest wedging foot. She crouches and stares at the gray robes and shadow warriors. Hand grabs a clumb of Spear's nest.

Spear lays in the next and lays still as the gray rob pust hand in leg.

,,Don't you,'' William steps toward Spear. 

Shadow soldiers shift and slide before William and the gray robed being. 

,,Your Minst is alive,'' says Senator Ring.

William stops. The small pack stares at Senator Ring.

Spear liifts head and licks from paw.

,,Minst is alive,'' says Myst.

,,Spear is,'' says William. 

,,It is Spear,'' says John of the Goblinkin.

Senator Ring looks at John. 

John nods and walks the hall.

Senator Ring Folds his yellow rob and raise a ring ocverd finger. ,,Your Minst as been chosen for training.'' He lowers hand and steps near William and looks at Myst and spreads arms. ''Minst is beyond my control once a being falls down the hole in the center.'' 

William looking at Spear says, ,,Minst was killed by you. And Spear turned into an animal.''

Senator Ring smiles and the smell of mildew spreads, ,,You give me more power than I have for I am no wizard to change a man from human to a human rat. And Minst life was beyond mine to save forever after you and you and you,'' says Senator Ring with a look at each. ''And Spear and  Minst burned a hotel, murdered city people, blow up a road and warned the trolls to attack John's troll patrol. You are of the rumor as those who destroyed the tower in Set Canyon To waterdown.'' 

Senator Ring softy chuckles. ''You are alive. Minst may live. You be happy for life.'' Senator Ring looks at all. ''I pay more for you than I pay for any warrior.''

William says, ,,Those other warriors do not have what we possed or posses. I am the one with the guantlet. And the armor needs to fit me.''

Senator Ring grabs William's guantlet covered hand. ,,You are blessed by Reighn to be alive.''

Myst hears a soft tone in her mind she thinks of her hum.

Kirra stands with handfuls of Spear's nest and classes at a woman hugoblin walking with curves of breats and butt.

The curved hugoblin walks with tight pants, a blouse and an ascot.


William and Kirra look at the hugoblins walking her curves into the room.

Myst strikes her drum. ,,Where's Minst?''

,,YesSenator Ring pulls the bag from William's guantlet hand while staring with William. His words sooth. ,,Minst is becoming a Shadow Soldier of his own choosing.''

,,His own choosing?'' says Myst.

Senator Ring says, ,,Your guantlet fist hits and cracks glass. You will be killed.'' Senator Ring steps back while facing all, ''Your magical gifts that are you rise you higher than your experiences.''

,,Sing to your master the truth of my words 

,,Where's Minst?'' says Myst with a rumble from thraot. 

Senator Ring says, ,,You Minst wanted to live and wanted to further serve by becoming a Shadow Soldier.''

William grips his guantlet fist.

The song of Myst of Rieghn Sing a high note of truth.

The hugoblins with curves strapped with leather walks hips and breats to Spear. She kneels on knees slow and sweat as sugar sent feels to taste on tongue.

Myst glances from Senator Ring to the curved being.

Senator Ring says, ''You hit fist aginst glass andbreak glass the gnomes will break you.''

William looks from guantlet to curves to Senator Ring. ,,And if I break you.''

Senator Rings says, ,,Minst will die. You will die. All will die.'' Senator Ring says, ''You must live. You dead makes me no money or fame and power. Spear hear has been able attract quiet the crowd. The profits from his bets alone have provide his freedom.''

Myst steps between the shadow soldiers. ,,How long has Spear been in this state?''

,,Your friend has not shifted from this state since the time we left you below.'' Senator ring looks around the room.

The soldiers steps, nod and walk through the hall to hide door from room.

A few shadow soldiers shimmer andshift and flow from room. 

,,You rest heal. You may roam the halls until you may not,'' say Senator Ring.

Kirra steps to the hall and after the soldiers through the hall.

Senator Ring says and turns head with Kirra. ,,You will be told where you can go, and You may want to listen.'' Senator Ring sees his thoughts to all the mind. 

All feel and know all see the same thoughts as if talking in surface talk speak to their minds. >We are watching you for that is what we do.< 

Senator Ring laughs and soft deep laugh that settles through minds.

The curved leathter strapped hugoblin holds her butt to the side and seems to swing hips slight as she stands. She nods at Senator Ring.

,,You see Love here need not speech,'' say Senator Ring. ''Love likes to speak to your mind. You will listen to Love if you wish to live.''

,,What of John of the Goblinkin? Will his filth be spread upon us?'' says William. He closes his fist.

,,John is leaving. Love is a new master for you,'' says Senator Ring. ''She will heal you, feed you and find one to please you if you want to be pleased.'' Senator Ring looks at William and winks. ''You may like the feel of your steel guantlet for you will get no feel from a caste priest of Rieghn.'' Senator Ring feels the glare of Myst as Myst steps to Love.

Love rubs and creates a purr with her lips as the vibrate a voice enters all their minds with a purring surface talk. >I see your mind.<

,,Get out of my head, witch,'' says William. 

,,You have all of us in your mind,'' says Senator Ring. He steps. ''You have good fight.''

,,What about freedom,'' says William.

Myst steps and kneels by Love and places hands on Spear.

Kirra pushes aside a soldiers and the hide door and into the hall.

The hide door sways and light castes around the sway lighting the way to Senator Roin. ,,You are now gladiators.''

Senator Ring says, ,,YOu are gladiators. You are our gladiators.'' He steps along all. Twos Shadow soliders fall in step. 

Love purrs.

Rage in William stirs and calms and sooths. His guantlet fist becomea an open hand. 

Shadow soldiers slip thorugh the darkness.

,,What of light,'' says William. 

A ball of light shines from the corner of room near William.

The light castes around the room.

The room is as enough for William to lay head to foot three times in both directions. If William reaches and stands on tips of toes then jumps, his hand will touch the ceiling. The ceiling is black like night as are the walls. The floor is covered.

The floor bits pile to a corner nest around Spear.

The nest rises to the eight of William's ankles and circles around Spear with a rim as wide as William's forearms. Straw, wool, dirt, cotton, rug bits and hide piece twist and weave around and tall. A fume of wet dirt and fur rise and spread.

William sneezes. 

,,May Reighn complete the song,'' says Myst and she kneels near Spear.

Spear lays in nest and licks Love's dark green hands that rub andflest through Spear's skin.

Love purrs like a cat and blows through lips.

Spear's breath slows and head lays on the next. One black eye look back at Willam.

William steps behind Love and looks down at her cruved body. ,,What are you?'' says William. He sees the part of breaths her slick slender finger push through Spear's fur.

>I am your trainer,< sees Love to their minds.

Kirra walks the hall. She feels the Shadow  Solhes in the shadows caste from chests and stone seats. A glass table with glass stools sculpeted from ground. She feels staresf rom the darkness through the skinny halls like the ones to Spear's Nest. She watches a soldiers try to act sleeping and grip hilt of short word as Kirra walks past.

Wiffs of sage and sweat rot. Musk like honey fumes heave over nose and skin. Alcohol fumes from the wool warming feel. 

The air hangs stagnant. 

Two soldiers stand before a hall two steps wide the flows form Kirra's Wane.

The shuffle and raise shields of wood and swords of steel. Their tattered red and black armor hangs from small bodies.

Kirra steps between the soldiers and aling the hall. Light shines between the soldiers and into the hall. 

The hall's glass floor spans with glass wall and ceileing. Lights shine from wall casting way the shadows. 

Beings wearing black tight cloths, like a mummy wrapped in black, like a branching armor, like a shodow being.

The dark being walks slow and calm and without stop or flinch. 

Kirra steps from the light hall into clear glass walls, floor and ceiling stained  with smoke residue smeared along the walls.

Warriors cut, bandaged, eating standing, stepping thorugh tents and carts, small shakes.

>I see your sight,< sees Love's honey voice to Kirra's mind.

William and Myst sees, >I see your thoughts.<

Kirra staps and find a place to stand as Love's words flow through mind confusing the time and step as Love's voice flows and blows on her senses. 

Spines feel to tinkgle, and the hum of Myst breaks and deepens.

Love sees to their minds as she rubs hands over a hind knee joint of Spear.

>|The shadow warriors watch you. I watch you. I dream of you as you are now mine to train. I am yours to heal. And I am to bury you when dead.< 

William says, ,,Speak with your mouth not with you mind for it creates a chaos I do not wish to feel.''

Myst lays hands on Spear.

Love pushes away Myst with a soft genlte push from Spear. >Your mind will being to adjust to the feeling of thought talk.< 

Myst pushes a Love. 

Love's voice sooth's in their minds. >I will heal the muscles and touch and herbs. You save your faith for self after I have healed Separ.<

Myst says, ,,I will sing the song of Reighn if I please.''William sighs aware a twichs and shock of pain through chest. ,,Will my friend live?''

Honey Love sooths in mind, >|Spear will live. You may not if you do not rest.<

Myst hums and puts hands on Spear.

Spear thrashes and kicks paw on Myst. He lifts his snout and peers with near black eyes of Myst. Spear twitches not and shakes wiskers. His snout and nose sustle Love.

Myst hums and relaxes and sits. ,,William, you are bleeding wounds.'' She stand and steps and hums and grabs William's hand.

Williams sits glancing at Love, Love's butt, Love's breasts, Love's body then his guantle fist. He hums with Myst. They stares. A glow spread from their words and vibrations.

Love rubs. >You will have food soon. I have water and jucie of guave in pitchers.<

Kirra sees the words feel lke echoing talk. She steps with the words and finds pace.

Warriors hairy, dirty and near naked walk and stride along paths thorugh a great room.

The great room rises walls of glass to a dome top and a large hole spans up. Blankets, sheets, poles hang from the glass walls. People clkck and clack and speak surface talk. Fat smoke fumes. Greese sleeps beneath feed. Some one burps. Jaws chomo and smack and heat food. 

A soft breeze blow from behind Kirra and up.

A hunched orc wearing half a platmail armor adn chain mail pull over round chest and stomach. Slaps hand against Kirra. It clacks.

Kirra swats and slpas the orc on its fat cheek. She pulls her dagger. Her swollen face squeeses one eye near shut.

The orc grunts, and an orgre as big Spear laughts. It clicks and clacks.

Kirra klicks a cuss back and readiers to spit. 

The orc grabs the orge.

Three soliders near. A shadow shifts.

Kirra stumbles away with the pain in her arm, face, chest. She steps on a blanket with knives and necklases. 

An gnome stands from behind skinny podium steps over the rug and pushes Kirra.

A wifff of port flats past.

A soldiers grabs Kirra. She clicks and clacks and pushes shield against Kirra. 

Kirra clicks a not and pulls away, steps along the path behind an elf, a few humans. 

All wear leather of shades of brown and black. Silver and bronze plates are strapped and place over bodies like left over pieces armor from a battle. Scimitars, long swords. knifes and a few saps hang from belts and fists. 

Rings loop ears and nose. A dwarf slurps slugs from a bowl and wings at Kirra.

Kirra clicks a not and pulls away, steps along the path behind an elf, a few humans.

Kirra was slow and steady past the booths of knives, bowls, roots and herbs. A few white sheets walk past smoking pipes.

Kirra walks.

Soldiers follows. Shadows near shift.

>I can not save one who breaks the laws of City of Gnomes,< sees Love to Kirra and all. 

Love, sitting in Spaer's Nest, pulls her hands from around Spear's leg. She pets Spear.

Spear lays head on nest and closes eyes. 

Love humms and stands. She looks from Spear to William and Myst.

William and Myst stand, hold hands and hum with lips the same tune. Williams eyes are closed as Myst.

Love sees, >Your training begins after two lights cycles. You will sleep in Spear's nest until you win your own bed.< Love looks at William and Myst.

William and Myst stare their blind sight with their sounds. ,,Weeeeee,'' says William until silent. He hums high and low as Myst vibrates throat. They kneel. They feel the song flow over their pain and fear and sooth bones broke and muscle torn. Their pain become on between their minds and their song

William and Myst sing.

Spear snorts and lays. Chests rises slow. Mind things of smell of port fuming through hall.

Love looks and things to all while steppging through all toward a glass cart of food. >Your food is rolling into room. You have twenty clicks. The food will be taken away after twenty clicks.<

Kirra stumbles feeling Love's voice in mind. Her foot does find steps by a blanket covered with baskets.

A gnome thows a basket at Kirra. The gnome clicks tongue something Kirra doesn't know. The gnmoe shouts, ,,GO!''

Kirra walks on, stops and looks around.

Warriors, white sheets and merchants roam between small paths between carts, blankets and leanto shops. Small balls of light over around the dome above.

The smell of meat and pepper root spread.

Kirra's stomach spread hallow pain. He mouth smacks dry. Pain through body shocks.

Kirra steps and walks the path through the bazaar to Spear Nest.

In Spear's Nest, a cart is carefully rolled between the narrows. The glass carts wheels rub again the walls. The cart stop at the end fo the hall. It creates a block to stop exit or entrance to Spear's Nest.

Stink of root fumes spread. Bits of cheese and chunks of moss bites pile along the four levels of the cart. A large glass keg lay on side with pump and hose hanging from  a handle. 

Myst and William sing and stare.

Love walks to the cart. >You eat now. You pay for the food. I will loan you the money. YOu will pay me when you win a fight. We pay for everything.'' Love grabs a cup and pumps liquid into the mug. >We pay for Joink time to stand and wait for us to eat.< 

A brown slow liquid flows into a mug.

Love sip brown liquid. >I will not be paying Joink to remain long.< She grabs a piece of meat from a bucket, bites the meet and chews. 

Myst and William sing. Myst's through vibrations calms and flow to vibrating lips. William hums. They kiss. The kiss spreads through Myst and William flowing through bodies and broken bones and cuts.

A limp peice of meat drips path as Love tosses meat to Spear.

Spear catches it in mouth and chews and eats.

She grabs a bowl and walks to Spear. She pours the brown liquid into the bowl. >You will find all is bought and sound in City of Gnomes.<

William and Myst's lips part. They see each other thorugh the sound. 

Love steps on the next to Spaer and stares down. She kneels and grabs his fur by hind and rubs. >You must trust no warriors or masters. Myst, you will be the food taster for the warriors. You will be paid per food taste. 

The song of William and Myst of Reighn ends with Myst's humming sight and twisting through the ears and then the mind around the thought words of Love.

>You eats soon for food is leaving.< Love step to cart. She grabs some wraps, a ball wrapped with leaves, a cup with a wax lid. She sets them on the ground. >You will find the healing salves. The cart rolls twice a day. You take only that you need.<

Wlliam stesp to the cart, ,,If you were to leave my mind then maybe I would be better to understand your requests.''

Love looks at Spear. >I only wish for our thoughts and actions to be you own. I will speak to one and all. I will see to your mind when I want to write to it. I will read your mind when I wish.<

Spear sliprs from the bowl tasting the dirt flavor stew. Warm spreads from his leg pain and back pain. He feels calm and soothed with William's voice. He smells the homrones of Myst spread from her body. 

His hear beats as the feeling of Love's hand fows through the fur over body.

Spear's body is close to rat as human as it lay.

William grabs a loaf of bread, a hunk of dried meet, a back of dried fruit from the tops self. 

William holds the back for dried figs and raises under sore arm pit and bits of bread.

Love leaps to a stand and grabs the side of William's mouth in a flash. >You do not eat.<

William stairs and holds food with tongue. 

>|Spit out.< Love loosens.

Willism stairs at Love's eyes and spits out the bread.

Love's eyes twinkel. >|Give the bread to Myst.<

>|William holds the bread.<

Myst takes the bread from William. 

,,No,'' says Kirra. 

Kirra walks the glass hall and silently steps and leap to cart top. ''No.''

>|Myst, taste the food.<

William tries to swallow, move, but willima looks at Love's eyes and delicate face thin and angular. He moist lips feel to smile. Her eyes stare.

Myst blesses the bread and bites, chews and swallows. ,,William, listen to the song and not hear voice. Listen to my voice for the bless of the poison.''

Myst listens to the song of reighn as Love talks and sees through the site of suface talk mark and looks at Kirra.

Kirra hears Love's voice, but Love's voice is like an yap of fool walking through the forest at night.

Kirra leaps from cart and graps bed and long whte noodles. She bites noodles and chews rice noodles.

Love sees to Kirra and reaches from Kirra's mouth. >Kirra, give food to Myst.<

Kirra evades Love's grasp and chews and swallows and bites her bread. Love steps before Kirra.

Kirra stands before Love. Kirra eats.

William shakes head.

Spear looks through room seeing all. A sense of striking Love is calmed with thoughts of Love's hand rubbing muscles and naked body against Spear's fur.

>I like playing naked with beasts,< sees Love only to Kirra's mind. 

William looks, blinks, looks at Myst and swallows crumbs in mouth. 

,,It's not blessed,'' says Myst.

,,I am sorry for dropping the bread,'' says William. He looks at her scare shut eyes. 

They feel a stare.

Myst feels his stare at eyes and feels his want to see the soul and not the flesh. ,,Reighn sings with all,'' says Myst. She lets or shalllow throat hum raise in pitch. 

,,A song for Shake,'' says William.

Spear feels the name and looks up from the licking bowl.

William looks at Spear's beady black eyes. ''I miss him.''

Mysts drinks and hums, and steam rise from the mug. ,,Shake sings with Reighn.''

,,Can't be good if thought bad,'' says William. He bits and chews and drinks.

Myst says, ,,It would be good to hear Guile's gruff voice.''

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back, chews, swallows, ,,Yes,'' swallows, ''Guile.''

,,Guile,'' says Kirra as she pushes aside the cart keeper.

Love catch the stumbling cart keeper and preses the curve of her breasts against the flat of the nose of the cart keeper. Love stares at the cart keeper.

The cart keeper blushes over pale skin. Wide face wrinkels. 

Kirra grabs a ball of warped leaves, a pinapple, coconut, water skins. She reachs and grabs a pineapple haing from cart top. She pulls and lets fall the pinepple. She steps back hitting the cart keeper.

The cart keeper steps back. 

The pineapple hits tray with daggers. 

Kirra grabs pine apple. She slides a dagger with pineaapple agains the tray top then rolls pinable and moves hand under to grab both the dagger and pineapple top.

Love lifts cart keeper and steps with a brush and bounce of breast before Kirra.

Kirra looks at her breasts.

,,Guile,'' says William eating ans starring at Love's breast and hips and body. 

Love's eyes stare..

Myst says, ,,Guile is not singing the song of Reighn or his song.'' She looks at Love.

Love stares at all and peers and Kirra.

Kirra feels the peer and bites on dried lamb. She tosses water skins in corner with cocuut. She holds pinepple.

Kirra, William, Myst and Spear. >You have not earned enough to buy the dagger you have hidden behind the pinapple.<

Kirra lets the pinepple falls and clasps dagger.

A whistle ring pierces head and stings then stabs pain.

Kirra's sight, taste, touch blur and shocks. She swing her dagger.

Love steps back. The ring echose to silence.

The pain in the minds pulses and pumps to fads.

Willliam and Myst stare. Their thoughts begin with the song of Reighn. It is guitar strings like the strings of Williams' Guitar of Reighn.

,,Where is my guitar of Reighn?'' he says. He swallows.

Myst hears the song of Reighn and hums a deep smooth vibration from throat as she steps for Kirra's wild dagger swing.

The dagger slashs past Myst's face. 

Myst sees it with song and ducks and steps to Love and the cart keeper.

Kira sees the cart keeper droop a glass ball. She spins part by the swing of dagger, steps and slams shoulder at Love.

The glass ball breaks against Kirra hand.

Kirra feels a shook.

There is a boom then smoke.

Coughings. 

Myst and Kirra collide. Myst falls. Kirra steps to Love.

Loves steps away from Kirra. 

Kirra hits Love's breast.

All are hit with a stun.

After the stun fades, the smoke swirls.

Spear lepas from nest and between space between Love and Kirra. Spear pushes between Love and Kirra.

The smoke swirls...

The cart keeper pushes the cart along the halll yelling words that sound reverse surface talk with a few clicks like Goblin Toongue.

The smoke swirls...

Love's body is gone, but her mental voice says to all. >|You have debt to pay with fight. I will collect. I will not be protecting you during the light and dark. You have now become a mark to rule. You are now know as one to attack. I will have a calm sleep safe from pesky gladiators wanting to bed or ravage with you. And keep that dagger close for you will pay to keep it. Senator Ring does not own all the gladiators. Senator Ring can no longer protect you.<

The smoke swirls....

Love's voice fades with. >|I am your master. And you are my weakest and most expensive gladiators.<

The cart and cart keep pushes into hall.

Kirra steps in hall. William coughs.

Spear hunched like a huge rat, sniffs with head jerking here adn there.  William spits. 

Myst steps and stumps. Her hum clears the smoke and creates the path along hall. She follows Kirra.

Two soldiers step before Kirra and the end of hall. Two spear are pointed at Kirra and Myst.

Kirra riases knifes and stands. Myst steps and vibrates.

One of the soldiers begins to hum like Myst.

The other soliders hits the huming soldiers with elbow.

Both stare. Kirra stares.

,,Kirra,'' says Myst as she steps a nose from Kirra's back. ''It may be the best path to eat, sleep and heal.

Kirra holds dagger and stares.

The soldiers stand with spears piont at Kirra. 

Spear pushes past Myst and Kirra. He steps and rises on hin legs and rises to the top of the hall. 

The soldiers step back. One looks to the Wax then back at Spear. He raise his spear. One clicks and clacks.

Kirra hears the soldiers talk of leaving now the cart is gone. Kirra stands by Spear steps back. 

Myst hears the movement and feels the tone and steps into the room by the next and William. William stands and says, ,,Spear.'' He lowers voice. ''Kirra.'' 

Spear lowers to paws to all fours and peer at the soldiers, shows points teeth extended from tongues.

,,What are you, my friend,'' says William. He puts hand on Myst's shoulders and hums with her song. 

Myst sees the soldiers walk backward a few steps then walk after the cart as the cart turns and is pulled down another hall.

All stand and look down hall.

William says, ,,We should eats, sleep and heal. We should watch and look for people to be attacking. I feel the six lights between fights are not the only fights we have battles.''

Kirra peers and nods. ,,Stay together. Heal.'' She grabs the meet from ground and heats with hair wrapped around.

Spear wanters from the hall rubbing aginst Myst on way to nest. He licks thick warm liquid from bowl.

Myst sings to find bread and the mug of thick liquid. 

They eat and drink in the nest. Myst hums and sings to the wounds of William and Kirra. 

Kirra cuts the pineapple and passes it around. The piece of pineapple before Spear is sniffed.

Spear looks away, stands and truns body to face the pack.

William swallow water from water skins, looks thorugh hall at at Spear. ,,My friend, even you beedy eyes and misshappened body is a sight that brings calm and warmth to body and mind. 

The stare. 

Spear nods feeling more than feeling the words. The meaning spreads. Spear sits and lays and looks at the hall way. His ears and whsikers folllow the step of soldiers and warriors laughing and coughing past.

They eat and drink the meat, pinapple, beans, and wad of fruit nut warpped in leafs tasting like Jan's meal balls.

Myst and William look at Kirra as they taste the fruit nut wrap. 

Kirra thinks of Jan and feels to jan. Then the feel spans, and she feels Spear's mind racing and thumbing feeling through all around. She stares a long hall with Spear.

William and Myst set their stare to eveywhere as they wait and wait and wait. 

The lights dim...

Myst says and stands, ,,Shall we leave our waste in room or find a place to store and clean our selves.''

Kirra looks at Myst and shrugs.

Spear stands and nudges nose against Myst and nods head along Hall. she stesp from nest and hall.

,,I believe he wants you to follow,'' says William.

Spear squeekes. 

Myst stands.

,,Shall we all go a keep to the pack,'' William says as he stands.

Kirra swallows and stands. Her chest throbs and leg is stiff.

Spear leads, Kirra, Myst and Willaim through the hall of furs and dim glowing domes. 

Hide and furs hang before glowing halls. A few orcs stand against wall, grunt and pass a casket back and forth. Huge bastard swords hang strapped to back. 

Sweat fumes and whispes of wood smoke swirls and spreads. A line of human, halflins, halfelfs and an id stand wearing armor and leather. The line spans between a narrow hall. Four wide steps from the line is a hall with a few orgres grunting an stepping. Steam and fumes of shit fume forth. Water drips from some of the orges.

The line moves and steps and shifts forward.

Spear walks to the end of line and stands.

Myst, Kirra, Wiliam and Spear stand and step as the line move.

Grunts and farts, burps and chatter talk along the line as the line steps and shuffels between a narrow hall.

Orcs and a few human wearing leather hide, boots. 

The halls pans and open to a rectangle room. Stalls with holes in floor span the wall to the Wax. Stalls with water spraying from talk span the Wane wall to an end hall covered and uncovered by steam.

A gnome wearing a white robe stans by the end of hall. He holds and touches each of the line as they pass.

The line moves. People step from stalls with holes and talls with spraying water and walk through the steam.

To the Wane, Naked warriors and warrors dressed in full armor stand under water.

To the Wax, Warrors sqat over holes and piss and shit.

Spear steps to the head of the line and nods toward the showered.

The gnome touches Spear's furry back and Spear walks to an empty stable with water spraying down.

Myst then Kirra's shoulders are touched and point to the holes. They step to two empty stalls by the other. 

The wand is held before William.

Willliam stands and watches Myst. 

A few hairy humans hwearing ony a leather tunic stand before Myst and looks. 

Both humans look similar with big hairy chests and beards that cover. Their beady eyes stair like shining buttongs. One points and the ohter grunts.

Myst squats and pees. 

William steps forward with a, ,,Keep you mind on the path before you-''

His voice is stopped with a shock spreading from the wand. William jolts and falls.

Kirra jolts and leaps and swipes dagger at on of the huge hairy twins.

The huge hairy twins swat and Kirra ands step back.

The gnome with the wand next ot Williams clicks and clacks and smacks.

One of the two huge hairy humans pushes the other and laughs. A few halfings push past and between Kirra and the harry beings.

Kirra stares as the huge hairy humans leave through steam. She pees and waits for Myst to finish. Spear walks from water spray as the want before William lowers.

William steps and looks at the gnome and its squished looking face. He glenches guantlet fist. He inhales and exhales. ,,Can't be good if thought bad.'' He clenches guantlet fist and follows the two hairy humans into the steam.

Spear shakes water from fur and follows. 

Naked men and woman walk wet with ropes and towels wrapped around. Steam puffs. Fumes of poop puff. 

Myst pees and steds and ties her dirty white sheet. She hums and follows Kirra.

,,William,'' says Kirra.

Kirra stands and walks pumping a half-elf nakes and wear with long hairs stuck to skinny frame. Kirra waits for Myst to walk with her then steps with Myst after Spear and William step into the steam.

The steam puffs and flow. Spear and William follow naked, near naked and clothed warriors to the Wane then Wane again to a long room with mirrors, benches and bowls of water.

Glass shelves span from floor to ceiling between basins and mirrors. 

Wet and dripping men and women naked and clothed stand before mirrors and look at cuts and scars and facial hair. Two cut hiar with knives while another twists braids.

William looks through the people standing and sitting on the benches seeing no hairy human men.

,,We go,'' says Kirra.

William clenches fist, steps and walks the lenth of the long room to the hall and the line.

Two big harry humans stands to William's Wax of the line's Wane

William stands and looks at the huge harry humans.

Spear nudges Williams lege with paw and walks with Kirra.

,,William,'' says Kirra.

William stands and stares with the two huge harry humans.

The two huge harry humans fold arms and look at William while clicking and clacking.

,,William,'' says Minst.

Love sees to William's mind. >You walk and live. I can not protect you from those men.<

William says loud, ,,Did you hear the mind voice of Love in your mind just now?''

,,I hear only the song of Reighn,'' says Myst.

,,No voice,''s ays Kirra.

Spear steps around William standing between William, the hall, a few people walking along hall to line and the huge hairy humans.

Myst steps by William. ,,What was said, William.''

William clenches fists and jaw. ,,Love said she can not protect me from the men.''

,,You should listen to love,'' says Myst.

Loves voice plays from Myst's song of Reighn, from the sound of Myst's hum in William's mind, from the silence of Kirras focus eveywhere, in the speed of Spear's thoughts, >|Yes, and I speak with all the pack. You scurry back before the harry humans have their way.<

William steps with the pack, glancing back as they part the line to the showers and the shitters. 

,,Why do we need you,'' says Myst. Her heart hums.

Love's soft and lusting mental voice vibrates to all like taking through a fan. >I am not your keeper. I am your owner and sponser.<

The sound of the ovice makes William wince and slow step, glench jaw and look back. 

The pack walk far away from the line and the two humans. Spear picks up wool and silk fibers from rug. 

They walk toward the hide hanging before Spear's hall and room.

William says, ,,We should remain in pairs if we must travel alone. We should remain together through the days until are fights for I feel we are on our own. No more Senator to protect.''

Myst shrugs shouldrs and nods head back, humms and grabs Wililam's hand.

,,We eat. We shit. We heal,'' says Kirra as she steps into the skinny hall to the nest. She steps quiet hearing no sounds. She sees the shaodws shine steady.

Spear walks behind and sniffs. 

Myst looks at Woililam then stesp in to the hall. 

Wiliam follows Minst.

The dim hall spans to the Wax and Wane. 

Myst says, ,,I feel the song speaks for the days we will heal unti we fight. We shall see what the people will need and give it unless it is our lives.'' Myst hums.

William says, ,,Can not be go when thought bad no matter how glad you thoughts may be for all to see and know.''

Kirra shrugs and nods head back seeing all the shadows and nest lunps unchanged. The pitchers and friuts, bread and meats, lay were there were.

Kirra grabs the pinable ear the hall ends, and cuts it with a knife. She says while chewing. ,,We eat. We shit. We heal.''

Kirra puts the pinapple in corner, grabs meat and bread and eats.

William eats and drinks.

Myst sings and sips with song to nurous her hunger. She sees the  room. She sees a hue of red spread from the Nest of Spear.

The red hue plays away from her song as it vibrates from Myst's throat. It floats around the nest then settle in. ,,The red of the sick is within. It is around.''

Kirra, Spear and Wililam look at Myst and eat.

They eat.

They lay and rest and heal.

The light becomes dark.

Kirra says, ,,I watch first.''Spear squeals and tries to form the words. ,,I feel for the nest.'' The sound like Spear laking like a kid going throgh purirty.

William looks at the hall entrance. ,,Was that my friends Spear or was that the witch Love casting her mind in ours.''

Spear squeaks, ,,Me.''

William smiles. ,,And now speak.''

Separ squeeks, ,,Yes.''

Kirra shrugas and shits with back against the wall and body facing the hall.

Myst sits and lays against Willim. He lips hum. The part to say, ,,Where have you been Spear?''

,,Away'' says Spear. And Spear feels and smells Wiliam, Kirra and Myst laying near. The feeling give Spear warmth.

Myst sings and still sees, but with the darkness, a hum vibrates through.

William yawns. ,,I shall watch the hall and see it be when you are feeling...'' Wiliam snores.

The pack sleeps. 

Kirra is the first for eyes to blink as the globes floating in corners of room bright to a dim orange light.

Kirra, Spear, William and Myst eat, shit and heal in the nest until light.

The first light they eat during the moring and lay.

Myst sings with tones and hums and soft words that sound as one as she presses hand over the cuts and bruises of William and Kirra. 

Kirra and Myst chnage and clean the cuts with water from a basin. 

Kirra paces the hall and practices steeping quiet over the straw, fiber bits and crunching shells along the hall to Separ's nest.

Spear lays in the nest and runs about. He tries to squeak a talk after a morning eat of meat.

William says mid light, ,,Shall we journey beyond the room.''

He inhales teh stuffy thick smoke stew floating around the room like sweat and fire smoke spread over a fart. 

,,When we heal?'' says Myst. 

,,We rest,''s ays Kirra. ''Next light we walk.''

And Kirra walks through the light stepping light over the next and ground trying not to create a sound. 

A slight pinch in Kirra's side sooths. 

Wiliam mummbles thorugh the healing, stretching and resting, ,,Can't be good if thought bad.''

Light shines thorugh first light.

Kirra gathers their amorm, weapons won from last fight as White sheets.

Kirra and William look through the id's armor and weapons. They pile three daggers, one shortsword, a buckler shield, leather armor, hide pants, leather strapes, sandles with long strapes. The three daggers are sharp and shiny. The short sword balanaced and lights with a sharp edge and no dings along side. The leather armor and hide pants are thick, strong and two sizes too big for Willaim and Kirra. The leather starps are long and stift with tastle like ties hanging here and there to be tied.

The sandles are flat and large. The bucklker and chest plate of steel.

Kirra strikes the short sword aagainst the buckler shield an chest plate. ,,You shields and leather.'' She grabs the leather straps that were wrapped around the legs and arms of id. ''Will wrap leather. Use short sword, Dagger.''William grabs the buckler and grabs the small short handle. He strikes the buckler agains the floor. ,,The helmet.''

Kirra nods to Spear.

William tossses the metal helme, that is like a bowl. to Spear.

Spear looks at it and squeeks a laugh, nods head.

Kirra grabs the the shortsword and leather strapping. She takes off her white sheet and stands naked arranging the robes.

Myst, Spear and Wiliam glance by look awayr stares.

Kirra's body bruised, cut and dirty. It's skinny, but hard body stands straight and stong. She grabs the leather strops and unrolls them.

The ten leather straps are long, stiff and thick. They wrap around Kirra's neck, arms takes the scimitar and they split the daggers into to two.

Kirra  unrolls the leather straps around her chest and breasts, her hips and thighs and waist. She cuts a strpa for her neck, arms. With some white cloth, leahter she camos the braciers around her ankles. Leather is wrapped around her forarems.

,,Armor,'' nods Wiliam.

Myst glance and looks away from song and she presses hand on william shoulders.

William sits and fidgets with armor and hide. He pust the bracers one forearms after wrapping rippe white sheet. He stands strips off white sheets and quickly puts on the leather armaor and hide pants over body then takes a few leather starpes and the rope of wrapping the white sheet to pull tights to waist and legs the leather armor of the id.

He pulls and twists so the metal plate is tight enough over chest but not loose enough to shift or move much. The metal plate, the size of head rest in center of chest.

Through the rest of the day Kirra and Willaim fidget with amor and weapons.

He wanders around the nest and finds place to pee and poop covering the waste with bits of cotton, silk and straw.

,,Smell like a pig farm,'' says William watching Spear pee in the cornor.

William grabs a piece of bread from the puddle path.

Spear looks at William. Spear eats and sleeps.

The food cart comes with soldiers. Food is tossed down hall. The cart is pushed away.

They eat and drink. The clean wounds with water from a basin. 

,,I have a need to releave self of waste,'' says William.

Spear looks to the cornor. 

,,Can not be good if belief is bad,'' says Wililam. A note of Reighn pucks guitar string in mind.

The dark comes with the hum and the sleep deep.

Kirra tries to remain awake, but sleeps.

They sleep.

Myst dreams a with sound. She snore.

All dream of a song.

Spear hears the break of straw at end of hall. The sound of four feet steps.

Kirra hears the talking, but it is with the soft snore of Myst.

Spear hears the foot prints through straw walk away.

William coveres his nose.

The globe lights shine.

The nest is sprawlled.

Spear wakes in hall near the back of hide.

They wake to their stink and a voice in their minds.

The voice is Love.

Love sees to minds, >You have two lights and two darks to prepare for a fight. If you win, you will receive one more room.<

William looks at hall and Spear.

Myst says, ,,Where is Minst?''

Love says with soothing blows of breath through thoughts. >|You are all I know and care. You can make me money. You need to live. I pay for your life. Your payment is due after two more light and two more darks. Then it is pay day.<

,,And what if we leave the this room and the area, the...,'' says William. He shakes head and grabs head with guantlet.

>|I will find you,< says Love. Her mental voice sooths. >|The cart is coming to serve you food. You will eat, heal and fight.<

Myst says, ,,Where is Minst?''

Love says with soothing blows of breath through thoughts. >|You are all I know and care. You can make me money. You need to live. I pay for your life. Your payment is due after two more light and two more darks. Then it is pay day.<

,,And what if we leave the this room and the area, the...,'' says William. He shakes head and grabs head with guantlet.

>|I will find you,< says Love. Her mental voice sooths. >|The cart is coming to serve you food. You will eat, heal and fight.<

Then there is silence for a few beat of hearst.

Then the crunch of wheel over straw makes Spear's ears turn to hear all four wheels and one pair of foot steps.

A few orcs smell and snort past. Laughter echoes thorugh hall.

The hid door spreads, and a dim light shines through the hall into the rooms illuminating Spear.

Spear stands, sniffs and peers. He feels no tension or hate or fear from the gnome standing before Cart.

The cart keeper mumbles sounds that sound like reviews clicks and surface talk then clicks and clacks.

Kirra understands the feel of the gnome saying for her to remain away from cart or there will be the light pulse. ,,The light post,'' Kirra says.

Wililam and Myst look at the gnome. 

,,I won't steal from you,''s ays Myst. ''Do you speak the surface talk?''

,,Yes, I speak the common tongue.'' The cart keeper steps down the hall. ''You come here to buy or take. Love will buy.'' He holds up hte hide. ''I pulled in because the less all see of the rat better. You hear. You hear, and they want you.''

William, Kirra, Spear and Myst look at the cart keeper.

Cart keeper says, ,,I will be here before dark.''

William stands. ,,My name is William Westermore. He steps lowers head.

The cart keeph holds out hand covered in ling white hair sprouting from under a velvet jacket. ,,Fffgrillla.'' Fffgrillla stands with hand held before with palm open.

,,William Westmore,'' William nods head and steps. ,,What...'' He looks at the gnomes hand then back at Myst. 

Myst stands and steps and slides pas Wiliam to hall. she graps Fffgrillla's hand. They shake hands.

Myst says, ,,Myst of Reighn.''

Fffgrilla smiles. Whites sheeks flush red. He steps back. Myst feels a warmth leave with Fffgrilla. 

Myst feels the smile. 

Spear creeps forward and tries to squeeze past William, but is wedged. 

William grunt and shifts.
 
Myst step toward the glass cart and looks voer the roots on one shelve, the breads on anothershelf, dried meets on a higher shelf and a shelf in the midde with boxes and bowls covered with a few steaming from seams.

The glass cart rises to the higher shelves, above the steaming bowls, five shelves.

The five selves are froma above the steaming bowls. One above is plates, spoon, forks, sticks and cloth rolls. Two above the stemng are shirts, socks, cloves, pants and hats of cotton, silk and hemp of red, blue, pint and yellow. Third shelf above the steaming pots are neckkaces and rings of silver and gold. Blue and red, green jewels. The forth shelf above the waist is filled with beakdres, bottles and heart shaped containers. Poweres and liquids rest on bottome. Wiffs and fumes spread around. Five, the top, rests daggers jawelled, bent and forged of the dwarven fires. A war hammar long with a big cylindar flat head that curves to a spike.  Knuckle rings and spiked glolves lay in the middle of a morning star. A coil, helm and  achain shirt lay folded in a pile at the top. Green bannanas, pinble, crapes, cherries and cocnuts hand from a rack above the cart.

The fruit sways and settles.

William looks at the warhammmar. ,,How much for the war hammar?'' 

,,You don't have enough.'' Fffgrilllo reaches and grabs the warhammer and holds the handle to Willam.

Willim grabs the hammer and feels the blance and strenght near perfection, but flawed as his body and mind feel weight flows compared to the memory of the Rose Warrrior War Hammar. William looks at Spear.

Spear crawls on all fours along the hall to next.

Myst steps adn grabs food. She hums  and whistles like a bird in blue's canyon and looks a Fffgrillla. ,,For the song of Reighn and knowing we are not stealing, how do we pay for our items?''

,,You pay. You pay by fighting.'' Fffgrilllia combs the hair around his wrist sprouting from under cuff.

,,Love has the money,'' says William.

Fffgrillla says, ,Owners keep the money to spend away the freedom on jewels.'' He looks at Myst. ''Your song makes me think of some of the hums and whistle I hear throgh the halls.'' Fffgrillla coughs and clears throat. ''You take what you like on sleves one through five. The top five shelves are not for sell without owner present

William lifts the hammar and swings feeling the weight flow iwth the arm. He grabs bread, a casket of. ,,What is this liquid in this here container.'' He shakes the caske. 

,,It is water,'' says Fffgrillla. 

William nods, put war hammer on the top of the cart. He and Myst take water, bread, meant and some brown root with a chocolate root. 

Myst hums, and Fffgrillla hums with her. He hums when he pushes the glass cart along the all to the next room and a group of humans wearing chain shirts, sparkling coifs and spikes on elbows and knees.

William bites bread.

Myst looks into the Spear's nest. She looks at her white ropes stained with sweat, blood splash and dirt. She hums and steps into the hall focusing in the Song of Reighn to filter the fumes of piss, shit, rot and straw musk from choking. 

William coughs at a wiff of straw dust. ,,Can not be good if we think it bad.''

,,Food,'' squeaks Spear. He stands on hind legs like hunched version of self. His harry body hiding the nakes flesh. His jaw looking less pronounces open and closes as tongue licks lips. 

William smiles agains the fumes of filth. ,,Must I play fetch with you before you eat or shall I toss this up in the air for you to catch, my friend,''

Spear stands and slaps a paw against William's back. 

William coughs.

the cough distrupts Myst's song of Reighn.

The red of dissease as seen by Myst floats around William.

Kirra grabs some bread and meat and eats as she walks from the room to the hall. She stands in the middle and eats bread and meat. Her short sword hang. She eats and stars. 

Warriors pass and glance. A few women halfings peer at Kirra as Kirra eats and stands and watches.

Myst pushes aside the hide door letting a calm breeze that blows through hall blow ointo rooms. 

The pack eats. The pack checks wounds. The path heals.

They wander around the room and watch warriors wearing chaings and leather, steel and bronze, skin and scares walk with laughter, shouts and grunts along the hall. 

Myst sings for most the day, and William listens. Myst sings sound around the red hue that illuminates with the song aorund William.

They sing and step to the main hall from the room and sit on the furt carpet spread from the straw spread from Spear's nest.

Myst and William sit and hum, sing and vibrate a tune.

The sit and sing. William adjustas bracers, the leather armor and chest plate. He slams the buckler against hte wall. 

Kirra walks the halls and adjust straps and flexes musclea and sore spots. 

Myst sings with sound singing around William and through the red hue seen with the sound.

They walk together to the holes and water showers. They get holes and water showers naer and a part. They share a water shower and a hole across from the other. They let the water shower over their cloths and skin until clean. Kirra shits pisses and showers. William showers, shits and piss. Myst pees and showers. Spear shits and pisses.

Two huge hair humans naked and stairing stand unders water shower and watch the pack shit, piss and shower. 

Kirra notices there is an dwarf, and two half-elves watching with the two huge hair humans. The two humans look at the three. The hand mover slight gestures.

The leave let and dripping.

Spear walks to nest. Kirra, William and Myst stand in the main hall on the wool and stare.

They stand, and Kirra grabs her knife and short sword.

William hits his bracers and twists the bracers over the white sheet wrapped around to widden broad foreamrs. 

Myst watches and listens. She mumbles. ,,Hello, Reighn for who I sing and want nothing but the note of music. Let the tone tune the time we live to harmony.''

William looks at Myst. He smiles. ,,That was beautiful.''

Myst smiles.

Myst hums and watches Kirra and William shift, twist,  hit grasp armor and weapson.

The skin and armor dries. The leather tightens around bodies. Kirra and William's muscles flex it loose.  

Spear leave his nest and steps to hall walking on two legs.

Spear's skin is seen though think coat of hair. His front legs hang more like arms.

The spare and stretch...

Gladiators walk past with smiles and pointing, laughing, watching, peering, inspecting. 

Myst hums and watches...

William sings and lests the song flow with his step and balance. The rage from the mind calms...

The pack feels the song of William of Myst of Reighn...

The sweat and spare. Spear does smack William with paw, but doesn't scratch.

,,One more lights to fights,'' says Kirra.

Myst yawns a song then calms.

,,I wonder if we will be fighting together?'' say William. 

William looks to Kirra.

Spear looks to William.

>|You will be fighting your own warriors,< sees Love's thoughts to William's thoughts, Kirra's silence, Spears sense of all that is around and Myst song.

Myst hums and changes the shade of her skin.

The spheres and the lights shining between the tapestries and furs dim to darkness.

A soothing hum sing with Myst. A sound deeper than the hum through the white sheet cells.

Spear hears large human feet steps near the straw spread under hangoing hide. He musk sweat.

Spear hear a guitar and two elves and a halfing sing tones as a guitar is tuned.

The strings and cords play for all during sleep. For William and Myst, a song of Reighn is played.

There is light.

,,Light,'' says Kirra.

Fffgrillla pulls the cart before passage and pulls aside hide door. ,,Good light.''

William raises forearm before eyes and squints. ,,Yes.'' Stands and looks to Myst.

Kirra stands and walks from the room to the main hall. 

Fffgrillla holds open the hide door. ,,You not take a knife.''

Kirra glances at Fffgrillla.

The two huge hairy humans in lion cloth stand around cart. They fondle daggers and a war hammer. An orc sniffs steaming bowls. An elf looks at red silk.  

Myst snort snores then the snore settles.

And those aroudn cart glance.

Spear lifts head and looks at William and walks to end of nest. He squeaks and says, ,,Go...''

William nods and stesp after Kirra to cart and the water jug hanging on cart.

,,You need your cup or jug,'' says Fffgrillla.

Willliam nods and gets the jug.

Kirra bites bread and sniffs some meat. She see the two 

The two huge hairy human in loin cloth glance and William. The orc sniffs.

William peers at teh huge hairy humns 

The red spread from William's mouth as he coughs.

The third light shines. The pack eats bread and drinks thick sour milk.

Kirra says, ,,Need to walk.''

Spear steps to door and looks at the two huge hairy humans. The two huge humans straighten back and step to Spear.

,,Can not be good if belief is bad,'' says Wililam. A note of Reighn pucks guitar string in mind.

Myst's snore stops. She wakens with light and seeing Spear step from door. 

Kirra grabs her dagger and steps from the cart

The two huge hairy humans click fast and soft near whispers.

Kirra says, ,,Go.''

Ffgrillla grabs cart and pulls cart. the fruits on top sway. The cart clacks. Nothing falls to the fur covered flow.

Two elves and dwarf swept away with hands on hilts.

Spear stands before the two huge hairy humans.

Kirra steps beside William. 

William pulls dagger from leather loop and clasps bucker toed to tasle of leather. 

>|Stop.< Loves sees. >|Step away.<

The huge humans clench hands to fists and flex muscles under fat and hair. They grina and step bsck.

A dwar and an elf pass a gold coin between the two.

Fffgrillla pulls the cart down the hall ten whell turns then stops. He stops.

Two gladiatros in white shees and a team of halfings in brown leather body armor stand by cart. Four by food, stand and watch.

The two huge human and the pack stand and stare at the other.

Myst stesp from the doo.

,,We have a dance with too many who want to lead,'' says William.

Myst looks at William and lets her breath create the sounds to see with the sounds of the beings standing and staring. ,,I see,'' says Myst.

Love sees to their minds, >|You walk away. They want you to begin the attack so they can finish it. The two half-elves and the dwarf are part of their crew with the halfings in leathers eating by carts.<

The voice of love pauses thought and movement. I sings with the song of Myst and a slow hum from William's lips.

The hairy humans, dwarf, elves whisper click and clack. They step back and spread and step away. Ony the two hairy huge humans walk away in pairs.

Love's voice talk around, >The two humans are the enforcers of the Grendle Gang. You will fight them in the pit or the dome. A fight now will only complicate matters.< Love's voice fades. 

The sound of click soft spread between the beings.

Kirra feels the clicks and knows they mean for other to leave.

William says, ,,I will fight them now.''

>|No,< sees Love.

A pain spreads with a sound then a twitch then a shake of William's hand. 

Wiliam clenches jaw and guantle fist and sees through the pain and steps and steps. William hears Myst's hum and song of Reighn.

Myst grabs Williams guantlet. 

William calms. 

Spear steps and says, ,,We fight.''

The two huge hairy humans walk down a hall. Both glance back and smile.

,,Eat, rest, heal, fight,''s ays Kirra.

Wiliam stetches and sore chest and arm. He touches his face. ,,By the blessings of Reighn I have healed.''

>|You will fight during next light,< sees Love's voice to their minds.

This light continues to shine.

The pack eats. The watch. The stretch and strain muscles testing their strenth. 

William and Kirra help each other adjust their armor and weapons. The pactice pull and getting knifes and swords from ties and belts. The wrestle with Separ.

Spear rolls and looses pace and mind as he finds the fight with Williand Kirra.

The wrestle and play. 

A pain stabe through William's chest. 

he moans and stops.

Myst's song of ring is a stong hum and tonal noises near the sound of her loud snores.

William rolls to side. Sweat drips from forehead.

The wrestle with Kirra.

They rest and lay.

,,I need to releave the body before I stain the floor with my waste,'' says William.

He stands.

,,The shops. Things,'' says Kirra. ''Look around.''

William stands. ,,I wonder the time.''

Kirra shrugs.

Myst hears the song of Reighn after a thought of time and hears a tone give a slight descent in volume. ,,The dark is near, but not too soon for a walk.''

William nods. 

The pack walks to the showers and the holes.

The line is short. Two people stand before a gnome with wand.

Half the showers and stalls are empty. A few people stand and stare as water washes blood from wounds. 

The pack enters one by one. All four relieve was down a hole.

The sit quiet.

Then leave.

As they step to hall, Kirra steps from the path back to Spear's nest and toward a ahll to the bizaar. ,,Go look around.''

Kirra and Spear walk along the hall. The walk past wood door open to a skinny hall with the two huge hairy men standing near. An orce with large tusk teeth sticking from lips glarring at Spear and Kirra. 

The clicks and clack.

Spear says, ,,We return.''

Spear and Kirra walk with Myst and William to the Spear's nest. 

They stand before the hide.

William coughs and stretches his arm. His stomach rumbles and drops. ,,I will remain here and eats some bread to settle my stomach and sing a song of this stomach pain away.'' Myst puts hand on Wiliam stomach and hum lips.

Sounds of red play around William. Myst's hand vibrates and sooths as she put her hand on stomach. 

William farts. 

,,Need to walk,'' say Kirra.

William shrugs and nods head back. He feels dissy. 

Spears voice cracks between a squeak and deep. ,,Rest on nest.''

William nods.

Myst hums to speaking. ,,We will sit and wait for your return.

Kirra and Spear stands.

,,Go,''s ays William. he rights his body and grabs sword and dagger. He smiles. ''I could be excited for the fight tomorrow.''

,,Fight,'' says Kirra. She smiles.

Spear stretches and stands to heigh. 

An orge snorts past with fumes of feces floating behind.

,,Walk,'' says William. He fart and stis by the door to Spear's nest. he looks up with smile. ''I have stretches and meditation and stretching.''

Spear says, ,,We find potion.''

,,Magic, my friend,'' say William. He slaps Spears hairy shoulders. ''More than your body has changed, I hear.''

Kirra steps along hall and Spear follows with a nod to William.

Myst kneels with her hum and sits next to William.

William starts to hum as Myst sits on knees and press hands on William's stomach.

Myst says, ,,I see the red hue through song that I have seen while fighting a sickenss that spreads through the halls.'' She hums and talks. ''I see a red hue sprew from your mouth as you talk and breathe.'' 

,,You still see through sounds,'' says William. 

A human with braids and ass walking her way under elven chain mail.

,,Elven chain mail,'' says William looking at the elven chain mail.

Myst's hum stops. The red hue fades. Myst says, ,,Minst wore elven chain mail.''

William stands and peers.

The woman with round face looks back at William and grabs dagger. 

The elven chain mail is stretched tight and pulled near the warrior's needs. ,,Where did you get your armor?''

The warrior turn and raises dagger. She stops and stands. She smiles. ,,The one who died for it.''

William says, ,,I had a friend how had similar armor.''

She smiles and steps. 

William hears a ring in his mind. He winces.

The warriorsw says, ,,Maybe your friend is dead.'' She walks one.

William hears a ring. The ring become a hum.

Myst says, ,,William.''

William blinks. ,,I am here.'' He looks at Myst. ''Where is Spear?''

Spear and Kirra walk to their Wane and walk to their Wax and walk into a huge room nerly as large as bizaar in Goblin Port. Tents, leantos, booths, shacks, sheds and blankes spread and rise along rows and columns. Knives, belts, incents, spices, cans and meets hang and lay. People point and push and talk loud.

Small campfires rise to a smoke clouds at the top of the dome.

Gladiators and mergents roam the massive domed room. Gladiatros wearing gold trimmed robes, crowns, necklaces. The walk in packs and pairs and all alone looking shining and clean. Some dirty skin does walk for those who want the smell and stench. An orc as wide as Spear and ans tall as Myst shifts in a tight silver shining rope over his stained hide armor and dirty broken nails.

Merchants wearing gray vests and white gloves sit and stand. They wear leathers, wools and hemps of drapped cloths. They watch and stare over their wears. They nod and click and clack with the gladiators. They trade for gold and paper for pouches, silks, wines, ales. Fumes of cinimon roating over a small fire. 

The crowd mass shifts. People walk and talk. All watch the eyes and body of the other.

Eight and sixteen squares of soldiers march between gladiators and merchents. Glaive blades rise from long poles. Small shields are held over chest. Their step is in sync.

Gladiators and merchats step from soldiers' paths.

Soldies stand by four huge arches leave from the massive domed room.

There is some singing near Spear and Kirra.

Spear and Kirra walk side by side. Their shoulders and arms brush and hit other gladiators. Stares and peers fight as they walk past. 

Spear walks on feet with long fingers and hands hanging from almost straight shojlders. People stare a Spear and look beyond Kirra.

Kirras though the clouds of smoke above in the shining dome. 

Four gray lines are drawn from the dome and smoke haze along the walls and to the ground. Kirra peers and sees the lines are ladders.

She walks to another of the four huge arch ways.

Spear watch people talk, shift, stare and step away. She smells homones fumer and twist through mind and pump heart. Wet heat fumes and dampens. Smoke tingles nose.

Spear follows Kirra and Kirra leads from the bizaar dome. Spear smells sweat and slime of two huge hairy humans.

Kirra sees the two huge hairy humasn with an elf wearing yellow and red leather armor and white boots. 

The two huge hairy humans fold arms and stare.

Kirra walks past.

Spear looks at the two huge humans and feels chill shiver through body and back.

Separ stares with the two humans as Kirra and Spear walk to ward the wide wall exit from the dome. 

On of the human smiles whilt the other one clicks and clacks. 

The mumble, laughter and music in the massive dome only shows the lips of the huge human clicking and clacking.

,,I feel a danger from,'' says Spear.

Kirra nods. ,,We follow.'' She steps to the arch. She looks back. ''A feeling.'' 
Spear steps with Kirra and stares everywhere. ,,A feel danger.''

Kirra nods. ,,We leave. Enter behind. If lose we go to William, Myst.''

Spear nods.

They walk bewteen gladiators and merchants and by soldiers by the end of the massive arch.

The arch leads to an intersection of wide halls with wagons rolling Wax and Wane and to the Rise before Kirra and Spear.

The wide halls.

The traffic flow leasd to their Wane agains the Want wall of glass.

Soldiers stand...

They walk.

they peers through long windows looking into the massive rooms.

Kirra and Spear see the elf wearing yellow and red leather walk behind holding two daggers.

The wide hall lays near empty sans a few people walkin from small halls and stairs.

The wide large hall spans forths into light and dark and spans to Spear and Kirra's Wane and more people

More people walk between soldiers and gladiators. They stare at the scares and cuts. A group of gray ropes jostle through open space into the wide arch.

Kirra peers through people.

The elf wearing yellow and red stands. The two hairy humans are missing.

Spear feels the tension like someone standing behind. He feels around. ,,I feel the tesntion goen.''

Kirra stands. ,,The two hair humans missing. Elf yellow and red stands.''

,,To Wililam and Myst,'' says Spear.

,,WE find way out,'' says KIrra.

Spear steps. ,,I feel a danger near.''

Kirra nods.

They step fast.

They run between people, through hall, to the wax and wane. Spear hears a shout from William.

,,William,'' says Spear as he runs to the Wane past Kirra. He falls to all fours and runs beyond Kirra.

William and Myst sit and sing as they sit on the floor near Spear's nest.

William glasps his guantlet and holds hand on stomach feeling bubbles become farts. 

Myst sings tones with mouth, lips and a slow alternating bass.

They sit. 

A few gladiators pass and look at William and Myst as their song sings through the halls.

Myst and William sit and sing.

Four soldiers pass. One smiles and winks ant Myst and William.

William begins to sing, ,,In a glass home... We have lived of sand... We fight under the dome...'' 

A flush of warm spreads over William's body. And William feels to sweat.

The two huge humans step around cornor into hall. Two halfling wearing green weaved armor. Three elfs wearing black robes stand by a wooden desk.

William hums with Myst and grabs daggers.

William stares and says, ,,Those beasts from the baths are walking our way, and I do not feel as if they have love in their minds as they peer at you.''

,,We should find, Spear and Kirra?'' says William.

Kirra and Spear runs between groups, by shoulders. along a skinny hall two Spear's wide.

The two hairy humans run at william and Myst.

William stands and throws a dagger.

A dagger sticks into the arm of one huge hairy music.

Sonic boom claps through the hall.

Two halfings fall to the ground.

The two hairy humans reach for William and Myst while three elfs run to their sides.

Three elves grab Myst. One screams and grabs head, falls to ground, lands near the two crawling haflings. 

One hairy human swings three times at william hitting him on the shoulder.

The hairy human with knife in chest lunges for William.

William spins out of way, ducks a fist and is hit with a foot.

William falls.

,,Take the Cleric of Rieghn and raper her,'' says one of the huge hairy humans.




