A cackle laugh snaps and breaks quiet and calm.

John of the goblinking steps from the dark wall into the light as Senator Ring steps to the dark. ,,You eat and drink.''

Wiliam mummbles, ,,You will be beat.'' William looks at the halfing and dwarven warriors who spoke with Senator Ring.

Johns steps and as John steps from the dark toward the pack two hugoblins wearing purple leater and yellow chain mail.

The two purple warriors  stamp behind John holding a gglass rod. They pull a glass cart that is as hafl was wide as carts on the surfact world above. This cart rollls from the wall of darkness.

The cart stops, and Kirra stares.

Kirra stares all all and sees above...

Two floor above the cells are rooms. Warriors sit in halls and eat from buckler hields and knives. Blankets and furs lay on glass created dark spots. 

Kirra peers...

Above for five floors until darkness, elves, humans, hugoblin, dwarves, id and gnomes walk, sits sleeps along glasss halls to room. Bronze, brass and leater bracers hang. Steel and hide boots are pilled next to pillows, sheets. Shiny silver helps with gold leave hang from walls. A helmet falls from wall when two naked men wrestleand press against racks of sheilds and bracers.

Kirra peers down...

Halls and cells and beings live in cells. Soldirs wearing purple and black with short and small shields at side. Glass wagons roll along the glass floors below.

The bar door before Kirra opens.

All the bar of the wall of bars in the cells slide into floor.

Three more glass carts are pulled from the wall of darkeness and pulled along the hall. Two warriors wearing purople leather and black chain mail. Three warriors dressed in red leather and black chain mail walk to cagess. Shield and short sword scabbard are strabbed to back. The three warriors in the red and black walk along and away from the other's and walk and stop  talk with gladiators wearing white sheets.

White sheeted warriors group around the three warriors.

John stands between the four cells with Kirra, John, Myst and Spear.

Spear watches his bars lowers and rushes for John of the Goblinkin.

The bars shoot from the floor, fit into the holes into the roof, rings when Spear hits the bars.

Spear feels chest thunk pain, head ring pain. He falls to ground and moan. Heart beats.

John cackle laughs. ,,You shit won't smear on me.'' John steps to the bars and before Spear. ''You don't eat.''

William leaps at John. Rage release the pain in body.

John steps and spins and pulls out both daggers.

The warriors by cart fumble shortswords and shields to hands.

Kirra leaps at John from behind.

John ducks and rools and swipes knife at Kirra, swings leg.

William falls.

Heart Dagger cuts sheet. Jewelled Dagger cuts Wiliam's white sheet and skin.

Kirra and William nearly hit the other.

William's leg jerks pain, His head thunks against ground.

Warriors walk from their cages and peer at each other. They talk with warriors dressed in armor and pass around cups and food.

Myst sees the calm and kneels before Wlliiam, ,,William!!'' 
 
John of the Goblinkin grabs Myst's hairs and yanks head. He cuts her cheeks as Flij and Jo steps  by William.

Kirra steps back and sets stance to strike two shadow soldiers shimmering in to being in a dim corner.

,,You fight, I kill. You swing. I kill,'' says John grabbing and hodling onto Myst's hair as Myst cawls and picks and pulls. He presses dagger against the throat of Myst. ''You move.'' John looks down at Myst. ''You die.''

William lays and stares and clenches fist. ,,Leave her.''

,,Coward,'' says Spear.

Jo and Flij click and clack.

John clicks and clacks and clackle laughs. ,,You obey or die. No more trial.'' He presses knife along Myst's throat.

Jo and Flij step between John and William, stares down around and at Kirra.

William, Spear and Kirra stare at John. John stares at all.

Other white sheet dressed warriors stand and watch. They eat bread and cheese and drink from cups taken from cart. Clicks and clacks and surface talk through the warrior crowd.

People above and below stare at John and the pack.

John licks top of teeth. ,,You yeild. YOu call me master John.'' He press the dagger.

William looks at Jo and Flij. Their cold stares look at William, Kirra, Spear.

,,Let go,'' says Spear.

John presses dagger against Myst throat. ,,You says: MASTER.''

,,The Song of Rieghn will not be silent,'' says Myst.

William stares. 

,,William,'' says Spear. 

William slowly stands and slowly steps to cage.

Jo and Flij stesp to the side of William.

,,You say, Master,'' says John. ''You say...Master.''

Kirra stands looks at all seeing a shadow soldiers shimmer to sight a few cells away. She looks at William.

William feels Kirra's stares. William stares down Jo, Flig and John and Myst.

They stand. They stand with white sheet warroriors eating, drinking watching. The stand with warriors in armor standing above and looking down. The stand and stare.

Jo says, ,,There is life after fighting.''

Flig grins, ,,Johivodeglickin jilo kilci il.''

Kirra hears the talk of death.

,,William,'' says Spear.

William breathes. He looks at Myst.

Myst lays with knife along throat. Blood pools, and a drip of blood flows along neck. 

,,Master,'' says William.

Johns tenses muscles and shakes the handle of the Jewelled Dagger. ,,You say...Loud...''

William stares at John.

All stare at William, Myst, John and Jo and Flig. 

Jo looks at William.

William says, ,,YES, MASTER.''

John of the Goblinkin smiles and licks lips. 

Two shadow soldiers step from cell and span between the warrrios.

William stands, and John steps and stand with both daggers in hand. He point dagger at glass cart, clicks and snaps and walks away leaving a cackle laugh to sounds through the glass hall.

The white sheet warriors and the gladiators above steps and move, eat, talk laugh.

People poeple. 

Flig steps with John and begins to click.

Jo stands, says, ,,Jo.'' He raises an open plan by his chest.

William nods, says, ,,William Westmore.'' He looks at Myst and kneels by her.

Myst pushes William away and sits, stands, rubs neck.

Blood spreads then wipes to skin. 

,,William, end the fight,'' says Myst. ''with our deaths or kill John.'' She glances at Spear then William then the glass cart. ''The song is silent.'' He grabs a glass plate of bread and grapes; grabs a cup of water and drinks. She sits and eats.

Spear and William watch then follow Myst to cart. 

Kirra listens to the talk and watches the focus of warriors to return on armor pieces, warriors and wrestling. The white sheeted warriors eat, talk and motion hand as fists or grapples.

,,How long here, Jo?'' says Spear.

,,Time. Ten cycles.'' Jo looks at Spear and clicks and clacks and stars at Spear.

Spear looks back and leans agains the glass bars.

,,I hear,'' says Kirra. Kirra watches the shadow soldiers. ''Surface talk.''
 
The shadow soldiers fade into the shadow of John of the Goblinkin. 

Jo says, ,,Surface talk small.'' He gringes. ''Little.''

Willam grabs bread, grabs, chees and a cup and walks the food and cup to Spear. ,,Eat my friend.''

Spear takes the food and eats. 

''I owe you my sanity and life,'' says William. ''What can you tell us of this place to help us know how best to survive our time here.''

Jo wrinkles brow and squint. 

Spear says while eating. ,,Where you go?''

,,Go,'' says Jo. ''Go...'' Jo looks away then looks at Spear. ''Go. You go in cells. You go fight. You live. You go up.'' Jo points above. ''You win and win. You go up and up. You win more. You go up.'' 

William grabs a leg of meet with small hoof, bites chews. ,,How long have you been living in this City of Gnomes?''

Jo stands and stairs.

Kirra clicks and clacks..

Jo click and clacks.

Kirra says, ,,Jo from Rise. Small villages.'' 

William says, ,,Why you here?''

Jo smiles. A front tooth is missing. ,,To fight. To win.''

,,JO,'' shouts Flij.

Jo looks back and steps.

Flij clicks and clacks.

Jo steps and walks from the pack. Jo bows head quick and clicks and clacks as he fast walks to Flig.

Kirra, ,,Flij says jo talk quiet.''

Flij steps through the hall and by soldiers and white sheet warriors and the carts.

Kirra grabs corn and head entire cop with water to chase the water.

Jo and Flij meet by another cart and eat.

Myst, William, Spear and Kirra eat and drink. Blood sausages, root weed, brown root, peppered fat and wheat bread are chewed and chased with water.

The pack looks around, eats.

Above the shiny, armored warriors showing naked flesh walk from the halls and rooms into the darknes. Glass carts roll over the glass hall. A few women and men wear undergarments covering only brests and waist walk to a few remain gladiors in the halls above.

Below, whites sheets argue, eat and watch.

Myst swallows bread, ,,What he said of the Diamonds is not true?'' says Myst. ''Dante would never allow such acts to exist.''

William chews. ,,Dante may have been ignorant of the action of his fellow followers.'' He drinks water and peers at white sheet warriors. ''Who knows the evil ways of man fighting a horde like this of evil.''

Myst swallows, says, ,,Any horde is evil if it forces its will with war, but not all are evil of the horde.''

Spear eats and nods and feels a rush of excitement then a slow calm. His heart thumps then beats then putters along. 

White sheet warriors peer, glance and point at the pack.

KIrra watches Jo and Flij. She hears some of the clicks. ,,They speak of us.''

William looks at Jo and Flij. 

Spear smile and spits a few bits of food. ,,Talk their clicks and clacks.''

BRight lights shine from walls then pulses then dims.

William, Spear and kirra step and stnad with back to wall.

The whites sheets and soldiers in hall stand. The purple leather and black chainmail soldiers grab the glass rods of the food and water cart and pull it through the hall.

White sheeted warriors grabs food, mutton squares and long strans of brown weed. They walk and stands as soldiers wearing red leather and black chain mail click and clack.

Murmurs  and talk spread.

William grabs bread and tomatoes, potatoes. Kirra grabs root weed.

The cart rolls on.

Myst grabs a warp of jerked beef.

Myst and William followt the cart and pile food. An apple falls to the ground.

,,Stop,'' says Jo. Jo walks fast. He grabs a lemon and scrambles. ''William!''

Myst looks back. William stops.

Jo points and shakes a finger at Myst and the cart rolling from William along the glass hall. ,,Stop. Stop friend.''

,,Myst,'' says William.

,,Reighn has me hearing,'' says myst as she piles some mushrooms in a bundle of robe. She stands.

The cart rolls past other white sheeted warriors standing by cells and eating. The cart rolls into the darkness.

Myst fumbles with food and drops an patato.

A few warriors laugh. A low mumbl  e like dwearvish is heard.

,,William,'' says Jo. ''Don't go...Don't go into...Do not enter the dark. The dark is bad.'' Jo clicks ands by William. He steps and picksup the potato dropped to the ground.

,,Myst brings songs of joy for your ears,'' says Myst.

,,We will sing through the dark,'' says William. He steps by Myst and with Myst. Their hands brush.

A deep raspy voice says, ,,You go into the dark you will appear on another hall of another level where people are not so nice and kind.''

Myst and William stop.

Flij steps by Kirra and Kirra steps behind Flij.

Spear stands at bars and stares at the white sheet warriors swallowing and spitting out bits of food. ,,Flij. What your fight?''

,,Me and me alone,'' says Flij as he steps to William.

The pack looks around.

The carts and soldiers pull and step into darkness. The white sheet warriors stand, sit, drink and eat. The point through the floors at warriors above. They look at eaachother's cuts and scraps. Bandages are pulled and inspected. A idra wrestes a stout dwarf. A few white sheet warriors look at the pack, Flij and Jo.

William looks a Flij. ,,I am William of Westmore and we are here from Westmore Canyon on the way from Lyno. We are insearch of legend and adventure.''

Flij deep voice vibrates from a grumble. ,,You are a gladiator owned by Senator Ring and John of the Goblinkin. You follow the rules or die. You listen to John of the Goblinkin and you may live.''

Spear says loud, ,,Who will stop me from snapping John's neck?''

A few white sheet warriors stop chewing and stare. Fist are clenched, and muscles flexed.

Flij smirks. ,,YOu can't fight us all for we all want to move up. We know pleasing the owner will let us rise.'' Flijs stand and stares from under his pronounced brow.

An apple falls from Myst's arms. 

KIrra steps along the glass hall away from William and Myst and Spear.

William clenches jaw then lets lips break tension. ,,Why do you care if some new warrior survives any fight that is not your fight?'' William steps close to Flij and looks down.

Flij stares from under brow. ,,Senator Ring wants you to live, but if you have a death wish then he wants that death to be in the pits and not in his cell.'' Flij peels at William. ''Warriors like you die fast for you don't listen.'' Flij looks at Myst.

William steps and peers at Flig. William's chest nearly touches Flig's chin. ,,If anyone thinks to long about-''

Flij says, ,,Most these men are thinking of her naked and on them or under them.''

William's guantlent and sack covered hand clenches and hand raises.

,,Yield, William,'' says Spear. Myst reaches and grabs William's hand. 

Flij smiles. ,,You should listen to your friend for it may be the only friend that will live.

Jo stands and looks and tries to says and then says, ,,No. You listen and live.'' Jo puts arms between William and Flij and spreads arms.

William feels the force and boths flin and William steps back with Jo's push.

,,You should.'' Jo stares at William. ''Listen to Flij. Flij know how to live. No one here want to kill you.''

William look at Jo and Jo looks at William and Spear and Myst. Jo glances at Kirra.

Kirra walks along the glass cless and halls. 

White sheet warriors and warriors wearing steal bracer and leather armor turn heads and eyes with Kirra. A few talk and mummble then go silent as Kirra passes. 

Spear watches and grabs his glass bars. 

Myst listens beyond William and Flij talk and with the carp and whispers of the warriors through the glass hall.

Sounds sing wide and deep dwarvish speak, wind and whisper like elvish, quick gnomish, clicking goblins, grunting orger with a snort and a cough of orc. The id sing in the language of each being.

The soft wind whisle and tone waves warm Myst and begin a Lyric of Reighn to sing in the voice of the id.

The id glances at Myst with it's song and caresses her hair with its wind. 

Myst sees the id as she steps behind William and Flij as they walk to Spear and Jo.

Kirra is heard by Myst for Kirra walks toward the id and the other side of the hall of cells and by the id stand blue and tall with its four arms on hips. Kirra feels the stares and glars of a few big human men. A skinny elf wearing white leather armor and silver bracers. The elf looks at Kirra as Kirra walks to the darkness.

Whispers follow that Myst hears. Then Myst hears Williams calm and soothing tones lower.

,,Why,'' says William. ''Why would Senator Ring want to help? Why wouldn't John the Goblnkin want to kill Spear?'' William steps. ''Are you slave like the rest?''

Flij stares and leans forwar, says, ,,I survive.'' Flij flexes and raises hands to fists. ''I fights. I live.'' Flij lower fist and flexed arms the expand thick arms. ''John of the Goblinkin asked me to help you learn our ways and how to live. John of the Goblinkin deserves respect.''

Myst hears the talk of Flij be sure and strong. Spear feels the talk of and actions of Flij sink deeps into Spear, so Spear feels truth. William stares at Myst while Kirra walks the glass.

Jo glances at Kirra and William.

Kirra's feet step over smears of mud and blood over glass. Wiffs of piss and shit fume. Stanins of yellow and red circle sheets of warriors. Cut and bruises show through thin white sheets over the warriors.

Bodys sit and stand and a few moan. Hands are wrapped in cloths. Heands are wrapped with sheats. Two warriors wear eye patches. Their lone eyes stare as Kirra stesp near the dark.

Spear watches Kirra. He feels to her to stop her step for he sees the darkneess and feels a void begin to cosume with...

Jo glances at Kirra. Jo clicks and clacks. 

Flij nods and looks at William. ,,Your friend should stop her walk unless she wants to appear in the pits.'' 

Spear hears and says louds, ,,KIRRRA!''

Kirra stares at the dark. 

An id near Kirra singing talk with wind and bird sounds says in common. ,,There is only death beyond...''

The id steps back and wraps its drapping white shet around body as it walks along hall. 

Kirra steps into the dark. 

,,KIRRA,'' says Spear. He grips and pulls on bars.

William steps to run, but two armsa nd two bodies grab and step before.

Jo and Flij grab and step before William. 

Flij says with muscles flexed and teeth grinding. ,,You won't go.''

William push, pulls spins and slaps the back of Flij. He kicks and spins, stumbles and runs the hall.

Warriors in white and shining armor step from William's bath while drinking and chewing food.

Myst drops the food she has in her hands and steps for William.

Flij grabs Myst.

Spear shouts. ,,William,'' sees Myst and Flij and Jo running after William. Spear roars a deep planes holler. Spera feels a rush and a push and pulls glass bars.

A deep thunk vibrates through glass. Two bars of Spear's cage break. 

Warriors in sheets and armor turn and steps, raise sheilds, knives and fists. 

Spear pulls two long rods of glassf rom bars. Spear kick base of bar.

Bar falls and hits with at thud as Spear steps from cell and rushes at Flij.

Flij watches Jo'es eye go wide as Jo stares at Spear.

Spear runs and leaps at Flij.

Flij throws myst, turns and grapples Spear.

Spear slam Flij and the fall.

Myst steps back and hits bars. 

A few warriors laugh. 

Jo steps toward Myst, puts a hnad on shoulder, says, ,,Remain close.''

William feels Myst's song of Rieghn go silent. He runs at the darkness where Kirra dissappear. He feels to look back, but runs foroward at the wall of darkness.

Beyond the wall of darkness, Kirra sees warriors standing along wall near benches. Warriors bleed, breathe and flex. Some stretch.

A half giaint appears. A half-giant fist hits Kirra. Kirra is grabbed and thrown into the darkness.

Into the wall of darkness the Kirra flies. In to the light and the hall of glass, Kirra lands.

Kirra slides toward William.

William hears the glass bars break, feels Myst silent song leave mind with cold, sees Kirra and slides, stumbles to a stops and kneels by Kirra.

Kirra lays still. William grabs kirra, throws Kirra over shoulder and runs with Kirra toward Spear, Myst and a gathering mass of Warriors.

White sheet warriors and other armored beings steps and press through the hall.

William runs and seeps Spear and Flij the sees Flij fly up and down like being flipped.

Flij lands and glass and Willaim falls and slams elbow into Flij's cheest.

Spear feels a shock of pain in ribs. Butt stings and thumps. His heart thumps.

Flij slame double fist on Spear's butt and pulls from Spear's graps and twist and slips and pulls chest free.

Spear does squeeze and press the stomach and hips, grabs shoulder's of flij and pulls back. Spear roars with pain. 

The crows around Spear and Myst press. 

William jams guantlet and sheet hand through the warirors and presses between.

Kirra hangs over shoulder.

Warriors push William then step from path.

William sees Myst.

Myst stand with Jo. 

Jo holds Mysta againt glass bars with back as Jo holds the watching warriors.

Above and below warriors gather under and above Flij and Spear and watch through glass floor.

They push against Jo and Myst to see the fight.

Spear pulls on Flij shoulders. 

Flij screams a deep bass that feel down deep to hurt. His muscles flex and pulls, snaps and twists and breadk from Spear back breaking bull. Flij rolls to a stand and crouches low. 

Spear feels Flij free and crawls and leaps at Flij.

Flij bunches Spear. Spear's body punches Flij body. As they fly and fall to glass ground Flij slams fists in back of Spear. Fists slams. Spear feels spine shoot pain through ribs.

Spear's ribs crack pain and butt pumps pains. Spear's rolls. His arm pops. It feels to grown with jaw. He swings arms and fist hitting Flij in face and chest.

Flij hits. Spear hits. 

Warrios cheer and a few shout. ,,DIE FLIJ.'' Clicks and clacks snaps flowing words and feeling for FIGHT!

William push and is pushed.

Kirra wakes and hangs and feels hands grabbing her body.

Kirra lifts and wiggels.

William feels the wiggle and steps and falls against wall, and Kirra bites a hand and breaks another then falls to the floor. Her bruised face smashes ground. A foot kicks her face. Willam falls and is pushed by rush and cheer.

Soldier wearing purple leather and black chainmmail and black lensed specticals march in a four square from the wall of darkenss.

John of the Goblins clicks a clack that slaps the ears.

Warriors part and press against wall. A few feet step on William's hand and Kirra feet.

Kirra punchs balls and kidneys until standings. A few elbows hit her before bodoes press.

A path spreads to Spear and Fliq.

Spear and Flig punchs, eblow, head butt. Fliq's nose squird blood. Blood oozed from Spear's lip. It spreads over faces and bodies. The glass slips with blood and sweat. Spit flights.

John clicks thick, solid, clacks. John pushes past the armored soldiers and grabs Heart Dagger and Jewelled Dagger.

He swipes and cuts Spear with Heart Dagger and swipes Jewelled Dagger with Flij. A foot kicks Jahn.

John steps back. Clicks and points.

Another fours quare of soldiers rushes with another four square around Spear and Flij.

The soliders push back warriors, Myst, Jo.

Jo pushes back Myst. 
 
Myst feels hands grab her chest and body, and pull. Her cloths rips. 

Jo hears the rips shifts and grabs the eyes sockets of a short stakly human.

The crowd shifts and is pushed by the guard.

The guards reach for Spear and Flij. Hands and claws slips from Spear and Flij arms and legs.

Spear and Flij squeeze the other. 

John clicks. Nets are thrown. Nets land around Spear. 

The white sheeted warriors are pushed agains tthe wall.

William punches a human with bread grabbing Kirra's breatss. 

Kirra kicks a dwarf in the shoulders and kicks another foot from the grasp of a half-elf. She head puts a soldier's nows, then is pushed against a cell wall near William.

Lights through walls shine bright, and a ring like bells sounds thorugh hall leaving an echo of pain in mind.

The soldiers click and clack in ryth; span and push the white sheet warriors agains the all.

Net fall and twist over Flij and Spear. Both Spear and Flij kick and push, ane the next press them together.

John clicks and clacks and walks between the soldiers holiding the ropes on net. He kicks Flif and poinst to the near wall of darkness.

The walls become more bright causing the warriors to cover eyes.

The bell ring becomes a high whistle. 

John waves hand and walks into the darkness. 

Spear and Flij are dragged in nets into the darkness.

The light becomes white light and burns. Hands are put over eyes. Darkness cools the eye burn.

Darkness surrounds Spear and Flij as they slide over the smooth cold. 

Then there is light.

The lights shines around and from glass walls covered with soot and dirt. The light shines on Soldiers marching around Spear. People wearing trousers, pants, shirts. They point and laugh and walk on. 

John follows stomping near the dragged warriors. 

Spear tries to move or see more than the blurred faces watching.

Flij clicks and clacks loud and long.

John clicks and clacks and spits then kicks smear and the ribs.

Spear feels pain. He feels his body rub against Flij.

Over the glass an into a wall of darkness they  are pulled away. 

And through the walls of darkness the shadow soldiers step into the hall of cells with warriors dressed in white sheets and soldier's wearing red leather and black chaing mail with small shields pressing against white sheet warriors. All but one white sheet warrior struggles. The shadows streatch and snap to shadow warriors who walk and stand to William.

The red leather guards steps back and stand with John of the Goblinkin.

The shadow warriors wrap shadows around Willima and hold him against the light shining wall. 

the wall dims. 

The light dims. 

William shakes shoulders and pulls on arms, but arms do not move. Legs do not move. Head does not move.

Kirra stands near.

The darkness covere Myst and Jo.

Jo grabs Myst's hand. ,,You stand still.'' Jo sees the shadow warriors step through the darkness and cold. 

Myst hums and sees the silent being walking thorugh the darkness as they click and clack as louds as a breath. She hums and sees the white sheet warrrios along the cell walls and William and Senatorn

Senator Ring steps from Shadows and behind John of the Gobinkin. Senator Ring smiles. ,,,You can not be broken with threats of rape and murder of you blind love. You an your manely friends Spear believe they are unbroken.'' Senator Ring steps toward William. Mint blows from his mouth over William's face cooling skin and mind with words. ''You are beyond their body on some holy quest, so you believe you can not be broken.'' Senator Ring smiles and talks smile away. ''You believe  seems rape and murder will not stop you fro you destiney.'' Senator Ring step back and glances at Kirra. ''You lead all your friends for you destiny.''

Senator Rings says with William, ,,Our destiny.''

William stares at Senator Ring.

Senator Ring puts hand over Kirra's mouth as she spits.

Kirra tries to shake her head by the shadow soldiers wrap around Kirra's limbs holding her head and body. He spit splats on Sentor Ring's hand. 

And Senator Ring wipes Kirra's spit on her face. ''You think you carry your soule mate inot the enemy lands.'' Senator Rings ''YOu follow a fool for only a fool would believe the goblins army is something to be stopped.'' 

John of the Goblinkin cackle laughs. ,,You break.'' John snorts. ''You cry.'' John lifts dagger.

Kirra and William try to move in the grasp of Shadow soldiers but remain still. 

Myst remains still and hums throat and lips. The bass tones vibrate to live all the people. The song sings around Senator Ring and plays with his talk feeling a calm of mind like a whistle and whispers of love words. 

Myst plays a duet with Senator Ring's voices as he talks. A chorus of Shadow Soldiers near silent clicks play with Minst mind. She sees the words and tones create a language. 

Myst hums and with Senator Ring.

Senator Ring lets hand fall. ,,You have no fate, William. You had armor stolen from a black dragon lair by your father. William, you are alive because you have that guantlet on your hand and haven't gone mad.'' Senator Ring looks at William. His lights appear to glimmers like the light fo Reighn seen when the guantlet fell from the sky, when glimmering lights guided the way to the Set. William stares and jaw drops. ''You will break.''

The lights twinkle around William and Kirra.

Kirra spits. And spit hits Senator Ring's face.

The glimmering lights fade.

William stares. ,,That armor has been in my family for centries. It was handed down from my great great grandfather after the armor was created by 

Senator gringes and wipes spit from face and wipes it on Kirra's cheek. ,,You have been lied to by Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

Myst hears the sounds play with her mind and beat of heart.

,,You lie,'' says William.

,,You know it true,'' says Senator Ring. ''YOu know stories of the cunning Carlos the Barded Dwarf. A bard that is now negotiating the sell of the armor and the guantlet.''

And the voice sing true to Myst, and Myst cries.

John cackle laughs. ,,You fool.'' He lick tips of pointed teeth and pushes open a smile.

William stares and calms. He taught muscles become limb. He slumps.

William, Kirra adn  Myst stare.

Jo says, ,,Senator Rings is singing his truth.''

Senator Ring stares down at William. ,,You have done far better than I would expect any small town kid living off his families dying business. You made it far. Farthere than that small town you are from. Father that Waterdown, whiich soon will fall under the control of the army then of our trading network then to our laws and ways.'' Senator Rings sooths wtih deep tones. ''For you must see that even here in the City of Gnomes that is a calm and order.''

William stares at the Senator. ,,How do you expect me to believe you? How,'' William swallows. ''How can you prove your history? Or Carlos? Or anything you say? Are they lie? Lies for your truth?'' Wiliam's jaw locks strong and beaons. ''Why do you waste your time on some small time farmer?'' William stares. ''Why don't you cut my head form arm and get the guantlet if I am nothing more than a glove warmer?''

Senator Ring grins. ,,Good.'' He nods. ''You need to fight if you live. And if you live then you may be free to help my kill Carlos the Barded Dwarf?''

Myst hears Senatro Ring's speak and feels her song true to her base feel to be built from the sound of truth from Rieghn. The song sings with the words of Senator Ring.

She feels the sorrow of the truth from William. Her tone and volume lower nar a wisper.

William says, ,,Why?'' He swallows rage. ''Why help you fight anyone or anything if I am nothing more than a small town warrior? Why don't you kill me and Carlos and be done with your story for lies?'' He stares to a look. ''Why?''

,,Why,'' says Senator Ring. ''Why you? Why Carlos?'' Senator Ring pulls together his dark blue robe. ''Why is what has been? You want to know why Carlos has used you and your friends as pawns to get this armor of the desert. Or to find one like you that can wear that guantlet and not become mad and attack Carlos? You need not know the Why. You only need to know the now. And now you are mine.''

William chuckles and smirks. He tries to shrug and tip head back, but is held by the shadow arms. ,,And why does Carlos want the armor, the guantlet or need me to deliever anything? It's Carlos the Bardard Dwarf? Can't he take the armor, wear the armor, the guantlet? If there is not fate, if this is all chance then why need us?'' William's eyes open wide and stares.

Senator Ring sighs. ,,William, you are young and impressionable. You have your youth and friends. And..'' Senator Ring nods. ''You fight in the pit and the dome you will buy you freedom in a few seasons.'' Senator Ring pulls robe closed. ''You will fight to save you female before she becomes a toy for...'' Senator Ring looks rond the cells and halls. ''For some one will save her for themselves.''

William pulls and wiggles. ,,MONSTER. Have you no shame? Have you no honor?''

William's voice creates the detail of sweat and coth texture that makes Myst feel protect and secure.

Shadow limbs wrap and grabs Myst and pull her from the wearove of soilders. 

Myst's wrists and ankles are held, and her body lifted and carreries along a the hall. He back rubs against the glass floor. 

Myst struggles and pulls and pushes, but remains held and fast.

Then Myst appears from the shadows near Kirra and Willam.

Kirra tries to kick and bit free, but only shadows are hit and bit.

The light around Senator Ring and the Shadow Soldiers spreads along the hall.

,,You may be telling the truth, but your truth is that of a mad man. Even if it be true, if Carlos only needs the armor and my guantlet and a warm body. If it is try it doesn't answer the question Why are you helping Carlos?'' says William. ''What does Carlos want with the armor? Why don't you cut the guantlet from my hand and let us leave this place?'' William watches Myst be carried in to a glass cell.

Myst hits the glass floor.

Senator Ring smiles. ,,You need not concern self with Carlos the Barded Dwarf for you adventures for him are at an end.'' Senator Ring steps from William and steps a circle with arm open wide. ''This is your new home. These are your new friends.'' He stops and walks to William and grabs his guantlet covered hand. ''This is your fate.''

John of the Goblinkin cackle laughs and points Jewelled Dagger tip at William. ''You will be cut by and feed my blade.'' He peers and licks teeth. Saliva drips from his lip.

William stares. ,,Why not kill me for the guantlet?''

Senator Rings stands. His robe sways and falls still. ,,I have no want to wear that cursed object on my hand.'' Senator Ring steps back and motions with finger from William to the cell with Myst. ''You and you whore will share a cell for you new life.''

The shadows unwrap from William, and William stands.

William says, ,,Myst is neither my property no the property of any in this cell.''

,,You sleep in cell.'' John of the Goblinkin says loud. ''OR WHITE SHEETS TAKE TURNS.''

A few white sheet warriors cheers and clap. Clicks and clacks snap.

Kirra hears the talk.

The Shadow Soldiers unwrap limbs from around Kirra and receed into the shadows.

And with the shadows, Senator Ring fades from sight and from the song of Reighn of Myst.

The light of cell spreads through the glass halls above, below and to the side.

Lights spans around the walls of darkness at the ends of glass halls.

Soldiers hold white sheet warriors agains the glass walls and glass bars of shut cells. 

John of the Goblinkin steps with back toward Myst and her cell. ,,You all have right to this blind whore if this one handed warrior falls in battle.''

,,Where is Spear?'' says William.

John smiles and shows pointed teeth. ,,Waiting you to die to have the woman.''

Click and clacks and laughter spread. 

,,Where is Spear?'' says William.

Grunts and coughs burst and spray.  

Stares and peers focus on Myst.

John of the Goblinkin walks along the hall. 

One by one the Soldiers wearing red leather and black chain mail follow John of the Goblinkin from the glass hall. 

White sheet warriors step from walls and toward the cell with Myst.

William steps from wall and white sheet warriors to the cell slowly stepping to circle and see all the warriors of hall look.

Kirra looks above and below without moving head and steps opposite of Williiam.

Above the warrors wearing strabs, bracers and holding bucklers and staves walk and sit and sleeps. No eyes peer down at the scene through the hall.

Below, other white sheet warriors watch and follow with heads and eyes the soldiers marching from hall

Once the soldiers and John march from hall, the white sheet warriors below and around spread and walk and seit. A few step into the wall of darkness clicking and clacking with soldiers.

The white sheet warriors in hall watch  William and Kirra.

Both William and Kirra step like a dance seeing the other's back as they cross the hall and enter the cell with Myst.

Tens of tens white sheet warriors watch, pose and stare then one by one they spread, step and walk away leaving only sweat fumes and mumbles with tones, clicks and words.

Two large human men stand near the cell with spear's shattered rods. They stare at William and the cell and Myst.Wiliam steps into cell, and Kirras stand at the threshold of the cage.

Jo walks from jostling white sheets picking-up the food, slaps one of the two large men on the croch and clicks and clacks. 

The two white sheeted warriors look and Jo. One puts palm on head top and rubs as they both step away.

William sits against the glass wall with Myst.

,,He lies, William,'' says Myst. She whispers to his hear. ''It's Carlos

,,No,'' says William. ''You lie.''

Kirra stand at the threshold between cell and hall.



