Runtik leads the pack along tunnels that lead through mud brick halls, sand stone holes.

Kirra hears a bangs of shields echo thorgh the halls, and Runtik leads the pack away from the sounds. 

They runs through door and through rooms with knocked out walls, spliters of futunaer, broken glass pottery and faded taperies hanging threads.

The run a few rooms to the wane then a few rooms to the wax thorugh a maze of broken walls and rooms of mud brikc and wood. Walls and wood bracks leans and lay on ground. 

The pack runs, leaps and ducks over ples of wood, broken wood bases, fallen wood braces and a pile of bones. 

They run through webs and tattered cloth doors.

Kirra follows behind trying hear beyond the sound of William's armor to search of those that follow. She hears nothing and follows through the dark and the dark.

The maze of roms big and small give way to another and ston hall spanning from a wall to a wall and a pit.

The hall is five steps wide, twice the height of William and ends beyond a pit wide than a running lead. 

Runtik steps and kneels by pit's edge. She grabs a small notch edgied in the sand stone floor near the hold. She lowers here legs.

,,We are we going,'' says William. Stops and trips over a notch and stumbles near the edge. He looks down a Runtik.

,,You are following me to the Glass Runis, so we may rest and leaving the city through the smuggling tunnels and Branching rooms connected to more branching rooms.''

Runtik holds onto the wall and looks at William. ''We are journeying from the city as we go down. This will evadee that Binites who want the stell hands dead to protect their high priest.'' 

Sweat drips from William's chin and hits Runtik's forehead. ,,Why won't they follow our trail through webs and over dust? Reighn of Rage Save me if I couldn't find out path if some one as skilled as Kirra?''

Runtik says, ,,They will follow. They will find us if we stand around.''

Giule sniffs, steps to the edge and looks down. ,,Dark and deep to nothing.''

Runtik grips hand holds carved into sand stone wall.

The shafts is as wide and long as a door is tall. It's smooths sides slide into the darkness with hand hold grips chisselled holds. 

Runtik climbs down. 

Guile sniffs, sits, lays, rolls on stomach, slides and climbs after Runtik.

William sweats and looks at Kirra seen through the Song Sigh of Myst. ,,And we decend intot he darkness hopeing to find the light.''

Kirra sniffs. ,,Yes.''

,,I lead,'' says Myst. ''I lead and you follow. The song will see to you while I sing and while you feel the song of Reighn-''

,,I feel it,'' says William. ''I feel its silence. I feel it like a band without a leader. What are we doing here? And if we have our freedom, why can't we leave?''

,,Not free,'' says Kirra. ''Never free. Gods's pawns we have become.'' She grabs her ower andpeers through the dark. ''Climb down. I wait until sweat dries to climb.''

,,No,'' says William. ''No one remains behind. No one stays without the pack.''

Myst hums. ,,Kirra will follow as we decend William. I need you close, so you may see. I need you close, so our band will be.'' She steps, kneels and pivots to  pgrabs hand holds and kick foort into hand holds. She climbs down.

Williams' sonus sight fades and blurrs a bith until Kirra is an outline of darkness.

Kirra says through the dark. She stands by William and touches the Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer head against William's shoulder and touches the handle to William's open steel hand. ,,Spear is dead, William.'' She presses the warm stell hammer handle agiinst William's cold steel hand. 

William feels the warmth of the hammer spread through his steel hand and body. 

,,Take the Hammer of Spear.'' Kirra stands.

William stands. 

Only Myst's hums sounds through the quiet halls. Her hum quiets to near silence as she climbs down the shaft.

William's music sight blinds, and he feels the Spear's Rose Hammer warm hand. The warmth spreads a feeling of a pulse beating.
 
,,Take the hammar.'' says Kirra. ''We go with Spear.''

William grabs the hammer handle and holds. 

''Go.'' says Kirra. ''Go. I follow. We leave this place and leave.''

The warm of hte hammers spread through william like a beat that finds rhythm with his William's heart. 

A beat beats with William's heart. The beat slows and calms William's heart. A song with a slow strum then feels to never end begins in Wliliam's mind.

William finds himself standing. He siffs and lets a tear run check to chin and fall while he hooks shield on back pack and then pushes war hammer handle through a loop on his leather belt. He kneels and crawls down the sandstone shaft.

Kirra steps after william, and the pack descents the shafter into darkness lead by Runtik.

They climb slow and steady for a legnth longer than castle wall, but not longer than tower.

Runtik steps to the ground smooths slick and hard. She steps from the ladder in the wall and walks into a hall of sandstone covered in glass. 

One by one the pack steps from the ladder to the floor and stand.

Runtik steps to the wane side of the tunnel and knees. She feels light then bright and gathers tension muscels stress. A burning force flows through Runtik's body and form her eeyes.

Light shines from Runtik's eyes adn along the short tunnel. The light snalls a long bow shot from where Runtik stands.

The tunnel span to the dark. Cracked lass walls cover the sides of the walls  and the ceiling. Along the short tunnel small piles of sand and dust appears every twenty feet.

The pack stands at the bottom of the shaft.

Guile kneels to the cracked glass floor and loos at a pile of glass and sand pressed into the side. ,,Wind tunnel.''

Runtik says, ,,Yes, Guile, this was a wind shaft. Ah pile under the ladder was the opening for the stream.'' She begins to crawl along the tunnel of broken glass floor and walls and over small pits of glass and sand piles. ''The glass overs to hold the water and protect the walls from the wind.''

Giule clears throat. ,,When used last?''

,,The wind tunnel was last used for water and wind before the empire came to Oasis.'' Runtik glances back and walks hands and knees. ''There are two ages of runes between here and the surface. The surface is where the goblinkin won. This is the past.''

,,Branching use it?'' says Guile.

,,Yes,'' says Runtik. ''Branching does uses the discarded places of a city to exist.''

,,Not seens,'' says Guile.  

She stops at the first small pile of sand and glass piled in the center of the tunnel. ,,The piles are fragmenes from the hoods to blow wind into the shafters and into the rooms.'' She crawls through the shaft. 

The light shines from Runtiks eyes along the tunnels. Along the tunnels, smell tunnels with hoods and small broken glass shets apear every ten feet. 

Runtik continues to talk. ''The glass ruins are the limits for the lay. The walls are fragile. The glass is sharp. A few paths exist and go anywhere.''

Guile says, ,,There branching boxes?''

Runtik crawls slow and calm lifitn hands and legs over small shards of glass. ,,Branching boxes are here and there. The box locations are unknow to me in the physical world. I know where the boxes are in the Branching Hivemind. We are not crawling to Branching. We are crawling to my home.'' She crawls through the tunnel a while and stops. ''We will rest. We will sleep and eat. Then we will leave Oasis.'' She looks up.

the light shines above and through a narrow tunnel a hand size wider than William.

Runtik stands and enters the vertical tunnel and climbs sliping hands and fieet in course crips. 

The sandstone shafte's sides lean back and forth like a wave that rises above.

Runtik leads up the shafter and the pack follows.

Rutnik says, ,,I found the hole. I killed a group of hobgoblins. They stole a pack of Haste Root. The lead me here. Those that didn't sumbmit died. All died.''

With the words, the climbs silent until light from Runtik's eyes.

The light shhens to dark then reflects.

Runtik stops the climb and says, ,,You wait. I climb and disarm traps.''

Rutnik climbs five steps and pulls a pulls a leather cover over spaikes. She pushes back a dish resting by grips to the deep rescess. She climbs a few steps and pulls a small box from a hand hold. She climbs seven more holds and reaches acrsss the shafter and pushes a bit of clay in the hole. ,,You climb to me.''

The pack climbs to Runtik.

Runtik says ,,I will reach over the hand hold five above. If you grab it. It will break away.'' She reaches and grabs the gold above and lifts, pulls and climbs ut the shafter.

The light shinead and spreads. Glare relfects. 

Runtik pulls self and light over a ledge.

Guile sniffs reaches, pulls and wobbles. 
 
Myes stays, ,,you feel the grip and it will be come.''

Guile snorts, ,,Not a climber.''

Runtik pokes head over ledge and shine lights down. ,,You climb. We eat, drink and sleep. We leave.''

Guile reaches and pulls, grunts and snorts snot. He lifts and rises and climbs over the hand hold.

Myst, William and Kirra follow, Guile into a twenty by twent room only tall enough for Guile to stand bending lower head. 

Three wooden chests, a glass case and a shrot sefl of books lay along one walls. A row of pictuers and a trap covereing a mound is near another.

A carpet covers the stone floor. 

Water bladdres and glass cases with root and dried meat are staccked near the entrance.

Runtik touche a glass goble on a small podium inside the selves.

A light glows from globe as the light form Runtik's eyes fades to dark.

Light illumnates, and Runtik pulls a painging of a human holding a lancs and a red dragon dives from abave. She slides the wide and long painging over the hole. 

Runtik points above. ,,Air from above. We can't stay long. We get dizzy and sleep too long.''

Kirra sits and rests back gainst wall. She pulls pack from back and takes off armor, boots until she is naked.

Guile pulls off the robe of reighn and says, ,,Food?''

While William sits and begins to unlatch plates and chains of armor, Runtik opens a glass case an tosses shafts of root and a waterskin at Guile. 

Runtik grabs a small sack from the shelf and tosses it to Kirra. ,,The bog holds healing salve. The salve was made by the Gladiator Doctors of Gnomsidy. It heads.''

Kirra sniffs and looks at the powders.

Willim says, ,,I have seen that powered make warroirs into machines with metal plates for skins.''

Runtik sits. She unties shoes. ,,It hurts and harms if ablied when each sun rises. You use small amounts. Spread with water.''

Myst hums. She lays on the carpet the snores that sings with sound through mind.

William humas and taps on metal as he unfasens and unlatechs armor and stacks in in a pile. 

Once the armor of William lay stacked, he takes some of guile's root and eats.

Kirra cleans  wounds and glances at William and the The Rose Hammer of S that sings with sound through mind.

William humas and taps on metal as he unfasens and unlatechs armor and stacks in in a pile.

Once the armor of William lay stacked, he takes some of guile's root and eats.

Kirra cleans  wounds and glances at William and the The Rose Hammer of Spear.

Guile snorts and eats.

Myst's snores blows to silence.

Runtik grabs daggers, and Guile pushes against floor and wall.

Kirr grabs red dagger and lays.

William opeens eyes and stares at Myst.

Myst lays silent.

William stares and closes eyes and lays.

Guile snorts. ,,We shatter our own glass souls.'' He grabs waterskin and drinks. ''they are ruins.'' He scratches bits of sand and muc from sweat dried cheek.

Runtik streatches arms then rolls to knees and extends legs and stretches body. ,,We eat. We leave.''

Guole says, ,,How far?'' He hucks and coughs and swallows mucus. 

Runtik straightens arms rises shoulderss from the ground creating an acrh with back the flows flat along legs. She slightly grunts and says, ,,Our journy is not far.'' She holds the cobra like pose.

Guile watchs Rutnik stretch.

William lays and grabs Spear's Rose Warhammer. He feels warmth and a soft beat spread from Spear's Rose Warhammer. William lays and looks at Myst.

Myst lays silent. He chest rises slights. Her nostriles sort of flar. Only silence escapes. 

Silences spans through Myst's minds as she feels and sees the sounds of the pack. She smells the urine and shit of Guiles. She feels the fumes of William's heat feeling sticky like his sweat. She licks the musk fuming for Kirra and her salve spread over cuts and burises. 

Kirra rubs her harms and legs rubing sweat and sand from arms. Her arms rub free of cuts and scrapes. A burn marked with ooze rubs to pink skin. She glances at Myst then looks at her missing pink while saying,, ,,The snoring of Myst is my favorite song.''

Guiles snorts and chuckles to a cough and spit. He drinks water.

William says, ,,It is the song for me.''

Runtik lowers stretch and lays flat on floor. ,,I am becoming a believer of Reighn.'' She exhales. ,,Yes,'' says Willaim. He drops Spear's Rose Warhammer and sits and pushes agains wall. He grabs a watersskin and root. ''How long will it take us?''

The soft warm pulsing with William's hard through steel hand fades to slight tickles then numb.

Rutntik pushes from ground. ,,The journey will last half a day, down and up and through the outter wall. We should find a hole to exit.''

William swallows. ,,A hole to exit doesn't sound much like thieves can't.''

Guile chews bland root and says, ,,The hole moves to keep the path hidden.''

William shrugs shoulders and eats. He looks at Myst.

Myst lays still. Her matted hair leays over ground adn touches shoulders. He sun tan face frames the oval head and thinn body. Her skin is loose on her once full frame. Her eyes appear sunk in deeps drum holes. Bits of hair grow from a scare and skin. The scares over her eyes socketes look like eyes lids with eye lashes that are always closed. Myst lays still and breathes silent.

Wlliam grabs his ankle gaurd and lifts it close to head and peers over the surface. ,,Shiptik.'' He puts shin on ankle. ''Who will die in this shiptik? And who will want to kill us? And what if we choose to leave through the desert and return across the desert.'' He glances at Runtik.

,,You walk across the desert into the Empire's Army and the people who want you dead.'' Runtik rises like a cobra. ''If you do not journey with me to Shiptik. You travel Wax or Wane across the desert. Wax or Wan across the desert are desert tribes. Wax or Wan across the desert are small communites. Empire Amry are not concerned. Binites find few converts.''

William starps on ankle pieces.

Guile eats and drinks then snorts. ,,How far?''

Runtik lowers body. ,,Where do you want to go?''

,,Lose the contract?'' says Guile.

,,I live without the contract. I die with the contract'' She lifts and holds cobra like pose. ''I live. I want to live.'' Her voice flat and deep and calm.

Guile says, ,,Who's client wants to kill?''

Runtik holds her cobra like pase.

Kirra wraps armor around arms and legs. She looks at Runtik. ,,Love. Senator Ring? John the Goblinskin?''

Runtik says, ,,It could be.''

Guile sniffs. ,,Carlos the Barded Dwarf?''

Rutnik says, ,,It could be.''

Guile mind shouts and feels a purr through an echo. He reads the purr into the Runtik's mind.

Runtik says and lowers pose. ,,Guile, you leave my mind. Or I kill you.''

Guile says, ,,Your mind is our mind.'' Guile lets the mental shout fade with echoes. From the echo a purr flows from mind and through body. His body numbs and thoughts feel to float. He pushes purr into Runtik's mind. 

In Runtik's mind, Guile finds feeling of cold and open space floating. A space of endless dark spans through Runtik's mind.

Runtik laughs. ,,My mind is beyond Love's Mind Trust.''

,,Branching?'' says William and he rubs a mark from the armor's surface.

,,Branching is the middle man. Branching allows the client to be unknown.'' Runtik holds pose. She inhales.

,,Nameless benefactor?''

William fidget wiht the hop plat and taps it. ,,And where did you say you were going to lead us? And how will you get us there?''

Runtik exhales. ,,I am to lead you to Tyrinium. I meet one in Tyrinium. I get paid in Tyrinium?''

,,How much pay?'' says Guile.

Runtik lowers pole. ,,I get paid. You don't need to know.'' 

William rolls to side. ,,We must decide now while we have time to rest to know where all want to journey, so we may help the pack survive if we choose to part our paths and being a new destination. Where are we...'' He latches armor and rolls to other side. ''To go?''




