,,William's the gobins king," says Jan.

The goblins lower shout chant to a calm steady talk of, ,,Threeein Ck'k'th. Threeein Ck'k'th. Threeein Ck'k'th..." They stand and begin to leave the lifeless bodies of the hobgoblins to walk and wade around Buckey and William. They stand between Spear and Kirra, Jan and Minst. 

William lifts head and looks around. 

The goblins lower swords and knifes and kneel. The chanting stops and their heads lower.

William stand and kicks goblins. ,,KILLERS!"

Spear and Kirra grab William.

,,Calm." says Spear, "We."

A group of goblis stand and begin punching and grabbing Spear and Kirra.

,,Release, William," says Jan.

Spear throws one goblin on other goblins. 

Kirra punches a goblin trying to bite through her leather legs.

Myst stands and grabs William shoulds and rest her head on his back.

William peers over the top of the kneeling goblins. He sniffs. ,,GO AWAY!" He shouts.

The goblins kneel and stare.

William looks at Jan. "TELL THEM TO GO AWAY!" says William.

Jan clicks and flows the sounds from mouth. 

The goblins do not move.

Minst looks at William. ,,Maybe we should leave the area?"

William peers at Minst. ,,I refuse to leave Buckey with these, these SAVAGES!" He waves hand over goblins.

,,William," says Myst. "We need to leave. We can't remain."

Kirra nods. ,,William whatever spell these goblins are controlled with will wear."

Spear kneels and unties the rope holding William's armor around Buckey. He pulls the armor from under Buckey. 

Jan speaks in a commanding voice. ,,Threeein Ck'k'th. Grr Shrri THOP! Yug jig. Bbbrt. Fit."

Goblins look at Jan then William then nod. The goblins slosh through water and mire. They gather around Buckey.

William kicks on in the head. ,,WHAT ARE YOU DOINT?"

,,Calm, Willaim," says Jan. "They will carry William where you want."

The goblins hold breath and crawl under Buckey and around Buckey. The lift Buckey from the ground. The goblins under Buckey sink to neck. 

William looks at Kirra and the Jan, ,,North."

Jan nods. ,,Kathat."

Goblins dive under water and crawl through mud. They lift and they step North.

Willam watches Buckey lifted and carried by goblins above the mire and water. 

Goblins gather before Buckey. They pull out grass, snap and break branches and stocks. They pull back the vines. They toss plant leaves and grass into water. A mass of goblins push and pulls a fallen cypress clearing path through area wide enough for Buckey.

Goblins hold Buckey even and steady. They step on grass and leaves. They sink, but settle. They stomp a sturdy path when William, Myst, Spear, Kirra, Jan and Minst to walk.

,,We could have the goblins take us to the shaman," says Minst. He pulls sack from side to stomach. "It's the easiest way to get to the Shaman, which I am asuming we need to kill, so the tribes will disperse, and we can continue on East and find the small shield."

William nods. Stares at Buckey.

Kirra nods. She sheaths swords and grabs bow. ,,Jan." She looks back at Jan.  "How do you feel the goblins will act with such a command.

Jan walks.

Goblins walk behind. They gather and push and pulls each other then walk in pace. 

They feel lost in the awe of William. They feel love and sorrow for the loss of Buckey.

Jan talks. ,,They feel to be willing to die for Buckey." 

Myst walks by William and holds his hand. 

Their hands clasp. They walk in step.

Minst shifts sack to side. ,,Are we going to go the camp. The shaman?" He looks at Jan, Kirra, Spear.

Wiliam nods.

Spear nods. ,,Buckey's death will be the death of the shaman, the death of this." Spear looks over the heads of gather hobgoblins. 

Distant shouts and whispers spread around, ,,Threeein Ck'k'th. Threeein Ck'k'th. Threeein Ck'k'th..." 

Spear slaps hand on the back of William. "Vengence we will have." Spear pulls on rope moved the brest plate of Williams armor further up back to shoulder. William nods. He stars at Buckey. He steps. Head bobs and nods with step. His shoulders are slumped. He looks at Myst and tries to smile. His eyes red rimmed.

Myst nods.

,,We go to the shaman," says William

Kirra nods with Spear. Minst looks back to Jan.

Jan says, ,,Threeein Ggt'hit'Bth Yi."

The goblins begin to shout from Buckey and through the gathering goblins spreading through the trees and vines and swamp. ,,Threeein Ck'k'th...Threeein Ck'k'th... Threeein Ck'k'th...Threeein Ck'k'th..." Of to the distant the cammond carries.

,,Now that I ponder this. I ponder a result that this could be what the shaman wants us to do," says Minst.

,,Then we will find our fate in a time more near than now," says Jan.

William sniffs. ,,And I will have its blood on my sword." He looks at Spear and reaches and grabs the rope holding his armor. "Thank you for carry my family's armor, but now I must take the burden."

Spear nods and let loose the hand holding the rope around the armor. 

Spear grabs his side and winces.

Kirra looks back. ,,Your rib is probably broke."

Spear clenches jaws and nods head. 

Myst looks forward and says, ,,Reighn may head that wound that nature may take time to set."

Spear nods, inhales and exhales slow. ,,Given time, I may seek the blessing from you." 

The sun above shines upon the bodies walking between the trees to the North. The rays heat the warm to be hot. The light illuminates the path Norht.

Goblins clear the path and carry Buckey. Goblins step under and from Buckey. Goblins run and walk along and before and behind William, Myst, Jan, Kirra, Spear and Minst.

Minst looks around and peers. ,,Where are the hobgoblins?" He tries to make eye contact with William then Spear. "Shouldn't we see some hobgoblins given there are so many goblins?"

,,Dead, fleeing, or waiting to strike," says Kirra. "The goblins are under some sort of spell."

,,They are taking us to their shaman," says William lifting his sword. "For me to kill it." He swings his sword."

,,Or for it to kill you," says Jan with a flat tone. Her staff sinks into the ground as its fall preceeds her step. 

,,And I'll be ready," says William.

,,We will be ready." Spear slaps William's back. "My sword swings at the enemy of William."

Spear and William stare at another.

William's red eyes a light shade of point. Mud streaks reminants of the tears.

,,Jan," says Myst. "What do the goblins say?" Jan looks around at the horde of goblins.

,,They are talking about a visions each witnessed days ago. A vision first dreamnt by the shaman. A vision that was followed by a feeling to save and protect William. It is as if they suddenly felt an attraction toward William. An attraction they appear not to question, but rahter obey."

,,Why am I king?" says William. "Is someone mocking me?" He looks down at a goblin holding the tip of Buckey's tail. "These creater are a disgrace." He swing words cutting the head of the goblins holding the tip of Buckey's tail. It screams and falls to ground clutching head and rolling in the mire and water.

Another goblin, steps and stumbles over the fallen goblin and lifts and carries Buckey's tail tip.

,,It is apparent that only the Shaman knows," says Minst.

Jan nods.

The sun wanes from East to West. Shadow extend. Light dims.

Goblins walk in a slow pace. They eyes fixed forward. Their limbs moving to walk or to pull pull grass and leaves and vines from path to lay before Buckey. 

The path before turns to the east bending slow through a jaggged path our patches and walls of trees. 

Small campires and beads of grass and plants appear and disappear between trees and shrups. Bones and skin of snake, beaver, rat, grats, and goblins are scattered in small clumps here and there. 

Goblins search through stacks of bodes inspecting each bone before walking on the with the horde.

A few fires smoke. Embers glow with gusts contract against the dimming dusk.

A haze hangs above the ground and around the thousands of tiny goblin feet marching through the swamp.

Hollow hunger spreads from stomach to stomach.

Legs become weak to step. Minds focus on the twisting horizon.

Spear pull out a handfull of dried snake skin. ,,Eat."

Jan bites an apple. ,,I have been." 

Kirra nods and throws away an apple core.

Goblins merge and colide over the dropped apple core. They scratch and bite and reach for the core. 

Minst whistles and point to Spear's bundle of died snake. 

Spear tosses a piece. Minst catches and eats. He holds up a piece of flat bread. 

Spear nods, and Minst tosses flat bread to Spear. 

Spear catches flat bread and eat.

Food fills body. Body fills with energy. The pains of scraps and cuts sooth with a renewed focus on the path ahead.

A path the becomes a steady march with the goblins. 

A path that leads true North east. 

The showdows connect casting darkness below the illimuncated tree tops.

The trees bare of fines and limbs. Plants and grass lay yellow and dead over the mud ground. 

Goblins climb down from trees and walk in a slow pression preceeding and following Buckey.

The path true North leads to an arch.

,,Is that an arch?" says Spear.

Kirra nods. ,,A wall. An arch through the wall." 

,,It's the Eastern Path," says William. "We are near the North edge of the valley."

The goblin horde merge and form a long column of marching goblins.

A stench of shit and piss fumes. 

William covers nose. ,,That's repulsive."

,,That's hundreds of goblins walking before you," says Kirra.

Small piles of thin stringy goblins shit lays in long strains along the ground. Small puddles of yellow and green slash.

Fire pits surrounded by lean-tos of green and brown leaves, beds grass and leaves, bones and skin, small piles shit span between stumps of chopped trees in open areas seen East to West to North to the Eastern Path.

William switches hold of armor bundle from one shoulder to the next. He removes back and lowers it to Myst. ,,Myst, will you please retrieve my the lock tool from the side pouch of pack." 

Myst unties the side pouchs and fumbles through a bundles of metal hook and links, a mallet and soft cloth. She pulls out a small metal hook and holds it before William. ,,I need to spread my fragrence and rest my legs," says Myst as he ties of the pouch.

William takes the metal hook and smiles, nods. ,,Indeed." He looks forward. "We will rest when we get to the Eastern Path." He looks at Jan. "A rest would be good."
  
Spear and Kirra nod.

,,Yes," says Minst. "I want to sit."

Jan nods. ,,Hi'PTH. THI OP' Slaith' Ka' er." 

Goblins around Jan begin to say. ,Hi'PTH. THI OP' Slaith' Ka' er."

,Hi'PTH. THI OP' Slaith' Ka' er," spreads from goblins to goblin to goblin.  

The goblin column top nearing the arch under the Eastern Path spread to the sides sitting on plant beds an under lean-tos. 
 
,,Thank you, Jan," says William.

Jan nods and walks with staff leading her way.

The arch way looms large spanning twenty goblins wide and half the eight of the trees.  It's frame of wood is covered with moss. A stone stacked wall surrounds the arch and spans as far as the eye can see the raised walkway. Its morter chipped and crumbling to small piles against the arch. 

Goblins stand then kneel then bow to the ground as Buckey, William, Misnt, Spear, Kirra and Jan walk past. Then they stand and follow the procession foward.

Buckey slowly passed through the arch and under the walkway. 

,,This was probably going to be the North East to South West trail," says William.

Under the arch shodaws caste the companions in near dark. Stones and morter lay scattered across the ground. Wood trusses hold the ceiling of the deep tunnel through Eastern Path.

Spear looks back and forward. ,,Impressive."

William nods and frowns, ,,It was. But not all of it is this tall. The Eastern path is near the same as we last waked it." He smiles and huffs. "When not destroyed by goblins."

They pass under bridge.

The goblins carrying Buckey stop. Buckey is lowered to the ground and the goblins spread around Buckey.  They turn backs to Buckey and stand. Their small bodies waver. Some fall to the ground. Others shift their still stand. Others sits and look into the dark.

Minst looks at the ground, finds a flat and wide rock and sits with a humf. He opens his big sack and searches and organized the small bags inside. 

Jan walks into the sitting and standing goblin mass. She pulls her robe tight around body and sets staff end on ground. ,,FF Iyu' Op' Rit..." she says.

Kirra pulls a pear from back and continue to walk the path carved between the trees. 

Spear eats more snake meat and sits upon the grounds. He grabs the side of chest and presses and growns.

Myst looks at William.

Willim signs and release the rope holding amror on back.

The armor hit the ground with crash. 

william slumps to the ground and stares at Buckey.

Myst looks down and walks to Spear. She peers at his hand holding the side of his check. ,,Please allow me to see."

As Myst begins to talk, William sniffs and sights and begins to attach his chest and shoulder armor plats onto body.

Mysts hand press against Spears chest. A heat spreads from her hand the Spears chest. 

The pain in Spears chest fades.

Spear inhale and hits chest then exhales. He smiles. ,,Maybe those Gods no a thing or two."

Myst smiles. ,,The Gods know all." She stands and walks to William. 

William is standing locking and strapping on the thigh armor plates.

The goblins all begin to talk with Jan. The goblins tell Jan of the great city of goblins a run through the trees. The goblins tell of their wooden huts, lean-tos, beds tables and shelves.

Jan feels the sorrow from the trees clash with the excitement of the goblins creating

Jan stands with goblins. Jan and a group of goblins walks through the bare trees.

The mud ground sops with steps.

Bare trees lay naked of branches, moss, vines, leaves. The ground lay bare of grass and plants. 

The mud ground sops with steps. 

Goblins laying on ground, climb trees, wrestle with each other, spar, scream and chase another around the horde of goblins laughing their shrill. Goblins sit in circle groups and toss bones by a stack of rusted knifes and pieces of armor. Two groups toss daggers agains a tree striking a etched circle. They eat pieces of rotten flesh kept in dilapidated leather, silk, cotton, plant woven bags.

Two goblins laugh then scream and point knife tips at each other. One stabs at  the other. The other stabs at the one. They wrestle and bits try to push their dagger tips into each other. 

Mud splats as they hit the ground.

Goblins around raise arms and cheer. 

Jan and the pack of goblins leave the sitting horde.

Stumps of trees spread through fallen and bare trees. Soot covered trunks dim darkness. Soot covered trees lay arcoss path.

The dimming sky and soot caste darkness.

Then small dots of dancing lights illumincate dusk covered silhouettes of lean-tos, huts, and halls long and wide in a wide clearing to the dark horizon and to the moutains base.

Camp fire light flickers up the side of the moutain.

Jan stops and stares at tree stumps between the lean-to, the wooden huts, the large halls and campfires and bonefires burning large and small cones of flame into the night.

Sorrow flows over Jan's soul. It wells in the chest and falls to the stomach with the tears pooling under eyes. She turns and walks away leaving a group of goblins jumping and shrilling and point at the goblin city.

Jan walks through the goblin horde stepping over their bones and piles and muddy bodies laying sleeping on ground. She walks between the soot covered trees and stumps, and she walks betten thedying trees to the path and the Easter Pass arch. 

Kirra sees Jan walk from the trees and goblins. She lowers bow and walks to Jan.

The tear now dried on Jan's face, Jan says to Kirra, ,,They're killing the swamp. They're killing everything."

Kirra turns to face William, Spear, Minst, Jan. ,,Their town is near. We should go now, while dark, to not arrouse suspision by those who may not believe William to be king."

Spear, running wet stone over the edge of sword, nods. He wraps the wetstone in hid, then puts the hide covered wetstone in pack. Wiliam, checking the attackment of his plate armor, nods. Minst reading spell book looks up from the pages and nods. Myst, talking and laying a hand on Buckey, stops talking, stands and says, ,,Yes."

Kirra nods.

Jan says, ,,Threeein Ggt'hit'Bth Yi."

Goblins put bones in bags, pick up knifes, small woodens shield and wooden caps. They pass the words, ,,Threeein Ggt'hit'Bth Yi," from Buckey to the deep reaches of the horde around. They sheath the swords and surround Buckey and lift Buckey one by one letter goblins crawl under.

Buckey's moves along the path.

William, Myst, Spear, Kirra, Jan, Minst walk behind Buckey in in the epicent of the horde.

They walk in slow procession along the tree path.

The tree path thins to soot covered trunks to soot covered stumps.

A smell of feces and rot gust past.

The goblin horde spreads and begins to run as the trees give way to hundreds of campfire lights spread over the moutain base and the plains. They spread through the lean-tos, huts, wooden platforms, and large halls standing two levels hight and as wide as a river. Wooden bleachers covered with standing and cheering rise from teh ground and surround pit of fighting goblins. Wooden stand with bones and rusted knives spead on top place on the wide path Buckey travels.

The smell of feces and rot surround.

Minst coughs and gags.

Fire light dances from the camp fires by lean-tos and huts and halls.

The whispers of Threeein Ck'k'th spread from the Goblins around Buckey. The whisper spreads to the goblins sitting around files.

Golblins gambling stop and stand. Goblins cheering on bleechers stop and stare. Goblins dancing around fire pause and look. Goblins standing around huts, lean-tos, tree stumps, stands, platforms or on the dirt stare watch Buckey, William, Myst, Spear, Kirra and Jan pass by.

,,You are the goblins king," says Spear. He slasp William's shoulder.

A group of goblins standing near rush and leap at Spear.

Spear kicks and throws goblins away.

Jan spits, ,,Y'u Iouuui GRRRREIT DFFFFI!"

The gobling rush to Spear slows.

,,I won't advise touching William," says Minst.

Spear peers and Minst.

Minst shrugs.

,,What's our plan?" says William. "It appears we will are being lead to the goblin."

Kirra's face lightsup  from a bonefire casting a flame taller than the large bunk houses. Large tree trunks stand in a cone.

Hundres of goblins run around the bonefire throwing arms into the air and jumping and screaming, ,,THREEEIN CK'K'TH! HREEEIN CK'K'TH! HREEEIN CK'K'TH!!!"

Kirra says with eyes affixed on the bonfire flame. ,,We kill the shaman then we burn the goblins while they sleep."

Kirra looks to Jan.

Jan walks with eyes closed. Her feet steps fall firm and true along the path.

,,We should kill the shaman and leave." Myst looks at Kirra. "Setting fire to this would at best create an uncontrollable fire. At worst it will kill more than goblins."

Kirra nods.

Minst slides hand between the foldes of elven mail touching the spin of his foldedn spell book. ,,My choice it to leave after the Shaman has been slain."

Spear kicks away a goblin. ,,Burning these. These." He spits upon the forehead of goblin. "These things is a task I am willing to complete if we decide our fate it to make these things be extinct."

William nods. ,,I want to see the death off all goblins." He looks at the another bonfire with a cone of burning tree trunks burning licking flames to the sky. "There is enough would and fire to spread death and chaos."

,,When?" says Kirra.

,,After the shaman is dead,” says William.

Spear and Kirra nod. Myst looks at William. William stares beyond buckey and the buildings and the bonfires to bright tower of tree trunks illuminated by balls of floating lights. 

,,Who will kill the shaman?” says Minst. 

Spear looks at Minst. Kirra flashes a glance at Minst. Myst holds William’s hand.

William’s eyes reflect the fires.

Minst nods.

The goblins horde stops at campfires and bondfires. They sit on the mud, plant leave piles, bleachers, stumps. They talk and point and say, ,,Threeein Ck'k'th.”

,,I hope none of these goblins know common,” says Minst.

,,The hobgoblins may hear and spear common.” Kirra looks at a circle of goblins.

Circle of goblins peer at a pile with a dagger, a flash, a leather sack, and a shiny rock in a pile. They squat with butts hovering above the stiff mud. One goblin pees. 

“The goblins have little discipline to educate.” Kirra pulls knife from sheath and holds swords and knife. She peers from peeing goblins to the tower illuminated by glowing balls of light.

The tower of tree trunks looks tall into the night. The illumination fades to a tower sihlouette against the sky light.

,,I hope we can see the inside,” says Minst. 

Spear peers at Minst.

“It will be interesting to see how they support the walls,” says Minst.

A goblins runs from a group watching two goblins wrestle in mud and runs beyond Buckey and before William. The goblins rolls into a large ball and rolls into a deep pit darkened by the shadows of campfires, bonfires and torch fires. The goblin says, ,,Threeein Ck'k'th. Threeein Ck'k'th. Threeein Ck'k'th.” The goblins falls into tree stump hole. 

William steps over the path stump hole filled with goblin..

The goblin fills the hole. 

Minst steps on the goblins and then path.

The path becomes laid shapes of granite fitted to make a path wide enough for a carriage . The parallel sides of path straighten and aim true to the illuminated wooden tower.

,,This is the granite from the Western Pass,” says Minst.

Myst peers at Minst. 

William nods.

Wooden walkways branch form the granite path.

,,I wonder what the shaman looks like?” says Minst.

Lathed and planed cut boards form the walkways and the houses and the buildings. Nails hold board wall slats to frame board. Stumps stuck with spikes form the foundation of buildings and houses and the wooden walkways. 

Fire pits are dug in ground and are surrounded by rocks fitted with rocks and mortar spread between rocks. Empty chairs circle rock pits of wisping embers. 

The house lights through glass windows are candles burning near wicks end. 

They walk along the granite path.

They follow the goblins procession with Buckey’s carried body.

Goblins walk a column along the granite path before and behind the companions. Goblins step from granite path and walk along the wooden walkways. Goblins run from column and run across the wooden paths and into the houses and stores and rooms.

The wooden tower looms. Three bare trunks of mature cyprus stacked end to tip a top another. A three mature cyprus tall tower circles a diametric span of a pond. The towers the levels are tiered. The top the diametric span of a hut. 

,,That’s big,” says Minst. 

The spheres of light hover around the rim of each tier. 

The light illuminates arm sized rope woven between the trunks of cypress topped with flat board.

Triangle window circle a hobgobins height for viewing.

The towers base hidden by Bunker buildings and posts. 

They walk down the granite path. They follow Buckey’s carried body between two open gates and wall of boards as tall as trees nailed together with rocks between boards as tall as trees nailed together. Rocks will mortar ascend at angle from the ground to the middle of boards as long as trees.

,,Magic or very good engineering,” says Minst.

William, Myst, Kirra, Spear, Jan and Minst walk through the gates to the tower. 

Hobgoblins wearing robes sleep around cooling embers of fire pits. 

,,WIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM!” Hollars Shake.
