Flare says, ,,It is called goblin prot for this salt desert was once a lake bed. It is now a desert around mountains around, a lake and an island city. Goblins Port is a port because all the army has been teleporting to the city.''

,,The water is dammed,'' says Kirra.

,,Yes,'' says Flare.

,,Because of the black dragon?'' says Shake.

,,To water and feed the army,'' says William. ''The army teleported to here from where, Flare?''

,,The soldiers arrive from across the land, across the great desert. Even criminals from The City of the Center of the Desert,'' says Flare.

A cold wind blows freeziing the rays of sun light shining from high Wane. Ice dust and dust snow sting faces and blow from over the sand back and forth.

Ox-goblins eat root and swamp weed. Farmer wars sit, smoke pipes, talk, peer over the desert and the shrubs.

Spear says, ,,How long to journey to the city?''

,,Light and night,'' says Flare. ''We arrive by Rise.''

Ox-goblins moan as farmer-warriors push and click upon the ox-goblins. The ox-gobllons stand with a stumble and sway to kick and pull on the harnessses.

The ox-goblins blusteer steam and stone and stomp upon the flat hard desert.

The wagon trail rolls.

The pack goes. The walk and ride to the desert.

Guile is the only one riding on the last wagon reading the thoughts and feelings of the farmer-warriors without name of meaning. He stares to the Set trying to see his mountain home. 

Myst walks behind letting the sound of the wind, wagons and ox-golblins create a song she hums and thumps on drums. Her eyelids press the sun away and create a darkness for her notes to create the desert landscape.

The desert landscape spans flat and shodow less to a dark horizon of mountains.

The wagon wheels roll over solid salt ground. Wind blows a line of crushed dust and frost from the wheels and the spots of foot steps.

Myst drums hit hollow through the planes. Blusters of ox-goblins the chorus and sound singing with her hum.

William pulls his guitar from shoulder and strums its four cords moving his fingers over the neck as he stares to the Set horizon. His rapid strikes, slow and pucks bass and deep sorrow sounds as he see bones.

Piles of bones scatter over the flat surface and caste the only shadow. Thin warps of cloth hold ribcages to spines. Skulls of goblins, humans, elves and ox-goblins lay scattered and crushe along the desert and defining the edges of a road through the desert.

The sun lowers to the Set. The shodows of bones shift. The body spread until there is only dust and snow frost over the surface of the desert.

Minst clicks and clack then says with surface talk, ,,Did we pass a feeding ground?''

,,Eating ground,'' says Flare.

Minst shrugs shoulders and nods with clicks and clack a song rhythm. 

A flash appears and Minst steps on the sky like walk stares with the goboins shield.

William quick steps to stride with Flare. ,,What creatures feast the desert?''

Flare walks and steps and stare at the tip of her shadow drawn over the desert ground. ,,Night beasts.'' Flare steps. ''We move during night with light. We will be safe.''

,,A wall,'' says Spear. ''A wall around Gobins Port.

,,A wall of water is before.'' Flare looks back at the wagon train and steps and visors hand over forehead to see beyond the Set sun. ''Fire. We need fire.'' Flare steps walks the length of the wagon train.

As Flare passes the teams of ox-goblis, farmer-warrios and a wagon, club flame ingnites.

Spear, Kirra, Minst and William lead the caravan. Spear walks and lets the cold wind blow over his skin. Kirra steps from the wagon train and to the dusk. Minst castes clicks and clacks and shields beneath is feat until the unclickcs stumbles of a clack and the step fades and Minst falls. William watches Flare walk and the wagons train then follows.

Club tips explode with flame. Their hilts are tied and stuck in holes on wagon. 

Balls of white light float from bags and over near wagon train.

Flare and William walk to Myst and Guile.

Guile sits on the last wagon. 

Farmer-warriors tie flaming clube to each corner of the wood walls. They each hold a club torch. One leans over the wagon wall pointing the hilt of a club torch at Guile. It clicks and clacks, and Guile feels to know to grab the hilt and says, ,,WORDFORTORCE.''

I flame erupts and helps caste light to Myst.

Myst walks an drums.

William stands between the two and then walks with Myst as she steps near. ,,The fire for the night is a deterant against the creatures that have spread those bones.''

Myst taps her drum every few steps. A song fades from her mind as she tries to read the signs of the notes and shapes coming from rieghn. Lost in thought and prays, Myst only hears William as a whisper, but her mind to the phsical world replies. ''May I play my muse.'''

William says loud, ,,Flare!'' Then at loud talk as Flare looks back. ''Will our music cause creates to attack and feast on our bodies.''

,,Play loud and all through the night to give fright,'' says Flare near singing with Myst drum taps.

Myst hits her drum, and William plays the guitar.

The music play slow and steady like the roll of the wheels and clomb of the ox-goblins hoove heels.

The song spread to Guile, who feel warm as he pulls the rope of Reigh around the body tight. Minst wwalks and read following the song pace step feet. Shake walks at the front on the wagon train with Spear whistling the tune, mumbled words and clicks, griping his speed vial.

Kirra hears the song as she steps into the darkness then runs. Her heart and breath and distance give silence to the song. She runs with daggers in both hands. 

The song sound plays under and away with the wind blow fast and cold over the desert. Sound like dog whines and goblins cherps click and flow between the gust of wind
.

Kirra sniff and smells faint fumes of sweat and rot as she leaves the song.

The song drives the wagon tain to roll and wake. 

The night stretches over the lands making dim dark. A thick black parts by the flame. 

Spear steps and leads the wagon train to the dark. The flames caste light and his shadow, so his shadow head touches the dark.

Growls and hisses feel to kiss Spear's ears causing a tingle to spread over his spine.

Shadow and sihlouetes rush from light to dark around Spear and the carvan.

Shake mumbles and says, ,,Darkness and light cause horror of night as the pack rolls the desert wall of the goblin city.'' He swallows a dry throat. ''

Minst sees three shadows stretch from the dark bending the light back. 

A sharp cry and the shout clicks. 

A shadow twice the height of Spear stretches to the light and leaves with a scream.

Farmer-warriors and the pack look and point torches to the dark near Minst.

Minst steps away from the dark and lets the wagon train pass to walk with William, Myst, Guile and Shake. He reads the spell book letting the scrtchs and clicks and shapes of the spell books tempt the mind to sleep.

The wagon train rolls through the night and the distant howls and yells.

Near those distant howls and yells, Kirra runs peering through the night.

Kirra sees shades of heat being stand and run around her. Heat patterns giving body to beings with six legs and no head; beings with two legs and two heads, beings with four tails and a round body, being with three arms and two legs; being smaller and larger then kirra roam the distant move torward the carvan and Kirra.

Kirra watches three being begin to pack and attack toward her. The bodies shaped like scribbles shapes the roll and walk and drag through the night toward Kirra.

Creatures square, snakelike, cow like and blob like spread over the dark and around the carvan and Kirra.

Myst sees the creatures as her song spreads through the dark around their mass. 

The sound of song spreads aroind the rough bodies, slimey bodies, smooth bodies and bend twist bodies around the caravan. 

Click, clasks, moans and screams shock and ripple the sound of Myst's song making her blind.

Myst goes silent.

William lowers his string plucks. ,,Is the song silent from the heavans to quiet the soul?''

Myst looks behind. ,,The beast of night are beyond creation of greator beings.''

A moan clatters.

The farmer-warriors step closer to the wagon trains.

A pair of ox-goblins kick wagon and smash into the other. Farmer-warriors tries to pull the two ox-goblins apart while glancing at the dark.

Like a flash, a dark green mass of leggs and tenticas scurries a flash grabbing a farmer-warrion with a flash and a scream.

Tentacles and arms stretch to the dark. A tail whipes near a farmer warrior. 

Willam pulls sword and runs after the sceams of the held farmer-warrior.

,,REMAIN,'' hollers Flare. ''DRUM.''

Myst steps toward the light and hits her drum with pounds. William steps near the dark. 

Smells of piss and rot churn his stomach then blow away with the cold wind. 

Talon like fingers and tail tips wip tolight. Shadows bend the light.

Screams of goblins remain in the distant dark behine as the wagon rolls.

To the rise and through the night the wagon goes to the Set.

Kirra runs for the Set into the night feeling and seeing the heat bodies rus for her. A tentical whips from a jelly like body, an Kirra cuts it. A being with six legs and a human body leaps at her with fangs and claws, and Kirra rolls and stabs and cuts. A monster with tenticals slithering over the ground. 

Fumes like alcohol, perfume, rot and shit plume and flume and cause Kirra to cough as she runs through the night. The stench hang and blows away. 

Creatures near run from Kirra's path through the night.

Creatures lay dying in piles of flesh and limb.

The fumes float over the wagon train. 

Guile gags and wakes from sleep.

Spear and Shake see the dead beasts and peer at their bodes. They stand a stare as the wagons pass.

Flare feels Spear and walks to Spear. ,,They are from port. We do not know what they be. We know they are part goblins.''

Flare steps and follows the wagon.

The wagon train rolls past the bodies of the dead beast 

Clouds pass over the sky hiding the stare shine and covering the desert.

The pack takes turns resting on the last wagon. The pack walks the night with Kirra running in the darkness.

Light illuminate a horizon to the Rise. The lights rise from the ground and fram hils and a vally of a mountain. Lights flickers and shine and glow. The illumination grows as the wagon train rolls. 

The sun rises.

And Kirra stands in the night then the dawn waiting for the wagon train to come. When it arrives the sun shines over the edge of the Rise and between two moutains.

The desert planes span flat and wide to the horizons both Wane and Wax and far to the Set.

Two mountains wide and falt peak like wide pyramids and valley to shilouetes. Their sihlouettes reflect from the surface of the desert.

Below the mountain peaks, around the relfection of the sky and near the wagon train, teams of of wagons and animals spread over the desert.

The wagon wheels roll, and the pack moans awake. 

Smoke rises from campfires. Shouts call from tents. Herds of ox, ox-goblins, cows, sheep and goats herd in circles surrounded by tents and wagons. Dogs run sround the edge of camps barking animals back to their herd.

Goblins, humans, elves, dwarves, orcs, ogers and gnomes sit, stand and stares. They sit on wagons, logs, stools and chairs. They stand near wagons and campfires. The stare at the reflection over the camps and at the city.

A small town spreads. Hide tenst, wood leantos, fur blankets rise around the camps, herds and people.

Shouts and singing are heard between the gusts of wind.

The road the wagon train rolls span between the town of people camped around the lake the looks like a mirror with a crack.

The wind custs smoke and feces smell. 

A group of soldier wearing shining read hide, black chainmail and boots stomp the edges of the road pushing sitting people from a row of rocks marking the road's edge. Two of the soldiers part the group and walk to the wagon train.

Flare stands, raises hand.

The wagon trains slows and stops. 

William, Spear, Kirra, Minst, Shake and Myst all walk toward flare. 

Guile wakes from sleep and stares to the Rise and at a circle of flat wagons holding square stones with dwarves rubbing hands over the surface. He hears the dwarven tongue talk between a group wearing dirty bown hid and beads braided in beards and a groupd of dwarves without beards or hair on hands clothed in cotton pants and shirts addorned with stitched flowers. 

He stares and hears the talk over the amount of the stone, the cost of the stone, the location of the stone until he hears the goblins soldiers talk near Shake for Guile reads Shake's mind.

Shake steps quick before William and stand next to Flare. 

Flare and the soldiers talks a rapid flow of click and clacks until the pack gathers around.

From around the group of soldiers step from a hugoblin stumbling and spilling drink. The group of soldiers part with on slapping the hugoblin on the side of the head, and the hugoblins falls to the ground. 

Laughter raises and lowers then blows away with the wind.

Flare and the soldier talk and talk. Flare points toward the city and then the wagon trail.

Shake stands near, so Guile hears the sounds and hears the talk.

Minst hears the ones and sees the sounds as marks then translates the talk.

And Myst song of Reighn in her mind blows like horn the meaning of the talk through notes.

Flare and the soldier talk about the contents of the wagon train, they discuss a tribute to the soldiers and the tax for walking the bridge to Goblin Port. The talk of where the wagon train rolled. They discuss how long it will take to  arrange the time for the wagon train to cross the bridge.

,,The want us to bribe them?'' says Minst with a whisper.

Shake says with loud surface talk. ,,Even goblins government is corrput.''

The soldier reaches to grab Shake's neck. 

Shake ducks and spins and pulls knife from sheath.

William steps and pushes Shake back and knocks to side the soldiers forearm.

The group of soldiers pulls short swords and raise small shields.

People stare. Talk stops.

Guile laughs feel and hearing the talk as he lays on the last wagon. He stands and hears the talk around Shake and feels Shake's buzz.

Shake shakes and feels a void of speed buzz or blood.

Spear feels Flare's tension and fear and sees Shake's body radiate hate and rage.

Spear step barrelled chest into the face of the soldier before Flare feeling the fear from the soldier become rage as soldiers click and clack quick high pitched.

Guile feels the fear the soldier near Flare and before Spear. Guile feels the fear through Shake and feels the want to run and hide from an image of the mind of the soldier hearing the clicks and the clack of the tongue. Guile thinks to Shake. >Goblin know surface talk.<

,,You know the surface talk,'' says Shake. ''You know what I'm saying.'' Shake looks at Spear. ''Listen to Spear unless you have two entgoblins to kill.''

Spear stands before the soldier and looks down. His huge fists clench at side. His stare hits the soldier. ,,We pass,'' says Spear.

The song of Reign in Myst mind clicks and clacks as she says, ,,We pass.'' She hits the drum top.

The soldier steps from William.

The soldlier group clicks and creates a human like laughter. 

Spear push aside to the soldier and step to the group.

William clenches his fist. ,,Flare, you may want to tell the soldier or your shawman to calm or they will die.''

Myst drums and hums with William's words.

The soldiers and the soldier leader near Flare look and step away.

Shake says, ,,May we pass now for on cart of root and swamp weed? Or would you like us to wait?''

Myst strikes drum. Spear steps. 

Flare clicks-clacks loud. The click-clack feel to hit the skin.

The soldier near Flare clicks and clack soft and quick, points to cart.

Farmer-warriors guide the ox-golins off the road, unlatch wagon filled with root and swamp weed then lead the ox-goblins to the road.

The soldier points to wagon, adn the soldier of the group walk and stand around the wagon.

The soldier by Flare waves arm and hand and clicks. 

Spear feels the soldier's fear and anger until Spear walks behind the soldier.

The wagon train and pack roll.

The pack walks at the lead while Guile rolls and walks behind lead by Shake's steps until he finds himself standing as the wagon train rolls away. He steps and run, and his belly bounces and pack shakes under the thick robe of Reigh. Deep breathes blow, and muscles stretch. He jumps and stumbles and falls on the wagon with pack. He chews on root weed and thinks through Shake.

Shake walks with Spear looking here and there. 

,,Didn't they offer a bribe?'' says Minst.

,,The took a bribe,'' say Shake. 

,,So where are we going now? Are we going to the city?'' says Minst.

Shake looks at Minst and steps and walk. ,,I don't know.''

,,Be aware and ready for action,'' says William.

Kirra grips her knives and peers through the people and wagons.

The people and wagons lay circle and surrounds. Casks, boxes, sacks lay stacked. Cages large and small are strapped on wagon backs resting by ox, ox-goblins, cows and bulls. Smoke smoldiers and gusts with the shakding wind.

Sand and frost sting skin and eyes. 

The wagon rolls past wagon trains long and short standing at attention on behond the other other. 

The road remains wide,but narrows with columns and rows of wagons, people and animals. 

The gourn slants, and even Shake sees above the heads of the talk people and pack animals to see...

The lake lays stagnate along the salt flates like a mirror. Light gray clouds, the sun and a circle of large winged beats fying in circles around the lake reflect for lakes surface.

A sprint's distant of desert spans from lake's still edge to the columns of teams of wagon trains and herdes of animals. 

The wide road narrows to a road three wagons wide. Stone walls rise from the road as the road goes and lowers below the water line of the lake. The road travels between the waters of the lake. 

,,The road splits the water,'' says Minst. 

The soldier leading click-clacks.

Flare holds upon a hand. 

The wagon train rolls to a stop.

The pack steps between packs of pressed people and caravans funneld to on half of the road.

Two gates split the road. One gate remains open letting caravan and wagon train rollong from Rise to Set. An open lane and door spreads from the stone walls of the road through the lake to the lake cneter. The other side of the road  is kick, scrapped and stomped with hooves, feet and claws and wagon wheels. 

The pack and wagon train jostle and jerk and push past wood wall, fur, har and flesh. Fur musk, mud, sweat, piss, meat rot and straw dust float in the still between the presed people and wagons. 

The growl of ogre and clack of goblin with the mumble of surface talk create sounds

One growls and bares white fangs from ogre mouth as the soldier and Spear push to groups of soldiers.

The groups of soldiers create a thick gate through an arch that leads to an open road between the stone walls holding back the water of the gate.

Flare click-clacks fast and loud.

The soldier before Flare click-clacks and points.

Three soldiers push and step and stand before the pack. They point here and there. They click-clack. 

An orc push near Spear and the soldier and Flare. 

A stench of sweat fumes. 

The orc speaks sounds that sound like reverse surface talk. It grabs a knife hit.

Two other soldiers step with the orc and poinnt at a wagon train of cages and stone slaps that nearly scrapes against the wood walls of the wagon train lead by Flare.

Then five more soldiers walk and point and point to selves. 

A human wear mud stain studded leather step and shoves to the orc and Spear and screams, ,,MY QUEUE. I GO.''

Clack-clicks and mummbles screams spead.

The pack is pressed.

Shake feels the pressure and grabs a Waterdown gold and ducks between Flare and Spear and pops before the ten soldiers and presses between. ,,Gold,'' he says with normal tone. 

The word gold speaks louder than talk and the soldiers look and stare.

The soliders with shiney red armor and shiney black chain mail before the gats step aside and silence.

A soldier wearing shoulder, arm and leg black plate mail walks a head taller than the goblins and through and stands before shake. The soldier lowers its hugoblin head and click-clacks.

Flare says, ,,Give him gold.''

Shake flips the gold coin and says, ,,Waterdown Gold.''

The soldier catches the gold coin, bite corn. He stares and Shake and peers. Two clicks clack from his mouth.

The soliders part and press the orc, the human and their teams of ox and bulls away from the entance.

A path through the gate and to the road to the Goblin Port clears.

Flare lowers hand and clicks, steps.

The wagon train rolls behind Flare.

The pack follows Flare and leads the wagon train to the road in the water as Guile sits, eats and read Shake's mouth.

The stone wall rise as the road lowers. The cold becomes a freeze and the wind becomes a gust that thrusts through the hall.

One after another the wagon trains, caravans, herds and machine soldiers past to the Rise and Set. A trio of soldiers lead head caravan.

The three soldiers before the pack look back and glance as they lead.

The desert floor become hard, wet. 

The pack walks and become detached after Guile's mind and thoughts leave Shakes mind and thoughts. 

Guile stands and sways then steps to the ground and walks along the wagon train to the pack. 

A long chaing of ox-goblins packed with pack, sacks and saddle bags snort and clomp over the ground. 

Darkness covers.

The sun disappear behind the all and water as the sun fall on the Wane to the Rise.

Guile steps and says, ,,Shall I like a torch?''

,,No,'' says Flare. ''No fire. No magic. No fights.''

Flare slows steps to step with Spear and glances back. ,,This is the Bridge to Goblin Port. It is open as the light shines. During night no travel.''

,,How many times have you been through this, this tunnel?'' says Minst.

Shake lifts dagger. ,,And if I give one a stab.''

,,Any break of the rules will mean arrest,'' says Flare. She glances at Minst and looks forward. ''I have walked bridge many times.''

,,What will we-'' says William. 

William's words are lost by wind, squeaks and creaks of wagons and sorts of ox-goblins.

The wind settles.

William says again. ,,What are we approaching? Will getting into the Goblins Port cost as much to ride the tunnel?''

Wind gusts and bows against and slows step.

Guile's robe hood blows off head.

Flare waits for another wind gust whistler to quiet.

,,An open gate. The walls of the keep. And the city.'' Flare steps.

The wagon rolls. The wind blows cold through the darkness.

The pack walks with the pounds of Myst's drums, the blusters of the ox-goblins over the hard salt road.

The road dips then rises slow and steady as the sun lowers. 

Shadows caste to cover the bridge with darkness. As the sun dips below the Set horizon, the pack and the wagon train peak and a flat plain above the walls and the lake.

White sands spreads for the edge of the stagnate lake to gigantic doors and  white wall rising as hight as two full growth trees and curves around the land until the wall flows into a mountain. The gigantic doors as thick as home lay open to the Rise and chained to spikes as big as human.

The mountains on either side of the wall rise to near perfect peaks like perfect cones. 

A white stained tower rises above and beyond the walls and with the mountains. 

Before the tower, and atop the white walls and at tiers of the mountain large ballista pivot, lower and raise. 

Soldier wearing black and red walk the wall width with a line of soldiers standing shoulder to shoulder from one end of the grand entrance to the other. 

,,Wow,'' says Minst.

,,It is impressive.'' Flare looks at the soldiers above and walks to the three soldiers standing next to the podium.

Myst stops her drum taps and stares.

William steps back and shuffles. 

Spear nods. ,,If there are Gods, this is the door to their home.''

The wagon train roll slows. 

The three soldiers before the wagon train and the pack walk to a small podium by the Wane door chained to the ground. 

,,Where are we?'' says Guile. 

,,Goblin Port,'' says Minst. He smile and winks at Guile. 

,,A jail,'' say Kirra.

,,Destiny,'' says Myst.

William looks at Myst. ,,Destiny. Yes.''

,,What about her? Flare.'' Shake steps close to the pack as the pack spreads over the lane to into the walls. ''Do we trust her? Can we hope she don't sell us out for something.''

,,Trust,'' says Spear. ''Flare will help.''

Flare feels Spear warmth of trush as she steps to the podium with the trio of soldiers. She stands and watches while hearing the trio and the Receievin Officer confirm and report and verify the load. 

The guard troupe leaving the walls of the city to pulls on unlatch the chain the the wax side door. Soldiers march along the shore of the river and push a team of ox-goblins strapped with packs toward the bridge away from the city. The soldier behind the podium marks a paper and gives the paper to on of the three soldiers. The soldier with the paper tosses the paper at Flare and walk way toward the Set.

Flare walks with the paper to the pack. ,,WE will enter.'' She raise a hand and the ox-goblin bluster, kick and walk. Wagon wheels roll.

A horn is sounded.

The large door to the Wax slowly closes creating a low moan is felt to fright many.

Torches ignite along the walls, the mountains and the walls of the Bridge to the Goblin Port.

The sun sets and darkness castes over the wagon train as it rolls into the city.

Flare steps from the podium and walks to and through the giganitc arch rising taller than Coal's place in Lyno, taller than the goblins tower burn to the ground in Westmore Canoyns. The arch reaches high enough to make the iginting flame tips be dots.

Beyond the acrch two walls span to another arch creating a hall of titans.

Spots of flame clubs dot and shine on wall top.

A vibration rattles from the wall and ground and all around.

All the pack looks around then back.

The door to the Wax lane slowly swings to close. Tens of tens of hobgobins push pull the gigantic door to the Wax.

Flare clicks louds. 

The click causes the ox-goblins to bluster, heads of farmer-warrrios to look forward, the wagon train to move fast. 

A soldiers shouts through the talk along hall to another gigantic arch. The shout echoes...

The moan of the door vibrates through tall wall halls through the thick walls.

The thick walls rise high. Sihlouettes of soldiers walk before and behind torch and floating globe light. Sihlouette walk past bar covered windows in rows and columns along the wall. 

BOOM! shakes through the hall and Wax wall. The groun stack.

The Wax gigantic door shuts. Tens of tens goblins fassen chains handing from door into holes in ground.

Flare clicks loud.

The wagon rolls to a slow turn to lamp light, window lights, buildling lights along the edges of an opens space surrouned by stone and wood bulidings blocked 

Wagons, people rolls and step over square stone floor to streets wide and small between the buildign and houses. 
                 
The cold stone floor greets the feet of Spear. 
  
A soldier shouts near Flare. 

Flare clicks back. She clicks louts and poinst to the Wax. 

Soldiers part a path for the wagon train. Soldiers walk along the wide open space. Soldiers sit along chais and walkways before the buildings.

Groups of humans, elves, dwarves, gnomse, goblinkin dressed in hide, leather, cotton, silk pants, dresses, cloaks, ropes, shirts and boots, shoes. Scabbards and quivers shine slivers and coppers against the torch light.

The torch light burns from the clubs at the corners of walkways along the building fronts. Flaming clubs brun through the wide space marking soldiers path's  to and from the many roads.   

The soldier torch paths lead wagon trains, herds and groubes along roads along the open cove of stone in buildings.

The buildings rise on an incline as the stone cover become roads rise to the Rise and lay flat to the wax and wane. The build raise from stone base three level from base and one to six level higher with wood. Wood decks and awniing hang along the walls.

Window lights side to the Rise as the building peak when the end edges of the two mountains looming to the Wax and Rise lower to meet the ground. Window lights and torche lights and magical glob glows rises along a tower rising at the peak of a rising hill through the city. 

The tower top appears to over from darknes. 

Flame torches burn everywhere through the city. Hundreds and thousands of window light flicker.

Talk of the creatures walking along the walks and roads  fill the sounds of blusters and wagon wheels and maching steps of soldiers.

Soldiers lead Flare, the pack and the wagon trail through the cement cover and along a roag between the looming large wall and buildings short and tall creatin a wide path to the wax. Pairs and small groups walk along stone and wood walkways in and out of store fronts. Beyond the store fronts maskes, cloths, hammars, wheels, steel and aile and spirts are seen. Soldiers tackles a mucled dwarf to the ground near the soldiers leading the pack and wagon train. 

The soldiers lear with slumped soldiers and idle clicks and clacks in pairs. Four soldier walk near Flare. Four soldiers walk near rear.

Guile peers at the hugoblins trailling the rear. He sees the goblinkin yawn, sight, and rub shouldres.

The soldiers slumped backs lowers. Hands hold limb the hilts of swords to hold their scabbards steel. Small shields are strapped to pack.

The pack walks close behind flare letting eyes neither stare nor glare at the soldiers.

,,Where do we go?'' says Minst.

,,To the tower,'' says William.

Shake looks at the soldiers. ,,Maybe a place where we can talk withouth soldiers over hearing what we are saying?'' He looks at William. ''Maybe.''

,,Yes,'' says Spear. 

KIrra peers and looks over the soldiers near. ,,I am going to kill all the soldiers.''

Flare looks back.

William glances.

The soldiers near talk with clam flow. The look forward with slow step and point to the sky.

,,They don't hear,'' say Kirra.

Shake steps near Kirra. ,,Or they are good at what they do? Maybe? ...Maybe? They know.'' Shake peers soldiers.

The soldiers walk with slumped shouders. One laughs.

,,Shake,'' says William. ''Where's the vial of speen?''

,,I'm not on speed. I am magic free. I don't need that to feel paraniod about...About...'' Shake looks at the soldiers.

A door bursts open. Shouts and sharp clicks lead the sight of a human laying from door to the stone path before bar front. 

A pair soldiers rus from a sit to a stand then a leap to grabs the human on the ground and a hugblin wearing shoulder plates and chain mail. 

People stand, watch, cheers.

Peopl walk past for and against the flow of the wagon train.

The soldiers of the wagon train step around the arresting soldiers adn the two bar fighting beings.

Wiffs of stale ale, fried fat smoke and piss breeze past through the cold. 

Chatter, laughter and ox-goblins blusters begin to create a loud ambient sound. Drums and guitars song play from a door way and through windows of rooms and pubs. A small child human plays a drum at the corner of boarded building.

The notes play with Myst's mind and her soul. Her soul sings sting notes like William's song and a rough poet voice like Shake's and her throat singing giving her calm and focus to feel the feeling of the souls around through their song.

Their song sings through Myst and to the pack. She feels the confusion of being drunk; the labor of hauling wagons; the thrill of playing cards for money; the soothing song of a bard playing guitar; the lost thought of not knowing where to go; the hope of life; the fear of death.

People crowds thin. Window lights become dim or black. The roads spaning from th wax go to the darkness.

Stove smoke blows and settles the smell. Cold spreads with the smell.

Guild shivers as he sits on the wagon at the end of the wagon train. He stands and walks on sore cold feet. Jogs sore muscles ong the wagon train ot the pack and Myst's humm for the song in her mind.

William grabs his guitar. ,,May we be off to the bar or a public house with lots of talk.''

,,You could sing our way to out path. '' Shake glances at Myst and looks at the soldiers. ''Maybe we can find a branch of Branching?'' 

Guile huff and heaves breath as he stubmles from a jog to a walk past Spear. ,,Branching,'' he heaves. ''I...can...get...us...''

,,FLARE,'' says Spear.

Flare slows steps, and she and Spear walk.

,,Where do we walk? When can we talk? And leave for our path?''

Flare says with normal surface talk tone for only Spear to hear. Her talk like a mumble to others. ,,We walk toward a depot warehouse. The wagons will be weighed, unloaded and weighted. We will be given a receipt and permits for ten cycles. After permits are given we are free to spend our money.''

Shake who hears even a mumble says, ,,Can the permits get us into the tower?'' He smirks.

William says, ,,Permits? Tower? What?''

Spear looks around the pack. ,,We walk. We remain silent. We watch.''

The pack walk. The wagon rolls.

The road bend with the wall and the buildings blocks. Square buliding blocks near an equal grid because building blocks curving with the street and the wall.

The people, the soldierss and partrons span to a few people here and there. The torches become few. The windows are shuttered and dark. Wooden sights with relief carvings of anviles, amers, a horse, coins and sacks sway with the gusts and breeze of cold throug the streets.

At top the curving wall, white light balls hover. A few sihlouettes walk its top.

The road inclines and rises with a slope. 

The buildings become warehouses and small shacks. A few publica houses on the side of ware houaes beam light and fume smoke and ale.

The wagon train rolls along a street. 

The pack walk in silence.

The soldier follow a trained trance.

They walk. Wheels roll.

Then Flare clicks a clack that snaps all from their stare. Myst's stong of soothing sounds left resonate from the entrance skips and become noise.

Light appears as the wagon train curves with the road. The light floods the street illuminating the shadows to light. 

Hammer clangs, loud ox-goblin blusters, shouts of surface talk and clicks of click-clack. 

A herd of bulls pulling flat wagons rolls from the light and to with street.

The pack walk to the light.

The light illuminates a wide road with sides full of boxes, crates, log stackes, stone stacks, barrels, casks and rope tied cows blustering and stomping. People run and shout between wagons and carts. Teams of workers lift boxes from carts, stack casks, pull on ropes about cows' necks.

A soldiers stumbles to a pair of soldiers leading the wagon train, talks, then stumbles to Flare. Fume of spirit sweat clouds around Flare and the pack. A slow, soft clack-clicks the soldier speaks.

Flare nods head, waves arm, guides the pack and wagon train along the road and rucus. They roll past large doors along ware house opening to a deep and tall area stancked adn arranged. People and animals watch them pass and roll to  clear area before large door into the warehouse.

The stumblin soldiers stops, whistles then walk away and grabs a mug from the hands of another soldier leaning against a far wall watching the choas and order.

The wagons stop. And flare begins to guide each cart one by one to a plate embedded into the ground. The wagon rolls onto the panel, waits for a count of ten then rolls into the warehouse where the farmer-warriors unlaod the sacks.

,,What are they doing?'' says Minst.

Flare points to the panel flush with the ground. ,,The panel weights the wagon and load. The sacks are removed. The wagon is weighted.'' She looks at Minst. ''We get paid.''

William shrugs and nods head back. ,,Then you take us to a place to talk, rest, plan.''

Flare nods.

William steps into the warehouse toward the carts and unload sacks from carts to stacks. 

Flare, Spear and Kirra follow William and unload carts.

A few people shout above the talk. Smoke from a two fires burning from barrels floats around.

Minst shives and puts hands between armpits. He stombs feet. 

Shake peers at shining dull knifes, lusterlesses belts and fray pant and shirts dirt stained. ,,Worthless,'' he says. He puts hands into pits and walks to a fire burning from stone hole in the ground.

The fire pops.

The pop cords Myst's minds and she steps in kind to the firepit.

Myst follows feeling left alone with only Guile to keep company.

Areound the fire a few of the pack gather warming hands and bodies with farmers wearing rope belts, heavy hides and hand sickles at side. A few blacksmiths with soot stained finger nails and fire burnt skin stand. All stare at the fire silent.

Shake begins to hum. Myst hits drum. Minst stands and hears.

The sound travels to Guile, but Guile wanders from the opening along the street to other carvans and wagon trains unloading.

Guile mental shouts from mind and wait to find the echoes of the short memories of thought around...

Shake feels Guile's mental shout having be letting out his own mind. Shake looks at the fire and says, ,,Long trip from Lyno.''

A thin man with wide mustache raise head to look from under a brimmed hat. ,,Lyno. How do you get through from Lyno.''

Shake nods to William, Spear, Kirra and Flare in warehouse. ,,Might makes right.''

Another human clears throat. ,,Lyno for swamp weed.'' He grins wide showing missing teeth. ''Only those stinky gnomes like swamp weed. And no swamp weed comes from Lyno.''

The other human laughs and twists the end of mustache. ,,Lyno.''

,,Is there swamp weed in Lyno?'' says the toothless mouth. 

Shake rubs hands and lowers them to the top of the flame. ,,There are peope with money who want protection.''

The toothless on looks into the warehouse at Speer, William, Kirra, Flare. ,,Those your boys.''

,,They can lead armies or fight them,'' Shake grins and nods.

,,What are you? The theif?'' says the toothelss man. He sucks on lips. 

Shake peers at the toothless man. 

The three men look at Shake as Shake peers. Two glance at William, Spear and kirra.

Shake grabs his knife hilt. 

Minst looks at Shake. ,,Are you-''

,,SPEED,'' says Shake. He smiles. ''Speed the Bard. Every great leader needs a bard to tell the tale.'' Shake standsup right. ''And who do I speak with, so I may include you in our tale.''

The three look at each other. Two say fast. ,,Grig.'' ,,Jilt.'' The toothless mans says, ,,Toothless.'' Toothless smile.

,,Have you been to Lyno,'' says Shake.

,,Not going thorugh the goblin front,'' says grit.

,,Got war engines rolling, soldiers. An army marches from here every Rise,'' says Jilt.

,,How,'' says Minst.

,,Well, the walk out. Ride on carts?'' Grit looks at Minst. ''How else? Fly?''

Shake shrugs and nods head back. ,,Inst here can fly, so yes flying, but I believe Inst was queiring how the army gets to the city?''

Jilt shrugs.

Grit says, ,,Don't know.''

Toothless licks gums and chops. ,,Talk will get you arrested.''

,,Arrested,'' says Shake. ''Not a jail I can't sing from.'' Shake looks from Rise to Set and sees...

Two soldiers leaning against a distant walk drinking from cups.

''They're in no worries.'' says Shake. ''And I have no care for the army. We are only looking for some fun. A pub to stay. Maybe venter beyond teh wall to the twoer.''

Toothless laughs, ,,Beyond those walls are the horrors the roam the desert. Dark lives there adn doesn't like your light.''

Grit says quick, ,,Walkedbythere once. Walked quick. Scared.''

Jilt shifts and suffles. ,,Hearing about it make me nervous.''

,,I think I see those soldiers looking knw,'' says Grit.

Toothless chuckles. ,,You two spooked.'' He looks at Shake. ''And Speed here ain't no bard. He's a theif looking for graves to loot.''

,,I am looking from an audience to sing the tales of Branching and of Waterdown,'' says Shake. ''I am wanted to have a sip of ale and relax and enjoy the city.''

,,The Hauler got dancers. Drums.'' says Grit.

Jilt nods, ,,Grendles.'' He looks at Shake. ''Grendles have a singer. Shes got something.''

,,Not as good as that dwarf we heard the other night,'' says Jilt.

,,If you could get in.'' Toothless looks at Shake. ''Not standing in the cold no matter the music.''

,,What's the dwarves name?'' says Shake.

,,Carlos the Barded Dwar,'' says Jilt. He plays air guitar. ''His subby fingers can play.''

,,Never heard a dwarf talk like that. And sing,'' says Grit.

Jilt nods. ,,Sing like a siren. And he's just a shaggy old dwarf. Thought they could only play the drum.

Guile focues and create a thougth punch.

Jilt's head explodes with pain then fades to an ache. Jilt squints and shakes head. ,,Got me a rush of pain.''

Grit nods at the fire and smoke. ,,Too much smoke.''

,,Too much loose talk,'' says Guile. He grabs the hilt of his dagger. 

Shake says, ,,Where's that Carlos playing?'' He throws arm over Guile and presses body against Guile's arm and Heart Dagger. ''Is he good?''

Jilt nods and walks way.

Grit looks at Jilt and steps. ,,Carlos is good. Good good. I wasn't...'' He looks at Jilt and steps. ''Rise and Set. At the Rise and Set.'' Grit steps, smiles at Shake and walks after Jilt.

Toothless stands rubbing hands over fire. ,,Don't believe your can change the faith or steal this city.'' He looks at Shake. ''It will steal you.''

,,How long have the goblins controlled the city?'' says Myst with her hum.

Toothless's face relaxed and peer at Shake is a look at Myst. ,,Many lives of people.'' 

Myst hum's the song feeling the song play with the sounds of lumping frieght. 

''They claimed the city forty seasons ago.'' says toothless with the hum of Myst's song. ''First soldier and army rolled from the city eight season ago.'' 

Myst's vibrates throught, hums with mouth. 

Toothless's look becomes a stare. His lower jaw falls until he talks. ''They come from the Rise. I've never seen, but have heard the city is a teleport hub. I can says that no army ever rolls into the city. They only roll out. Do it a lot. All light long.''

Shake tries to sing with Myst's song, but what comes out is more spoken word, ,,Do you know how the passes work to be in the city. Will they tell the soldiers when we have left the city?''

Toothless take like a spoke word duet to myst's song. ,,The paper they give is magical and must be held tight. They will find you during the night or the light when the time is no more.'' Toothless looks at Myst. ''I have seen men try to remain beyond the papers time. They soon did find soldiers and shades and hear their chimes. Taken away they were to beyond the city. People say those who remain and are caught are fed to the creatures of the tower or the desert.'' He licks his lips. He clears his throat. ''That's all I know.''

,,Thank you,'' says Myst.

Toothless shakes head, coughs and steps away. ,,Good luck with your travels.''

,,May your trail guide you to a fate of money,'' says Shake. ''I WILL SING TO YOU.'' Shake say, in normal tone. ''Only if I die before I leave this city.''

,,Don't be talking of death,'' says Minst. ''We don't know.''

Guile pushes Shake's arm from shoulder. ,,I will show them goblin death.''

,,That's not a goblin,'' says Minst.

Guile steps from the fire.

,,Guile,'' says Shake. ''No. We need to be at the Rise and Set. Remeber that name. Rise and Set. We need to find Rise and Set.''

,,Carlos,'' says Myst. ''I doubt Carlos would be here. Fate be the Gods, but the Gods can not be controlling him to be here.'' She pulls her cloak over shoulders, loo
ks at Shake. ''And you want to go to Carlos?''

,,Yes,'' says Shake. He leans over the flames letting face light up. ''I'll kill him after he tells us why he set us up. I want to know why he caused all this. He did this. He's the one that got us to follow him.'' He's lite face goes stern. ''He's the one that laid this trap. He's the one that put that dragon in the swamp. The same dragon that attacked us in that town. That town. What ever swamp city we were at. There. And you think this is chance? No. No. He was in love with William's great grand mother mother mother. It's chance. It's time to calm.'' Shake tremors. Jaw clenches tension.

People watch the quartet arond the fire then look and carry on.

,,Calm, Shake,'' says Myst. ''I believe the fates will offer us no Carlos.''

,,Carlos may help,'' says Minst. He looks at Shake. ''If it's Carlos.''

Shake grabs his knife.

Minst lowers his voice. ,,He could help us into the tower.''

,,That's why he is here,'' says Shake. He pulls knife and points tip to teh rise. ''He wants us in the tower. He wants us there. He's waiting for us in that public house, waiting, singing and wanting for us to come.'' Shake steps back. ''And he'll come. And we will go. We will. Like the sheep on the mountain. He will. We will...''

,,Shake,'' says Myst. She looks over at William.

William hears a sharp loud note and looks at Myst.

Shake steps from the fire.

A soldier against the walk stands and walks toward Shake.

,,Shake,'' says Myst.

Shake says with his loud talk, ,,Anyone know where the Rise and Set public house is?''

William steps fast over the stone warehouse floor to the cold night. 

The soldiers against the wall stumble to Shake.

Shake hollers, ,,WHere's the Rise and Set?''

Workers, farmer-warrios and the pack look at Shake.

,,Guile,'' says Myst. ''Make his mind quiet.''

,,No,'' says Guile. he closes eyes, shouts and echo at the two soldiers, feels the anger through a fuzz of wine, connects a stran of energy from their minds to his with the rage, the shoots a rock of energy at the fuzz of wine.

Two soldiers fall near a group of workers lifting a stone statues. Laughter spreads. 

People lookup from lifting, stacking and hauling. They smile and some point.

Shake looks at the people point toward the two soldies and him. ,,STOP LOOKING.''

,,SHAKE,'' hollers William. 

Shake's name echoes between buildings thorugh alleys and roads.

Shake looks at William. His knife holding hand lowers. Shake looks at William.

William's face it taut, jaw pulses, guantlet fist is clenched. 

Myst sees William's face and sings a tone the is light.

Shake steps back.

William steps past Myst to Shake, hears the sound near a song. A song with his guitar plucks in his mind and plucks along the taut anger energy in mind.

His fists relaxs, jaw hangs loose and a calm vibrates throug his body. His stern voice still speaks. ,,Help unload Shake.'' He breathes.

Shake shrugs shoulders and nods head back. He steps and follows William.

William, Shake, Kirra, Spear and Flare help upload the carts.

Minst, Guile and Myst warm around the fire and wander around the warehouse.

The last wagon is weighed, and a sack of coinds is tossed at Flare. 

,,Money,'' says a hunged hobgoblin. Its body arches like bow. A group of soldiers stand behind the hobgoblins. Another groups stands around the pack adn through the warehouse area where the root and swamp weed ws unpacked.

The farmer-warriors stare at the money pouch from the wagon train lined outside with the wagons. 

Flare grips the sacks and opens. She counts.

The pack stands. 

Myst, Guile and Minst watch from a far. Myst hums with lips. 

Minst and Guile feel bliss. 

Guile stands.

Minst says, ,,Why are you here, Guile?''

Guile stares into the smoke. Eyes sting and wash with tears. ,,I need change for I want to control too much.'' Guile shouts a mental ping. He waits to the ring and the string of thought, but the thought becomes lost in rambling images and connection between mannerisms, tone of clicks, facial movements. 

,,What are you thinking, Guile,'' says Minst.

Guile looks at Minst. ,,Of mannerisms, tones, habits, ticks, social sums then finding common classifications of traits amoung reigons. Then use the standard information of the region use the information to help me read the minds and control the forms of the people.''

Myst sings a low tone.

Minst grins. ,,How you read our minds?''

,,Shakes,'' says Guile. ''Because he lets me.''

Shake hears his name and glances at the trio by the smoking fire. ,,I want my permit.'' 

Flare says, ,,Section Soldier, we request permits.''

The hunched hobgoblin Section Solder turns head and looks at Shake. 

Shake winks. ''Got a few coin to spend.'' 

The Section Solder slaps thin claw fingers over a stachel. ,,You have ten rises.'' The Section Solder looks to each face of the pack and the farmer-warriors. ''All over ten Rises. If you have more money to spend or business conduct bring receipts or contracts and gold to a field box.'' The Section Solder raises a piece of parchment the size of hand. ''Before the page is blank, leave.''

Shake grabs the paper from the Section Soldier's hand. 

A soldier near reaches for Shake, but shake evades with a step and a sip while saying, ,,Peace for your gift, Section Soldier.'' Shake bows.

The soldiers stepping near stand at attention.

The Section Soldiers pulls another sheet from roll and lifts. ,,All must have. Take one.''

,,INST!'' says Shake. ''WE NEED PAPERS.''

Before Minst, Guile and Myst hear Shake shout at them, Minst says, ,,Have tried to read our minds?''

,,Yes,'' says Guile. 

,,How you tried to read my mind?'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

Myst stop the music. ,,Why?''

,,Change. And defense.'' Guile looks at Minst.

Myst says, ,,I do not want you seeing my mind.''

Guile looks at Myst. ,,I will not read your mind.''

,,Read,'' says Minst. ''Like a book. Is it that easy.''

Guile looks at Minst, says, ,,It is as easy as the mind.''

The fire burns to smoke.

Then Shake shouts. ,,WE NEED PAPERS.''

Guile eteps from smoldering coals.

Myst and Minst look at the other.

Minst steps and walk between soldiers to pack and hunged section soldier, grabs paper. He looks at paper, ,,What are the black suns on the paper represent?''

,,A rise,''  says the section soldiers. The section soldiers looks at Minst then says while looking from each of the pack. ''A rise and a black sun burns from page. When the page is blank be beyond the city?''

Minst looks over the parchment. ,,What if we don't leave the city? Can't we just discard these paper?.'' He opens settled eyelids to see wide the chrono magic and the illusion magic woven into the fibers of the paper.

The section soldier look at Minst. ,,The paper has your soul scent.''

Minst looks at the paper rolls in the Section Soldier's fist.

Alteration, illusion and chrono magic radiate from the paper rolls.

,,What if some one else touches it?'' says Shake as he presses the papers into the plams of the soldier before the soldier can move.

,,The scroll is altered only once. The first touch,'' says Minst.

Guile looks at Minst. He rolls his parchment and slides it into a pocket of the rope of reighn. 

A wiff of shit fumes from Guile.

,,A bathe,'' says Guile. ''This rope clean.''

,,Rise and Set,'' says Shake.

Section soldiers points to Myst. ,,It needs papers.''

,,It,'' says William. ''She. Yes, she needs papers''

,,Papers, Myst,'' says Spear.

Farmer-warriors grab papers and step to ox-goblins and wagons.

Myst hears Spear from total silence. She hears the ox-goblins bluster, the count of workers to lift, a shout to stop, loud clicks.

She steps from smoldering coals, between soldiers and grabs paper.

Flare grabs paper.

,,Questions?'' says the Section Soldiers.

Shake says, ,,Where can we get another paper?''

,,You may submit request to a section box.'' The hogoblins walks a half circle, looks to the Rise and the Wane, raises hand and points at a black box the size of a large shack. ''A section box. Takes one sun to grant or deny more time. Come day before.'' The Section Soldiers hobbles between the back and along the stone floor of warehouse. 

One by one the soldiers step from their stand or lean to walk a wide formation with the Section Soldier through the warehouse.

Minst looks at all the papers held by the pack. Spear's paper glows alteration, chrono and ilusion. ,,Your alteration of your papers remains magic.''

Spear looks at Minst.

Minst stares with Spear. ,,You are magic resistant.''

Shake reaches for Spear's paper, but Spear extends arm up and raises paper. ,,No.''

,,Shake,'' says William.

,,Where's the hobgoblins and goblinkin?'' says Shake. He looks back.

The section soldier and soldiers stand around wagons, mules and bundles of straw.

Flare glances at Shake.

Guile feels Flare's flash of rage, says, ,,Rise and Set? It has a bathe. I want a cauldron of hot water and my families herbs and spices to sooth the skin.''

,,I thought you liked being dirty,'' says Myst.

Minst says, ,,He's not that dirty.''

Shake steps. ,,Rise and Set.''

,,And how do we find this Rise and Set?'' says William.

,,Flare,'' says Shake. ''Do you know Rise and Set?''

Flare glares at Shake. ,,Are their other humans around?'' She steps to Shake. ''You say goblins like its death.''

Shake shrugs and nods head back. ,,Yes.'' He stares with Flare. ''I will learn to say it with pride.'' Shake looks at the other farmer-warriors. ''When will you be traveling back.''

,,They will be returning during the Rise,'' says Flare. 

Shake says, ,,I hope your journey be safe and your lives be victorious.''

Flare peers at Shake. She looks at Spear. ,,I feel to remain with the pack.''

Spear feels a glow of energy from the thought that cools while feeling the force of Blue not felt since the throwing of war hammer to slay the entgoblin. ,,Flare remains,'' say Spear. ''If Flare wants to remain.''

Flare nods

,,And Blue?'' says William.

,,When near the Shaman if do not feel Blue?'' says Flare.

Kirra looks at Flare. ,,Where's Jan?''

Flare  looks at Kirra. ,,Jan is a tree?''

Shake claps his hands. ,,And we are going to Rise and Set for food and bathe.''

,,Why the Rise and  Set?'' says William.

,,Carlos,'' says Minst, but Shakes loud talk over takes Minst voice.

,,Food and bathes and good music. Our acquatence Toothless said the scene is great for the people to be. Rise and Set.'' Shake says.

William says, ,,Carlos.''

Shake steps from the pack. He raises an open palm toward the farmer-warriors. ,,May your journey be short. And your coin spend across the plains.''

The farmer-warriors pull wagons to hitch ox-goblins, spread swamp wee before the 0x-goblins, inspect wheels. A few farmer-warriors look at Shake and nod.

Flare looks back, clicks and clacks then says, ,,Secret and silent the departure is best, Shake.''

Shake nods. ,,Do you know where Rise and Set be?'' 

,,No,'' says Flare. 

,,Carlos,'' says William. ''Why did you says Carlos?''

Minst touches the spine of his spell book. ,,The one who wanted to be named toothless said that some bearded dwarf was singing. The other two people with him thought it was Carlos the barded dwarf.''

,,Carlos,'' says William. ''Where's the Rise and the Flare?''

A click-clack rap echoes the warehouse and surface talk voice shouts. ,,LEAVE THE WAREHOUSE WHEN UNLOADED!''

Flare steps. ,,WE have ten rises.''

The pack steps.

,,We need to find Rise and Set,'' says Shake.

,,Carlos,'' says William.

,,A bath. A nice room to sleep.'' Shake steps and sees Toothless. ''TOOTHLESS!''

Toothless looks up from hunch over crate. A pit squirms in the plate.

,,WHERE IS RISE AND SET?'' says Shake.

A few workers laugh and pivto heads. 

Toothless says, ,,RISE AND SET.''

,,YES, RISE AND SET,'' says Shake.

The warehouse is silent.

People stare.

Toothless swats hand Shake's way and looks at the pig in crate.

Shake grabs kinfe hilt. ,,Swat at me-''

,,I believe the name is the name of a street cross section,'' says MInst.

,,LEAVE THE WAREHOUSE WHEN BUSINESS DONE!'' shouts a voice.

The farmer-warriors move the wagon and lead the ox-goblins from the ware house and to the street along the wall.

Spear smirks and steps.

The pack then Shake follows Spear.

Minst sees a post at the intersection far a part from one ned to another end of a closed warehouse. ,,There are posts. I guess there are on the post.''

Shake says, ,,And out of all the posts in the city you know the one that reads Rise and Set.''

,,No,'' says Minst.

Shake walks backward and makes a horn with hands around mouth. ,,WHERE IS RISE AND SET.''

Click and clacks thunk. A human voice shouts loud, ,,QUIET. And walk to the Wall Road.''

The sounds sound from two of a group of soldiers walking in an eight by eight cube toward the pack.

,,Bored,'' says Spear. He reaches back for the bastard sword handle. ''Could use a workout more than a spare and or match.''

William says, ,,Heed their rage my kind friend for their deaths will be easy to have, but difficult to keep.''

Spear grabs his bastard sword hilt. ,,William, you are no fun.'' He takes the hand on the hilt of the bastard sword and slaps William's back. ''I heed your wisdom.''

The pack heeds the direction and follows the wagon train from the warehouse street to the street aloong the wall of the city. They walk with the wagon train as it rolls.

The street spans from building and city blocks dark and quiet with soldiers walking along the streets and standing at corners.

The street shines along the intersection streets. Wall Street is labelle on one of two slates that point along the streets.

The darkness of the house becomes light. A few windows above the street level shine candle light. Two people stand as sihlouettes on a balcony. A group of people dressed in dresses and suits stand near the door as puffs of smoke billow from their mouths. 

Shake steps from the pack. ,,Excuse me, good people. I am in need of direction, a bath and new cloths.'' He lights a bow.

A mumbling and clicks and clacks from the group go silent. A few of th people peer at Shake.

Shake slights a bow, ,,Pardon for the interruption, but We ware in need to find Rise and Set.''

One of the poeple, a hugoling whearing a cumberbun with suits. A few others of the group laugh.

Flare hears the hugoblin insult Shake. She steps lifes shield and slams the shield in the face of the hugoblins.

A few soldiers sitting stand.

Flare clicks quick and fast past the understanding of Guile and the song of Myst to translate to her. She grabs the hugoblins in suit hit with shield and pushes the person to the height of Shake.

Blood trickles and drips from the hugoblin's shiney pointed nose.

Shake looks at Flare then the hugoblins then the soldiers standing.

,,Rise Set is by the gate,'' says the hugoblins with clicks and clacks around the words spoke. 

Flare pushes the hugolbins in suit into the group and steps on the corner of the walkway to the soldiers. 

The wagon train rolls along, but Sear and William stop and step to Falre.

The two soldiers look at Williand Spear and nod and walk into the public house.

Flare walks with Spear and William

Shake nods and bows at the hugoblins wearing suit. ,,I give thanks to you.''

The pack and the wagon train rolls along the dim lite streets to bright lite streets.

The bright lite street shines slime and grime over the stone slaps and water and much shining in the cracks between the cracks of the roads.

A herd of ox-goblins are tied to a post. One pisses.

People stand and walkk and talk. 

The lights of the windows shine more than are dim. Shutters are open and sihlouette people standing, talking, wrestling sitting. Smoke streams from smoke stacks. Laughter and talk of click-clacks, surface talk, dwarven and a high and low pitched tone talk.

Guile peers through the people standing before a building under the awning with the sighn. ,,Hit The Wall.'' He sees two elves, five dwarves, humans, goblins then the gnomes. ,,Gnomes,'' says Guile.

The gnomes stand shorter than Shake at full height. Their bodies to Guile look like an elf was squished a forearm's length making the thin sleak lines of an elf look stubby and wrinlked of a gnome.

Gnomes wearing thick black shirts and pants that make them look like reactangles stand before shops, between elves, humans, orc, ogres, goblins and soldiers.

Soldiers walk in groups of two, four and eight. The march  from the dark to the light from the streets to Wall Road. Bars, dining stores, general stores, forges, hostles, gaming halls fill buildings along the road and a few buidings fro the Wall Roads. 

Flame lights burn from street posts along the Wall Road then flame a city block deep into the roads that span to the Rise and to the dark.

A team of ox pulling wagons with caskes marked with goblins scratch roll past. 

Two fighting people, a human and an ogre, spreads to a group at the front of a gaming hall.

Soldiers circle the spreading fight and contain the rage by standing shoulder to shoulder with small shields foward and short swords to sides.

The wagons roll. 

The pack strolls.

Shake walks at the edge and brush backs and belts and scabbards. He lifts a silver case from a pack pocket and unclips the chain from rosewrs.  

Guile sees the theft as he reads Shake's mind. He feels the slight of hand and heas of movement to slide a silver case from a tight backpoocket, unhook its latch while walking and looking forward starring at a soldiers.

Shake and the soldier nods.

The soldier wallks past Shake and the pack.

The pack walk with the wagon train.

The wagon trains slows and stops.

The people, noise and light are bright and loud. Torches and glowing globes shine the street, the walls the buildings, the alleys. Wagons, animals and people jostle Wax and Wane along the street. 

Teh talk becomes a wall of noise that the pack enters as the wagon train jerks forward.

To the Wane, the open space and the gigantic gates loom from the Wall Road adn the buildings with balconeys, flashign llights, suttered windows, dancing ladies dressed in silks and near naked men leashed and lead by dirty warriors and cloaked beings. 

Drums and guitars play from the loud noise creating a discourse thorugh the mind.

,,WHERE IS THE RISE AND SET,'' hallers Shake to everyones. 

Everyone pushes agains the pack as they wak into the crowded open space from the gigantic doors.

The wagon train stops behind anohter empty wagon train in a line of wagin trains waiting to roll through the Wane side gigantic door still open.

Flare says loud. ,,THE WAGON TRAIN WAITS TO LEAVE. WE FIND PLACE TO SLEEP.''

,,THE RISE AND SET,'' hollers Shake.

Flare nods adn stepsto the edge of the wide open space.

The wide open space lays between a large half circle of builing the rings from the wall and deep into the city. People stand, walk and jostle. A few scream. A tent is raised near the center. Near the center some rises and gaps of space clear from tents, leantoes, booths covering armor, food, cloths and wagon parts.

Flare waves. ,,WE WALK ALONG THE ARCH TO THE OTHER SIDE. LOOK AT STREETS.'' She steps and shuffles to wood walkway  along the fronts of buildings.

The pack follows Flare as two wide and four deep. Shake and Flare, William and Kirra, Spear and Myst, Guile and Minst.

Along the walk the creatures and people part and step from the pack. The walk before a game house, hotel, burlesque, bordello, a supply warehouse. Lights shine. Doors open. Bells ring. People sing along the street.

The pack walks aross streets to  walkways that curver in an arch from the wall around the open area. Tall posts rise from steet corners with four panels on ehace post with two panels with surface talk words and two panels with click-clack marks. Rise and Half, Rise and Guild, Rise and Quarter, Rise and Near.

,,RISE AND TO,'' says Shake loud as the pack steps across the street. ''WE MEED RISE AND SET.''

The pack walks along sont walkway, then wood over street, another street between poeple standing, walking, sitting stumbling.

Sweat, alcohol, mint, fat float between the people. Sweat, mud and sticky wet spread with shuffling, pushing and stumbling.

The walk way bends, and roads are crossed until the semi circle walkway around the half circle area walks to a post with the words RISE AND SET.

,,RISE AND SET,'' says Shake louders than a few shouts and chatter between tight pressed beings.

From the RISE AND SET POST, a street spans to the Rise. The open circle spans to the Sets. 

A mass of people press and sway around a small one level shake on the other side of the street. The tight press amss speads over the wide stone street and into the pen area over blankets and between wood booths and wagons spiked to ground. The mass of people stinad and stare at the one level Shack.

The shack rises above the tallest of people with a flat roof. Wood walls hold the falt room from the ground and hold back the mass pressing at the shack. Windows wide and open show to all a glimpse at a small stage int eh corner of shack and the heads of people watching the stage.

Shake jumps and stands on toes only seeing backs of heads. ,,WHAT IS-''

The crowd squeezes and sways. The pack presses.

A few people cheer. People chant, ,,CARLOS! CARLOS! CARLOS!!!'' The chnage goes silents. People shivers, a few cough. 

Candle lights flicker arounda  stage.

,,I can't see,'' says Shake.

Minst clicks and clasks and poinst to hip.

A shimmer clows acorss.

,,A step,'' says Minst.

Shake reaches and feels the shield at his stomach's height. ,,I'm not that short.'' He smiles. ''But I will see...'' He stands on the shield and looks down at Minst. ''Thanks.''

Minst smile.

The pack stand and watches and stomps feet and stares.

The cold blows. 

The crowd grows.

The people shiver and press. The people chant, ,,CARLOS. CARLOS. CARLOS...''

The people stand.

They stare. 

They see the empty stage through the large windows of the small shack around a candle lite wooden stage.

,,Must be Carlos,'' says William. ''Only one as arrogant would keep a crowd waiting the night.''

,,A great bard lets the crowd play the performance in their mnd before taking the stages,'' says Shake.

The pack stands.

The people stand.

The shiedl beneath Shake simmers to air. 

Minst castes another shield then another and another.

,,COLD AND TIRED,'' says Guile louder than the near thunder of the growing crowd around Rise and Set. Guile pushes back against someone behind, opens rope and pisses below Shake.

Spear looks at Guile and pisses too.

Kirra pushes for space as people step from the piss streams. 

Some one shoves Minst.

Minst hits William.

A large orc raises fist at Guile.

William catch the large orcs hand with guantlet and squeezes.

A man and woman push on Kirra. 

The crowd presses, and Guile's piss stream hits Flare.

Flare pushes Guile.

Some one shouts. 

People yell.

A guitar string vibrates through the crowd.

A low bass boom sing from the stage.

A cloud of smoke poofs and spreads a calm mist through the windows and over the crowd.

Carlos the Barded Dwarf plays the scales of guitar and sings a melodic tones with each cord. 

All the people watch and hear and  see and feel.

Guile stops pissing to step in puddle to try to see. The man and the woman step away from Kirra to get closer to a large window. The orc stares away from William and tried to pull hand free and wimpers. 

William lets guantle fall and face to see Carlos the Barded Dwarf.

,,That's not Carlos,'' says Spear.

,,An illusion,'' says Minst.



