Wind gusts sand from top of wave and into Kirra's eyes as Kirra peers through moon lit night at two worgs run over the waves to the Rise Wax. The gust chills Kirra's hands gripped around bow and shaft.

Kirra wiggles temple, eye socket gourges with tears, eye lid blinks. Grains of sand tear. Tear drops falls to sand.

Sight blurrs and bends the worgs to blobs that blink away.

One worg barks gowls and runs the wave to the Rise.

The other worg chases the worg to the Wane.

Kirra watches the worgs run away to the rise until they disappears. She stands for more breathes and many drinks of waters. She crouches and pees and stares then stands, grabs bow and walks down hill to the pack.

The pack stands and sits around the cart and Runtik.

Guile sits and looks at Runtik. He stares and shouts rage thought at Runtik, and no echo is returned of surface throughs. The rage spans from his Hive of Pain and at Runtik's mind. The rage flows around Runtik causing Runtik's skin to warm, but no more is felt by Guile from Runtik.

Spear walks the parameter of the lake sized flat desert camp. He uses long swords to pick through broken glass, burn wood and bones. He digs with swords tip and foot to reveal layers of glass, cloth, bones and rust stepping slowly around the parimeter. 

Through the shadows of moon light and the waves, Spear peers for movement as he walks back to the cart.

William stands over Runtik, hums with Myst swaying slightly while starring to the Rise Wax toward Kirra. He focus shifts of blinks of time to Runtik laying on the ground by William.

Myst's hums flows around the wind and warms. The hum vibrates warm tones over the cold wind desert gusts. Then her throat vibrates deep pulses like vibrations from a hollow jug. She taps check to thump the jug hum and set a beat.

The desert wind slows to a breeze and warms. 

Myst says, ,,Kirra returns.''

,,For judgement of the thief,'' says Guile. He digs his foot into the sand, pushes foot toward Runtik and sneezes.

Runtik lays on back, on ground with arms crossed over chest. Eyes are covered with eyelinds. Runtik's breath blows soft and slow.

Guile drinks from a waterskin and kicks sand at Runtik's face while flicking sand into you eye. ,,You want water?'' Guile forms a Trust of Pain with the eyelid sting and shouts. He feels an echo of eyes stinking from Kirra and Runtik.

In an instant, Guile feels Kirra and Runtik. Kirra feels to Guile feelings of cool wind, paraniod instinct of people, calm for a fight, thinking of how far the caravan is; the position of the moon and time. Runtik feels to Guile rage; stress then a void that spans body and mind. 

,,Guile,'' says Myst. ''There is a song singing for all in the chior of Reighn. We need not be silencing a voice without knowing why that voice shouted.''

Guile blinks and contract paw.

William hums and sways, clenches short sword and dagger. ,,Soon we will decide the place of this thief in the chior of Reighn on this plane of the prime.''

He looks down at Runtik. 

Runtik lays with sand covering face.

Guile drinks a pull from waterskin and stands. He pulls dick from Branching armor and steps over Runtik. 

William grabs Guile and pulls Guile away from Runtik.

Piss flings and streams from Guile as he stumbles back. A squeaky laugh creacks from Guile as his piss streams find a flow to the ground a few steps from Runtik. ,,Drink your water.''

Myst's throat thumps and hums stop. ,,And there is no song,'' she says. 

Guile pees and says, ,,Can't see into its mind.'' 

,,We need not see its mind if we can sing for it soul,'' say William. ''If we can find the song of Reighn to sing then we will bring all those who wish harm.''

,,Find a soul,'' says Guile. He flicks pees steam to rise and drop near Runtik. ''I will give it a drink.'' Guile sniffs. ''Ask Kirra?''

Kirra steps across the open of the camp. The moon light shines around her. She glances to the hilld behind and the camp grounds. She sees Spear, and Spear walks to the cart.

Spear and Kirra step to the cart as Guile finishes his piss.

Kirra says, ,,Guile steals our water.'' She puts bow on top of cart and grabs a peed container. ''Two worgs run to the Rise. It is half night. We pack. We go to rise.'' She opens piss container and pour from pee bag piss into container.

Wililam steps to Kirra and Spear. ,,But before we leave for our journey, we must decide the fate of Runtik.''

,,Decide while he deaf.'' Guile sorts with big snout. ''William quiets their soul.''

,,Kill,' says Kirra. '' She pulls dagger from hips sheath and steps to Wililam.

William steps over. ,,We will all vote and discuss the fate of Runtik, our capture and the one found guilty of stealing our water.''

Kirra smirks. ,,Death gives you love of goblins.'' She glances down and Myst. 

Myst's throat hum slows to silence leaving a hum like human huming a tune. Myst says, ,,William now feels and hears the song of Reighn, Kirra.'' Myst stands. Her hums stops. ''We must all judge our fate for this one.''

,,Make is silent,'' says Giule. ''It's mind is protected.''

The pack looks at Guile.Guile shuffles paws and couches to a hunch before Runtik's head.

William steps and stands behind Guile. ,,By the right of Reign I will sing your eulogy if you harm our captive before we, the pack, are able to come to a ruling.''

,,You pass judgement on me without pack,'' says Giule. Guile glances back to Willima. ,,Make this one silent, deaf and blind. We bind his hands, feet.'' He looks at Runtik. ''We talk.''

Runtik lays still on sand. Runtik's still body lays.

Kirra steps to piss jug, pulls wax from cork and presses the cork onto the just. She rolls the two wax pieze into balls. ,,Get a scarf and warps eyes and hands.'' She kneels by Runtik. ''We wrap. We talk.''

,We should give him water least he dry from thirst while we debate his life.'' William says, ''And will not we want to know our judgement and why we are judged. It is not our right to know. Can we...''

Kirra presses wax into Runtik's ears. ,,Quiet William.'' She wraps cloths around Runtik's eyes and ears leaving a psace for nose.

While she wraps, Runtik lays still and calm on the sand ground.

The pack watches Kirra tie, and Spear glances around the horizon. 

As Kirra pulls the last knot around Runtiks wrists, Kirra says, ,,Is this enough, Guile?''

,,No,'' says Guile. ''It is all we can do.''

,,If the worgs have left, if Guile can't find any mind but our own, if we are in the middle of the desert, are we doing this?'' William steps back. His star of Reighn stings. His steel fist clenches. He jaw pulses and words break the pulse. ''We have no proof this petty theif is more than a petty thief.''

,,Mind is protected,'' says Guile. ''Seeking through hard. A guarded mind.''

William says, ,,And are you, Guile, able to enter all our minds with ease?'' 

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

Spear pulls knife from sheath.

,,Spear,'' says Kirra. She steps to spear and lays hand on Spear's shoulder. ''We talk.''

,,Guile infests the mind,'' says Spear.

Guile squeak laughs and sniffs and wiggles whiskers. ,,Protecting the pack from Love.''

,,Love,'' says Myst. ''And where is Love in the desert that her mind can see for unlike a spiraltual or divine spellcaster I believe the power she holds requires a body to be.''

Guile looks at Myst then all then down. ,,Love can be everywhere. A link, an object from one to another. Felt the buzz in the train. I felt the purr of Love. I felt it once. Once enough.'' Guile pauses.

,,Protected mind,'' says Kirra. 

,,Felt like Runtik was waiting. Seeing minds echo clear or noise. Runtik sees a void that pulls my thoughts to its.''

,,His thoughts.'' William folds armes. ''What is he thinking now?''

,,Nothing,'' says Guile. ''or everthing.'' Guile steps close to Runtik's head and brushes Runtik's black hair. ''Runtik hides.''

,,Runtik unbound hands before this day ended. Seen the robes by shoulders. Snoring laid him calm.'' He glances at Kirra and says, ''Why show us Runtik can escape?''

,,Mind games,'' says Guile. ''Love's mind games.''

,,Enough with the name!'' shouts William. ''We have travelled days from that name. And it has no more fate for us. Our song has changed, and we no longer need to sing with the song of Love or Senator Ring to keep us safe.''

,,Love will not leave,'' says Guile. ''All you thoughts believe you are free.'' Guile looks at Spear then Kirra. ''Minds are read. This one is blocked with training. See it.''

,,I kill,'' says Kirra. ''A thief hiding. A thief dead.''

,,We kill it,'' says Guile.

Myst hums, and hum flow a Hymn of Myst.

,,No,'' says William. ''We punish and let him work to be free and earn his water. Murder and killing is not who we are?''

Kirra smirks. ,,Where have you been?''

,,In Love,'' snorts the snout of Guile.

Kirra huff smirk to a smile.

William clenches fist and swings at Guile.

Guile ducks and leaps back.

William's fist glances Guile's second chin. Guile lands on paws.

Spear grabs william's arm and throws other arm around William's neck and chest. ,,Calm, friend.''

William's scare of Reighn burns. His heart pounds. He says stern, ,,Release me.''

Spear holds, and William stands. Spear says, ,,I stand with William. We let the thief live.'' He peers at Guile.

Guile rubs second chin, a small tuft under his extended lower jaw. Guile says. ,,Love wants William's steal fist.'' He laughs.

Kirra steps between William and Guile. Kirra grabs William's fist. ,,Spear.'' She looks at Spear. ''You choose what we do with Runtik.'' She looks at William. ''It drinks your water. Eats your food.'' She release William's steel fist.

William's steel fist falls to side.

Spear release William.

Myst hums and throat sinks like blowing into a jug.

The jug hum spreads through William and Guile.

William hears hum as a violine that plays away the burn around the Scar of Rieghn. His steel fist opens to palm. He steps back. ,,Guile, you should listen to what you speak for my steel fist may make it the last thing you speak.'' He looks at Spear.

Spear and william stare.

Spear looks at Guile. ,,You carry your food and water.''

Guile squeaks louds.

Myst, William and Kirra winch and feel a poking paing through hears until the squeak.

Spear winchs and covers ears. His heart thumbs and minds shifts. The dark of night becomes a gray. His limbs extend. Spear pulls from ground. And with a force that feels to pull from the sand, a flash of Yellow spread over the gray, a cool that burns flows through body. Spear stumbles back.

As Spear stands and Myst, Guile and Kirra blink away pain, Guiles connects to the four in one mind burst through is Pain Trust, >They will read your mind, rape your thoughts and cut your steel hand if you don't hide your thoughts.<

Kirra grabs Guile's throat.. ,,Get out of mind.''

Guile pulls from Kirra's grasp, but Kirra's hand doen't release. Guile wheezes. ,,Stop threats. Get rid of the steel fist.''

Kirra squeezes.

Myst hums. ,,Kirra.''

Kirra stares at Guile.

Guile stares at Kirra.

,,Guile,'' says Myst. ''You are out of tune with the winds of the desert, the pace of our hearts, the calm of are breath whistle.''

Kirra release the grip on Guile's throat.

,,Hear the song,'' says Guile. ''Didn't want it in my mind.'' He glances a glare at Myst and looks at Kirra and steps back rubbing through. ''Show you I can enter your mind. I can't enter our capitve's. We kill it.'' He looks at William and glances at William's steel hand. ''Cut that hand of before it chokes us.''

William clenches steel hand.

Myst hums and says, ,,Runtik's song should not end for trying to survive the desert.''

,,More than a thief,'' says Guile. ''Runtik carry my food. Travel with the pack. Silence and blind. Deafen. Keep working.''

William clenches steel fist and huffs away the hum in mind. ,,You will not treat anyone like an  animal.''

,,We are animals.'' says Guile.

,,You are the only animal-'' says William. He points steel finger.

Guile spits. ,,You are the puppet of Love. Slave to Senator Ring.''

William's jaw speaks taugh, ,,Quiet that name. You speak it-''

,,LOVE,'' shouts Guile. He leaps back.

William steps and raises fist.

Kirra steps before William and pushes back. She peers at William. ,,Calm, warrior.'' The stares. 

William stares away the rage and sees to William. 

Myst hum flows through William like slow plucks of a guitar release muscle tension and thoughts of punching Guile's face until his skull cracks.

Aas Kirra and William stare, Kirra says, ,,You will die if you do not silence.''

Guile stands. His forpaw fall to sand. He opens maw to speak then focus on Pain Trust and shouts in silence. He stares at Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,Runtik lives.'' She pushes off William and steps in the center of the pack off the side of the cart. She looks at Spear and William. ,,We keep bound. And to earn food, Runtik pulls the cart.''

Spear shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

William clenches fist. 

Myst sings, ,,By the sound of breathe heaving the heavy load then maybe Runtik will roll to saftey.''

,,No one safe. Killed by the desert. Killed by Senator Ring.''

William clecnhes jaw.

Myst blows. ,,Guile.'' She steps by Kirra and to Guile. ''I know not of what you have been through, but here and now we stand as a pack, as one. And we can not live if we do not trust or help.'' She steps before Giule and hum blows. ''Guile, you need to open your song to hear us.''

Guile stares past Myst to William and glances from Runtik to Spear and William. ,,Hear.'' He grabs throat. ''Feel.'' Guile stands to height. He looks at Myst. ''You don't listen.''

Spear steps before William as William steps toward Myst and Guile. Spear puts a foot on Runtik and presses down. He looks around the tops of the dones and through the une of camps from time past. ,,WE have been loud enough for all creatures.''

Guile steps from Myst. ,,See...'' He pause. Sniffs. 

Spear turns and peers into the shoadow seeing through the dark with his gray sight.

The wind blows cold. The shadows caste around. 

,,Seen minds of many,'' says Guile. He stands over Runtik. ''I see from mind to mind like a string thread through minds. I pull the thorugh through. I seen what they say. They sense fear and hate around humans. They are like seeing their faces and the sand. Easy.'' He stands striaght and peers from Myst to Kirra to Spear to William. ''Read the minds of Pulltik and Jolltik. Read their minds many times. Read it when they give us Runtik. They talk about why they let us last. Why the left.'' He looks at Myst. ''You want to know their talk and toughts after giving us this one.''

The wind blows, and sand gusts.

,,I do, Guile,'' says Myst. ''We all do.''

Guile sniffs and rubs his double chin hidden by turfts of rat fur. He looks at William. ,,Need to save energy. Have food and water to haul.''

William snorts. He folds arms. ,,Speak.''

,,Wiliam,'' says Kirra. 

Guile looks from William to Kirra, says,  ,,Seen through mind to Pulltik's mind. Pullitk talk with Jollitk after Pulltik pass judgement. After Pulltik give us Runtik.'' Guile pauses and glances around the pack. ''Pulltik told Jolltik we left behind because of the steel hand. Pulltik scared of having a steel hand in train. Bad luck. Scared. They wanted the hand gone. They wanted the humans gone. They grasped hand and felt happy thoughts and good feelings. I see no more.'' He sniffs. ''I see no more because I stopped seeing.'' He kneels by Runtik. ''Don't see this mind because it is blocked. A void. A void trust in mind.'' He looks from Myst to Spear to William to Kirra. ''Like felt with the Love's purr.''

William looks at his hand.

The pack looks at his hand.

Guile says, ,,Not the only steel hand. Seen by Love about more. Didn't believe, but more. More hands of silver. You cover. You hide.''

William clenches his hand. ,,Could there be other guantles? Could there be more magic?''

,,Magic,'' says Spear.

The wind bows and gusts a bit. 

One by one, the each look to Runtik.

Kirra says, ,,We keep eyes, ears and mouth wrapped shut. We tie hands to polls and to waits. We tie legs together with scarf. Runlik pulls and walks. If he pisses, he drinks water. Thirsty, Runtik drinks our piss or his.''

Runtik lays still. 

Myst says, ,,We will kill him with slavery.''

,,Runtik earns life,'' says Kirra.

,,If we are attacked then Runtik will not sing with our battle songs. He will be left for dead by the swords or by the thirst.'' Myst taps drum top.

Kirra looks at Myst. ,,If Runtik given sword and freedome, Runtik would kill and steal from us.'' She steps close to Myst. ''Runtik tried to kill us. Runtik took our water.'' Kirra step to cart and the stacked sacks under tarp.

,,We can not become the animals like these goblins.'' William steps behind Kirra and to her side. ''We must be the ones to show them how to be civilized least we becorm wcme one of them. Least we become heartless murderes.''

Guile smirks, steps and picks up his robe of Reign.

Myst says after William. ,,It is our actions that will change the ways of evil.''

Kirra lifts a bag. ,,No good. No evil. Animals. We are animals.'' She tosses pack on cart end.

Guile strightens line of robe of reighn. ,,Pack animals.'' 

,,Spear,'' says William. ''What be your will of Runtik?''

Kirra grabs another bag. 

Spear says, ,,I am with Kirra.'' He glances at William.

William looks at Myst.

Myst hums,, ,,Hmmmm Hmmmmmmmm hmmmm...''

Guile humms and  sniffs and walks on paws to the cart. He grabs a waterskin and drinks.

William pulls on his breast plat and puts hand on knife hilt. ,,Shall we be leaving now and not wait until the Rise to depart?''

Kirra grabs bag. ,,Mid night. Worgs gone. Move before animals come to feed on us.'' She toss bag on back. ''Move before thief drinks water.''

Spear grabs another sack.

William nods head back and shrugs shoulders. He hums with Myst and look through the dark and with moon light at his steel hand.

His steel hand creases with clenching. I feels hard and cold.

Myst hums and fills the water skin and feed bags. 

Spear, Kirra and William pack the cart and shift the carts around.

Guile step and stands over Runtik. ,,Watch this one.'' He sit by Runtik's head and puts had on Runtik's forehead.

William pauses and flexes hand.

Myst grabs his hand. 

The song of Rieghn stops.

Myst goes blind and feels a shock. She pulls away hand. She reaches on tips of toes and says near silent. ,,It's the hand, William.''

William grabs a scar and warps his fingers and plam. Myst helps fit and tied the scaf as they hum together.

Their hum blows with the wind whistle then vibrates their bodies of the pack soothing pains and hunger.

Spear throws the last sack on the wagon, and he kirra arrange the sacks secure. He looks to Runtik and Guile.

Guile spread ankle pain around mind and body. He removes sense of sound, touch, taste, smeell and sight. He then creates a maze of pain through his body and follows the pain through his hand. His hand cleanches and finger nails dig into the flesh of Runtik's forehead.

Runtiks twists head and body, but Guile's hind paws hold Runtik's head.

Runtik's blody twists.

Guile hold his hand on Runtik's fore head and digs.

Myst, William, Spear and Kirra watch.

William says, ,,Guile.'' He steps and reaches.

Kirra strides and knocks William's arm aside and sits on Runtik's long legs.

Runtik squirms, and Guile's hand remains on his forehead. 

Blood seeps from Runtik.

Guile's pain and though flows from hand into a dark deep nothinng. 

The Pain Trust spreads through the void of Runtik. Guile sits and the pain spans and spreads. Then feeling of thumping mind pumps, and the Pain trustbecome pleasure. Guile stops the growth of the Pain Trust.

Guile clench jaw, and muscles lock. The pack sees Guile's body freeze like stopping time. 

Kirra looks at Guile.

William steps away, ,,Let the mind kill the mind.'' 

Guile's mind holds the pain sphere and shouts from mind to mind. The mental shout echos and fades. 

Pain thumps Guile's head and spine. 

Guile holds hand on forehead, and blood drips. He take constricts the pains sphere and collapses the thought in on it self. 

A void spread between the two.

Like a run of river power in mouth after drinking from a stream, Guile's mind floods with images. 
 
Image of glass buildings, glass spoons, swamp lands, and Goblins City white robes walking the streets. A tower rises from the sky in Guile's mind. Smell of smoke rises. Then the tower becomes flat desert. The desert becomes forest. Trees becomes a small villages of buildings. Love is seen holding a red robe. Brown root fumes spreads. 

A flash! bangs Guile's mind, body.

He crawls back and shakes head. Sight, touch, smell spread through mind.

Runtik lays on back on sand and still. Blood beads on five points above left eye. Eyelids cover eyes, and breath is shallow.

,,She's a psionist.''

The blood beads on Runtik's head streak down temple.

Myst kneels, pulls scarf, and Spear says, ,,Runtik is a woman.''

Kirra kneels and pulls Runtik from the ground.

Runtik's head flops back, and her mouth opens. Tied limb arms hang behind. Her body bends, and head flops as Kirra rights Runtik.

Myst stands. ,,We need to get the wrap-''

,,Kirra,'' says William. ''I ask for my patience to allow Myst a few beats to help.''

Kirra holds Runtik to stand. ,,You help when awake.''

Msyt hums. Her lips vibrate as she strokes the wrap

Runtik's head flops on top of Kirra's head.

,,She's tall,'' says Spear.

,,Kill her,'' says Guile.

,,Guile,'' says William.

Kirra drops Runtik.

Runtik's legs fold, and body flops on groudn.

,,She will be Love,'' says Guile.

William glares through the night at Guile. He clenches fist.

Myst kneels wraps Runtik's forehead with a scarf and taps Runtik's forehead.

,,Useless,'' says Kirra. She looks at Guile.

,,Wasted song,'' says Guile.

,,A life,'' says William.

,,She will be...'' says Guile then William reachs for Guile.

Guile steps back.

Myst humms with lip vibration, ,,William calm for the song and hum for the heal...'' Her lips hum to silence.

William's fist falls.  He steps before Kirra.

KIrra pulls out a knife. She kneels.

,,Kirra,'' says William.

Spear steps to Kirra and William.

Guile laughs. He steps back.

Kirra grabs Runtik's tied arms.

William grabs Kirra and pulls hear shoulder and her back.

Spear steps behind Kirr and Willam and grabs both their shoulders as Kirra cuts.

Kirra's knife cuts the ropes around Runtik's wrists and Runtik's hand.

As Kirra falls back from the pulls from William and Spear she pivots, stands and pushes away from both William and Spear. ,,Back.'' She says stepping back. Her back hits the cart.

Guile snorts and laughs. 

Myst humns and lifts and hand and warp from Runtik's head.

Myst pulls wrap from Runtik's head.

Runtik's forehead is healed.

The vibration slow to stares through the night. Only Guil's muffled laugh shake through his pursed lips and hand covering mouth.

,,What is funny?'' says William. ''I am in no mood for jokes or your want to create tension and conflict.''

Guile's chest chuckles and laughs like Shake, ,,Runtik in our minds. Her mind all around in ours. Can't see it for. Body.'' His laughing quivers settle. He inhales.

William, Myst, Spear and Kirra step from Runtik.

William says with step, ,,You said binding his-''

,,Her,'' says Guile.

,,HER,'' says William. ''You said her binding would prevent her from entering our minds if she was a psionists.''

,,May help,'' says Guile. He snorts. ''Runtik been in our minds when sun shine.''

Kirra says, ,,Get it out.'' She looks at Guile. 

Guile looks through his gray sight to William. ,,Too difficult if I pull wagon.''

Spear says, ,,Runtik pulls.''

Guile flars nose and twinkles whiskers. ,,Read the mind in your and bring back. Keep face and head tied. Take from mind. Tell Runtik we does. Kill if doesn't listen.'' Guile inhales and exhales. He exhales the pain in ankle. He exahles the filleing of laughter. Then he inhales and exhales.  

The pack stands and watches the Guile breath. Kirra and Spear glance at Runtik. 
 
Runtik lays limp with arms flopped to siide.  
 
Guile's body shifts and shrinks. Hair shirnks, and muzzle recess as double shin grows, hangs. The Branching Armor hands around Guile's body. He shivers. He coughs and coughs and coughs. Saliva and sand spit from mouth.

The wind blows.

Guile breathes and looks at the pack.

The pack looks back at Guile.

William folds his arms. ,,Have you saved us from Runtik and the mind?'' He looks at Kirra. ''Shall we try to wake Runtik by removing his...Her ties.''

Kirra says, ,,No.'' She hold dagger and kneels to one knee by Runtik. She puts point of dagger on Rutnik's throat and looks at Guile. ''Get out of mind or I kill.''

Guile snorts. He shurgs shoulders and nods head back. He steps to Runtik. ,,Runtik, you die if you don't stand.''

Runtik lays.

Myst hums then says, ,,We will let him-''

,,No,'' says Spear. ''Runtik dies if Runtik's body lays.''

Kirra presses the dagger against Runtik's throat.

,,Kill her,'' says Guile.

Kirra presses tip into Runtik's throat. 

Runtik's hand flashes fast and hits away Kirra's hand. She rolls long the sand and begins to pull until knots of rope wrapped around ankles.

Kirra lunges and grabs Runtiks amrs, slides arms under arm pit around chesk and shoulers and grabs heard.

Runtik slips from Kirra and throws sand at her face and rolls. 

Spear steps, kicks Runtik's head. 

William grabs Spear, and Myst hums. Her song rises with the cold wind blowoing.

The breeze gusts, and the gust  twirls. Sand spins.

Kirra swings dagger and stabs Runtik's thigh. 

,,KIRRA!'' shouts William.

,,KILL HER!'' shouts Guile. Sand blows in his eyes.

And the twirl of dust spins and circles around Kirra and Runtik.

Myst whistle high and low, low and high...

Kirra rolls away from Runtik and the twirling dust around Runtik. She rolls to a stands, slips a bit in sand and pulls short sword. 

Spear and William step away from the twisting dust. 

Myst puts finger on drum top and whirls a circle. She then stops her whistle and says, ,,Runtik, you are trapped-''

,,She can't hear,'' says Guile.

William closes eyes and steps into the swirl. pulls blind folds and mouth gag from head. With sand flying into mouth, Willam shouts. ,,BE STILL OR DIE BY MY HAND.'' He clenches still fist. 

The wind around Runtik deafens William.   

Myst sings while finger swirls on drum top. ,,Pull William away, so Reighn make Runtik stay.''

Spear grabs William and pulls, and william feels pull and steps back.

The swirl and whirl iof sand blows and around Runtik. It piles around Runtik, over Runtik.  

Myst hits her drum.   

The wind stops. The sand falls.

Calm and silence be.

Runtik's heads sticks from the tall pile of sand.

Kirra steps over Runtik's head, says, ,,Move, think, talk without command, you die.'' Kirra presses sword tip against Runtik's throat.

,,Will you obey?'' says Guile.

Runtik lays.

Spear, Kirra, Myst and Guile sees Runtik stare from Kirra to Guile to Kirra.

Runtik says with a voice calm soft voice sooths when is says, ,,No,'' and then says with a bit of joy like Runtik is smiling oafter saying. deep, calm with humor and a vocal smile. ''I will not obey.''

Kirra presses tip of sword. Sword tip breaks skin.

Myst sings, ,,Kirra, the blade need not cut the cords because of a question of obedience.''

William hear Myst and sees the notes and sees Runtik on the ground and Kirra's blade holding. ,,Will you pull the cart to Oasis for food and water?''

,,Food and piss,'' says Guile.

,,Guile,'' says William.

,,Yes,'' says Runtik with mirth. Her voice Then gets slightly stern and quivering. ''I will pull the cart.''

Guile mocks with a voice with the same stern and quivering, ,,I will pull the cart.'' He shouts for the thought of the mock in the mind of Runtik. Guile hears the from the echo a residue of sound of Gule in Runtik's mind. Guile creats a thought streams and flows for the sound.

Runtik says to Guile like talking to a pet. ,,You get out of my mind. Will you? You get out of my ming. Yes. Get out of my mind, Guile.'' She she breathe a loaugh andvsays, ''I can pull if I can have my arms independent and my hands allowing grab poles.'' 

Kirra holds the sword. ,,Spear, William grabs Runtik and tie her to the poles.''

Spear and William step to Runtik's sides and both grab under armbit and pull Runtik from the sand pile. 

Runtiks long legged body stands a hand shorter than William. Her black cropped hair fans face and blows with brees. He boot covred feet drag over ground.

,,Walk,'' says Spear.

Guile mumbles Runtik's words and sees thorugh the stream and into Runtik's mind.  Guile sees...

Runtik mental shouts at Guile's mind. >Hello, Guile. You want into my mind. You keep thikking with me...< Runtik sniffs, says with a exhale mirth. ,,You want me to walk to the cart?'' Her legs lift and her feet kick at ground but never touch ground as she steps like she is running fast above the ground. Her head looks side to side. ''Where are we going? Where are we going? Where are we going?''

Guile mumbles Runtik's words and sees thorugh the stream and into Runtik's mind.  

Spear and William glance and the other. They release Runtik.

Runtik's feet slam the ground. Runtik stands. 

William and Spear grab her arms. 

,,You tie me to the poles,'' say Runtik. ''You are nice captors.'' She looks at Myst. ''Bless you piest of Reighn of securing my death if we are attacked.''

William and Spear guide Runtil between the pulls.

Runtik says while guided. ''You are great hostes. It is good. I have mucles. I can pull. You wll see. I will earn my pee.''

Willia amd Spear pull her back between the pulls. 

,,Grab the poles,'' says Kirra.

Runtik slides hand over the cart's poles and grabs between the legs of Wiliam and Spear. She grabs Williams cock and brushes against Spears. 

Spear and William step away.

Kirra swing sword and puts blade against Runtik throat. ,,Grab the cart poles.''

While Kirra talks to Runtik, Guile sees to Runtik the pain sphere. The pain sphere spreads. He sees with surface talk to Runtik. >You die.<

Runtik hears Guile in mind and Kirra before. She grabs poles and says, ,,I die. My mind left in your mind.''

,,Spear,'' says Kirra. ''Put sword tip in Runtik's mouth.'' Spear pulls sword and puts the top of sword by the lips of Rntik.''

Runtik says, ,,If you take you pole out of pants I will open my mouth.''

,,Stab it in,'' says Kirra. 

Spear presses sword tip between lips of Runtik.

Myst hums. ,,One can not sing their song if their instrument is damaged or mind dead.''

Runtik opens mouth says, ,,You are like white sheet owners.'' She opens mouth wide and says, ''Ahhhhh...''

As Runtik was to poles, talks of poles and has her hands tied to poles, Gule flows through the mind of Runtik.

Runtik thinks in swirls of brown root smells, memories of feeling cold, thirst, empathy of hunger, a mumblng of a voice to voices talking and shouting through a hallow and open area. Echoes and swirls of lights and pulses of fuzzy tingles and poking stabs. 

Guile flows through Runtik's mind.

Kirra ties Runtik's wriist to the poles.

Runtik presses lips against the flat of blad and lifts lips away from the edges. She pulse head slowly back and forth like rubbing and sucking on a hose.

Spear pulls sword from Runtik's mouth.

Runtik's deeps voice talks high and smooth nearly like love sullen purr. ,,You put the sword back in mouth. I will drink your milky love.''

,,Quiet unless giving answers for questions or we will bind your senses,'' says William.

Guile's mind feels his pain trust spreads through body. Pain pumps from head. He pulls from Runtik's mind while Myst speaks then says after Myst speaks. ,,Runtik has no control. A wild mind.''

Runtik sticks tongue out and licks for the tip of Spear swords and then helps her says, ,,I still controll my tongue.'' Her voice sooths like silk and deep like dark.

Guile snorts and spits. ,,Bind her eyes. Gag her mouth. Plug her ears.'' He grabs a wine skin. ''If we don't kill.'' He drinks water and grabs piss filled waterskin and tosses it a Spear. ''Piss water for Runtik.''

Spear catches waterskin and loops it around neck.

Kirra grabs the strap ahnging around neck and ties it around eyes. She pushes the piece of wax in one hear a little deeper and sedure. ,,Pull.''

,,WHAT,'' says Runtik louds. ''I...'' She looks side to side. ''I CAN'T HEAR.''

Kirra takes her knife and slices the tip top of ear off from Runtik.

Runtik shout, ,,OXGOLIN SHIT!'' She pulls on pull and shakes head. Her collapse knees, and shee and cart poles fall to ground.

Spear and William catch the cart poles and hold the cart and Runtik above the ground.

,,Quiet,'' says Kirra. 

,,You are no worse than white sheet owners.'' Her jolly voice sharp like a bit the spray spittle. ''Blood flows from head.'' She begins to swing head.

Guile shouts. ,,KILL HER!''

Spear raises long sword.  William says, ,,If her song sing the same then death to her and not us.''

Myst says, ,,It would be best-''

,,Kill her.'' says Kirra. ''Kill if she drops cart.''

,,I will not heal the glass poles if Runtik is killed and they are dropped.'' Myst steps from the cart. She silences her hum. ''What has happened to you?''

Before Myst ends her words, Kirra pulls her short sword and swings it at Myst's head and says, ,,Make it to Oasis. Release the poles. Poles break. Thief dies.''

Spear and William look at Kirra and each other. They release the poles.

Runtiks legs slam agains the ground and she steadies the cart with a grunt.

,,Move,'' says Kirra.

Myst steps to Runtik. ,,After a hymn to heal is sung-''

,,No.'' Kirra she steps before Myst. They look. ''She bleeds. Answers question. Pulls cart. She we will heal.''

,,What happened to you in side the city,'' says Myst.

Spear sniffs. ,,We learned how to survive.''

William clenches fist. ,,We learned the evils of slavery and control.'' He steps by Myst. ''I learned there is humanity in all beings, and we must not allow the evil in our mind control the power we control.''

Kirra looks looks at Spear and Guile. She grabs a couple waterskins, and says, ,,I will take lead through the waves,''  walks across the camp toward the glass road. 

Spear raises sword at Runtik. ,,Pull.''

Runtik pulls on the pole. The wheels side and soing through finger tip deep sand.  Her feet slide through the sand. 

Myst hums and pushes on the back of the cart. 

The cart sides and rolls forward. 

Myst's hum leads the way through the dark and moon mlight shadows.

William, Spear and Guile follow a few leaps behind the cart.

Spear says, ,,One watch Runtik. Other watch rear. One helps push.''

,,Yes,'' says William. ''We need to make quick time.''

,,it's a trap,'' says Guile. ''Runtik is a plant who is a seed spreading doubt and causing use to slow. We need her dead William. Now is not the time to find love of hugobilns.''

William nods. He says, ,,it is not a love of hugoboins, but a horror I feel when thinking of the past.

Runtik pulls and steps a steady pack through the silt over the hard sand crust and glass. He feet find a steady pace.

After William pushes through a few sand waves of sand spreading over the thin puddles of silt, the cart pulls free from thecamp ground and one to the glass road.

The wheel whells, foot prints and rock create a path for steady pace of Runtik.

William walks behond hte cart as they leave the camp. 

Guile walks behind to the Wane of Sigil. Guile feels his pain hive spread and thump mind. A mase of sand wave creates and ebss and valleys creates a path from Guile's head pain.

Myst hums and walks with William. She soft taps her drum with William's heart. 

William hears her song when pushing the cart and feels her song when walking near. It tingles the Scar of Reighn along back and plucks his mind like a guitar. The strings set his feet in step with Myst and through the sand and cold dark with a path.

the moon light shines over the large waves of sand that part for the wide road. Sand slops to the glass sides that rise the heigh of the wastes. 

Kirra steps from the raod and the walls and to the top of a large sand wave on road side. She stears.

All around sand swaves rises and spand with long crests that break to steep slopes.

The moon lit tops span. Kirr walks along a tall sand wave with a creast that slops down to the road.

the glass road cuts between. The wavees between the breaks.

Kirra walks along the dune top, while Spear walks along the back of the road a long spring from the cart walk quiet. His feet fall first and stead leaving little track and sinking only slight.

Calm and quiet are blown away with breeze that gusts to the wind as Runtik pulls the cart along the road a rock throw from the camp.

Runtik hums with Myst. And Myst thumps drum.

Drum thrump spans around the cart, Guile, William and Myst. Each feel their heart beats of and lungs breath cool.

They walk many steps through think lay of sand over the glass road.

The wind blows.

Runtik says, ,,I need my goggles over eyes.'' He turn blind folded face from left to right. ''Wait! I am blind folded.''

Kirra, barely in the sight of the pack though illuminated sand waves top, hears only the wind and silant talk of Runtik.

William says, ,,Keep you voice quiet or I will gag you.''

,,Quiet,'' Runtik whispers. Only Myst hears.

Myst feels the noise and thumps drums with a slap tap with their legs beat. Her throat hums and vibrates like blowing into a jar. ,,You may speak Runtik as you do.''  She hits the drum. ''Rieghn will beat are sound to silence while I tap.'' She looks at William. ''It be best if you talk if you want to sing your story.''

William sees Myst turn head to William to aim her sound to form his face.

Myst says, ,,We hear the song Wiliam for the walk in the desert is long.

William says, ,,A song can fly us through the sky while our minds crawl the desert.''

Myst looks at Willam. ,,Who said that?''

,,I did,'' says Willam.

Guile says, ,,Inle said some thing similar.''

Runtik says loud, ,,I HEARD IT ONLY FROM YOU!''

Myst taps drum along the beat with the cart.

The sound and the beat pound around the cart, but are not heard by Kirra and Spear.

Kirra peers over the sand waves and the dark vallies. Her gray night sight sees sand, sand and sand. She pulls her goggles over her eyes as the wind blows over the wave tops. She sees a few dark dots appear and disppear from the Rise. Along the creast of the sadn wave, with the glass road, she runs. She looks back at the cart, hearing only the wind, and peers into the night for Spear, but only sees darkness.

Spear walks silent and soft over the sounds ripples over the roads. The cold wind blows, and sand sting, but a heat in Spear warms away the shiver and sting. he runs without the goggles or the warps. He steps wearing loin cloth. His boots break and spreads with each stipe. The boot's sean stretch and stap with steop.

Spear follows the cart peering through the gray sight.

The cart rolls along with wheels rolling more than sliding.

While Kirra and Spear walk their paths before and behind, inside the drum boom room, Myst asks Runtik...

,,Why do you steal from us, Runtik?'' says Myst.

,,I-''

Guile coughs, ,,I play to lie. A plant to read our minds. You should quiet.'' Guile wipes nose on sleeve or Robe of Reighn. ''Our thief should be-''

,,Stabbed, beats or burried, Guile.'' Runtik says with a shrill. ''Or...'' Runtik says like happy for a sugar treat. ''Or we. We could tie my legs to the wheels. Or we could breath-''

William clenches fist. ,,Answer the question, Runtik, or I will tied you legs to the wheel and find if it splits you apart.''

,,Now that you say it with Love,'' says Runtil.

,,Love,'' says Willaim. He grabs dagger. 

Myst put a hand on William's shoulders with one hand while tappoing drum top with the other. Her hums change to a fast fluxing vibration that tickles lips, but quick hums from Myst's mouth.

The hum spreads thorugh the sound Spear and swirls around William, Guile and Runtik.

William hears the guitar string prayer in mind playing with drums to silence, and strike aagain. The rage through William's mind release.

William's guitar spans with Myst's head hum and drum taps through Guile. 

Gulie feels William's rage pulse with Willaims's guitar strings from the the song of Reighn. Guile's heart beats with the drum, and Myst's hum sooths the pain in his head.  His throbing head beats calm.

The song flows from Guile and twists and flows like a maze that leads to and end as all the sounds become one then strike Runtik.

Runtik smiles and says like a smile. ,,The music makes me want to sing my life story.''

Myst whistles. ,,And when does you story song begin, Runtik.''

Runtiks says like opening a musical. ,,MY LIIIIIIIIIFE BEEEEGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN....'' She lowers voice, but retains the musical flow. ''My life began as a wild mind of a thief. I was looking for relief and searching for life's belieeeeeeeeeeef.'' Runtik steps a pace with Myst tapping thumps.

,,You let me sing. I will sing. But I need you to listen to me please! Oh, Please.'' Runtik's legs steps and slide through the sand. The wheels find rutts filled with silf.

Myst sings in the drum dome. ,,Whyyyyyyyyyy arrrrre you heeeeeeeeere?''

,,I am here to see clear. I am hear because Love wants me near. I here to hear and tell you want you need. I am here to eat you feed. I am here for the good of the groupl. I am here to help you avoid the troops.''

William clenches fist, clenches hand and grabs  swords and pulls as Myst lay her drum free hand on William. And warm spreads through William. And the heavy corded guitar strum vibrating thorugh William's mind slows and calms to accoustic plucks.

William calms, and Guile spits, coughs.

Guile says, ,,Lovetik.''

,,Lovetik is my master. She makes my mind go faster. And we will not out last her. For her death would be a disaster.?''

Myst intone, ,,And why do you follow her leeeeeead? Is there some neeeeed? Is killing use how you will succeeeeeeed?''

Runtik pounds feet. ,,Iiiiiiii...'' sings Runtik then she goes silent. Her feet step to the drum beat.

As Runtik begins to sing,

,,I follower lead like a mother.  If I don't then she will smother like an ungrateful son.

When is the raod cleared.

Myst taps her drums and throat hums, and William whistles.

Guile sniffs and spits humming with Runtik.

Runtik sings joll with feet kicking. ,,This road...This road...This road, I am told, I am told is cleaned by the army army so bold, so bold. Because it's some thing I have seen, I have seen. I have ran gold. I have ran wagons. I have ran lies. I have ran...'' Her voice laters ight and low with each. ''Ran...ran...Ran...Ran...RAN...'' The sings to a, ''RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!'' 

She steps steady and fast and hums with my.

Myst sings. ,,Did you want to be caught? Has you services been bought to lead us to danger? Do you serve love now? Are you leading us some how to our doom?''

Myst And William locks hands, and William hums. Guile shouts mind at Runtik.

Runtik sings, ,,I wanted to be found. For Love. I stand this ground. To lead you to danger is a plan not. If there is doom for you then a battle with doom with be fought.'' Her pace hits.

Her purr sphere in mind flows with the words spoke as Guile feels. Guile sees images of Love and Runtik lick bodies. Guile feels the tongue of Love like ear. Guile sees Love pointing at at the pack as they left Gnomsidy.

All feel the song of Reighn. 

Myst sings, ,,Why not tell us the truth? If you were going to die.''

Runtik sings, ,,Love have hurt you bad. I feel you must be mand.'' She hums.

Guile feels sorrow and heave sad flow through mind.

The words Myst does find. ,,What are your orders from Love? What do you know of the steal glove?''

Myst sings. ,,I know not of the steel guantlet. I was only told a silver hand I would help protect.''

William sings, ,,Then why do you act like a wild being. You express youself as a monsterous thing?''

Runtik huffs and puffs, sweats and pants.

Guile drinks water, walks through Runtik's eyes and feels a purr spread to a quick deep vibrations soothing way the purr with the guitar strings strinking feelings of release, hope and collections. Image of

Guile's head pings and thumps like hit with a rod. He stumble. 

Water spills. 

Gule coughs.

Runtik's stare blinks away as the cough creates a discourse. And Runtik coughs.

William and Myst hold hands. Williams whistle shutters with the cough of Guile and Runtik.

After pulls and huffs and pulling of the wheels many steps. After the hums of Myst, Williams, Runtik says, ,,My mind is a wild and mad. Funny and swirling thoughts what are had.''

Myst humms and taps drum. Drums hits and whisle flows. The song goes. ,,Are you loyal to love to the death? Will you make are song silent with endless rest, if love wishes our death?''

Runtik sings, ,,I am loyal to Love like a mother. I will listen to her, even if it is to kill another. What she wishes for you is to live like the others.''

William says, ,,Who are the others you speaks? What of us to they seek?''

Without missling a beat of Myst's drum, Runtik says, ,,The other are the ones with silver hands. It is the silver hand that is sought across the land.''

William sings. ,,How many others have silver hands? What with the sliver hands are Love's plans?''

Runtik sings, ,,I know only to prtect you see. I don't know what Love's plans may or may not be.''

Guile spits and coughs. 

Wind gusts.

And Myst feels fatigue spread from drum head through arm to body. Her other hand rleaases from William's and other falls flat on drum top.

William wistles.

William's wistles blows above the sand of the wind to Kigga and Spear.

Kirra and Spear hear William's wistle and Runtik's lasting hum.

,,Quiet the music,'' says Spear.

Kirra stands and peers through the dark, seeing one a far stone throw from the crest top of her sand wave.

The sand wave creasts over a wall and swepps to the glass wall against the edge of raod.

Kirra sees a worg silhouette push into the dark as far stone through away. The sihloutte presses along the creast.

She kneels and peers, looks a back at cart.

Teh cart pulls silent through the night. It's wheels fall into short ruts that roll.

Runtik pulls the cart with a  hum.

The glow from Myst song blows and shivers from soul.

William steps and pushes the back of the cart.

Myst quick steps by William to stride by Runtik.

Guile snorts and pulls the Robe of Rieghn ovr nofy.

Sand blows. Kirra runs.

Kirra goes along the creast of sandwave. Her night sight sees the red heat of paws pressing into the cold sand crust.

Her touch the surface and leave no track. She runs after the paws and the paws get brighter then bright.

The tracks become two pairs that ron from one. One pair of rck runs to the road while the other runs along the crest.

Kirrra follows the worg paws to the Rise.

A warg leaps at her from her Wane.

Kirra twists, spins and slides short from sheath and slices. Short sword cuts maw of worg leaving at Kirra.

The worg yelps and slams the ground.

Another worg runs at Kirra.

Kirra slides other short sword from sheath and stabs the worg on ground.

The worg on ground body quivers.

The worg running at Kirra leaps at Kirra.

Kirra pulls in swords, ducks and rolls down the hill a few rolls then sticks feet and stands. She raises short swords.

The worg lands by laying worg and leaps down the sand wave at Kirra.

Kirra swings both bladed to the Wax while stepping to the wane. Her short swords slice and stab the worg.

The worg files and rolls down the hill. The worg yelps and crowls and barks.

The bark snaps the night.

Spear run at the bark while peering behind and around. He runs by the cart saying, ,,You bring the dogs.''

,,Worgs,'' says Runtik. Runtik pulls on the handle and ties around poles and wrists. She smirks. ''You going to let me live when the pack of worgs comes kill us for killing to of their.''

Spear stops hearing and seek Kirra kneeling by a dead worg.

William stesp after Spear, but Myst says, ,,Stay.''

,,Quiet,'' says Guile. He sneezes.

,,I scream louder than talk if a hundred worgs come over those hills and kill us.'' Runtik pulls on arms and poles.

Myst hums and taps the top of drum.

Runtik's mouth moves and nods and shakes in silence. She looks at Myst and moves mouth, open mouth and yanks, yanks, yanks on ropes.

Wililam pulls long sword from sheathand steps to the front of the wagon by Myst, Runtik and Guile.

Guile snorts, ,,Worgs.'' He sends a mental shout. His mind tumps a band. His pain hive spreads the world. 

The shouts spands and spreads. Guile sees Runtik's calm and growing fear. He feels Myst's clam through hum. He feels William's focus of everything. He feels Spear's calm and excitement thumping. He tenses with the rush of Kirra's pumping a rush. Kirra feels a worg yelping echoes to death.

Guile falls to his knees. His nose bleeds. He coughs and hackes. 

Myst tumps drum, and Guile's cough is silent.

Kirra looks at the sihloutte ofhte cart illuminated by the moon light. She cuts the worgs throat. She stands and says, as soft as the breeze for spear to hear. ,,We eat.'' She steps to the top of the sand wave and grabs the dead worg, throws over shoudlers.

Spear grabs and litfs dead worg. 

The hayl the dead worgs to the cart.

Kirra says, ,,We eat.''

,,We don't have time to skin,'' says William. 

Kirra and Spear throw dead worgs to the sand. 

Kirra cleans her blades. ,,I will prepare.'' 

,,We don't have time. We must hurry to leave behind the worg back we may now be coming to kill us,'' says William. ''we go. There may be more worgs coming through these desert lands before the night after hearing and smelling their dead in our cart.''

Kirra sheaths swords and pulls dagger from sheath. With the heat glowing sight for Kirra, She stabs the gut of the worg and cuts. ,,Two worgs proply from Runtik. Ones seen early watching.'' She pulls intestines, stomach, guts from the worg. 

,,Why they attack and get close,'' says William. ''If these words are with the caravan then why risk lives attacking you. A warrior that is frightening.''

,,Worgs,'' maons Guile. He holds head ot press agianst the thump in head. ''Couldn't see.''

Kirra cuts and peels the skin from the worg. ,,Spear.''

Spear kneels and cuts, skins the other worg.

William huffs. ,,We...'' He looks arou8nd the nights. ''We need to...''

,,Food,'' says Kirra. She looks at the night to William though william does't see. ''WE have a new mouth to feed.''

As spear skins the worg he says, ,,Why not hear the theif?''

Myst rests hand on drum. ,,I caste her to  silence for here singling.

,,She can hear?'' says Guile. The area aroudn head pops in hears and he hears the pack.

,,Not with her head will she hear for the silences consumes the noise around her head.'' Myst says.

,,She says worgs will come?'' says Kirra. She ties rear legs from the worg and ties the ankles. ''Seen two worgs remain behind. Two worgs about this far away. Thought to guard. Guile...''

Guile rubs away and thinks a pain maze. The pulses and flashes of ankle and brain pain pulse. He moves thoughts around an open space...

''Guile,'' says Kirra. She steps ties the work to the side of the cart. 

The worg hangs on the cart near the pile of it is guts on the ground. 

Myste nears by Guile and lays her hands on her hands. She hums and her hands vibrate. 

guile's pains mazes shake and the walls and bubbles shift and pain to an open realm sung wide with a hum hummmmmm hummmm hummmm...

,,We need to leave the bodies and continue down the trail before a whole pack comes to kill us?'' says William. ''We have spoke with Runtik with the truth of song while singing with Reighn.''

Kirra steps to Myst, stops and looks at William. ,,Sung a song.''

Myst hums to words and pulls hadns from Guile's head. ,,The song was not sung when she spoke of the worgs.'' She stands. ''Guile...''

Guile hears Myst's voice like an echo. She kneels in sands. 

,,Giule,'' says Kirra. 

,,What the thief says,'' says Spear. He pulls hide from the other worg. Blood spreads. Guts fumes some shit.

runtik relaxes pulls. She stares around. Her mouths is shut.

Kirra looks at Runtik and points to the Rise. She lips the words MOVE.

Runtik looks side to side and shrugs.

,,Where she from?'' says Kirra.

William steps to Kirra. ,,Where she is from is noe surprise-''

,,Lovetik,'' says Guile. He blinks. ''Lovetik sent to...''

Kirra pulls swords from sheath.

William steps at Kirra. ,,Wait.''

Spear grabs the worg and raises swords. ,,Love.''

Guile coughs.

Myst humsn. ..Calm...''

The vibration from Myst's voice. It tickles bodies.

Kirra lowers sword. Runtik relaxes arms and stance. Guile slumps head and sits. William's steel fist opens to a palm. 

Spear grabs Runtik's throat and squeezes. 

Like a bubble of sound bursting, gurrgles and tries to scream.

William grabs Spear's arm and pulls and free. ,,Listen before you...''

Kirra pull swords. 

,,Wait...'' says Guile.

Kirra steps. ,,You tell Love,

,,Kirra!'' says Myst.

William lungs to stand by Runtik. ,,WAIT!'' he shouts. 

,,That'll let the worg pack know where we are at,'' says Runtik.

,,She is working for Love to help,'' says Myst.

Guile coughs. ,,Love's slave watches. She, and those of the-

Spear pushes, ,,A thief of Love dies.'' 

,,Wait, Spear,'' William steps raises still hand. ''Wait to listen then if you wish to kill then I will not stop.'' He looks at Kirra. ''Yes.''

Kirra nods. Spear nods.

William clenches fist and points metal finger at Runtik. ,,Pull. Now.''

Runtik looks at William, lowers head and pulls waoing through the ruts.

Spear, Kirra and William step from the path of the old cart ruts. 

,,Talk,'' says Spear. He slides the worg from back and throws it on the back of the cart.

The cart pases.

Guile sniffs and stands with the pack.

Kirra, Spear and William break their stare of tension and walk after the cart.

Myst and Guile lead by walk by runtik.

,,Talk,'' says Kirra.

,,A song can fly us through the sky while our minds crawl the desert,,'' says William. ''A song of Reighn will fly with the truth. And it was truth we heard Runtik sing to us. And the song sung one who has been made to worship Love like an idol and sacrific safety to help us survive the desert. The even back in the Train camp wsa staged to give us Runtik's life. Runtik has been in our minds for a time. She sees through us to find our intent. All this sung try. And thought she a spy for Love, that isn't meant to do us harm?''

Runtik's head whipes side to side and peers into the shadows.

Kirra humphfs, shrugs shoulders. ,,She shows love-''

Guile hacks. ,,Love knows. Runtik sees truth to her. Seen it. Seen the love of Love.'' Guile sniffs. ''Not the first to follow Love's purr.''

,,She talks,'' says Spear. ''For her life.'' Spear says, ''Runtik. You fear Love?''

,,I fee the pack of worgs on our trail. They will kill us.'' She pulls on ties. ''Let me free. Where am I going to run? The worgs they will come.''

,,Keep silecnes and you keep your tonque,'' says Spear.

Runtik stops talking. 

,,Why,'' says Kirra. ''Why love send helper, spy?''

Guile snorts, ,,Spy. Test for Runtik. Spy for us. Watches William's hand. The steel hand not first. Pulltik talk of.''

William says, ,,We do not know what Love and Runtik are to my steel hand, but it seems as if I am wanted for something.'' He steps to Runtik. ''You you be a vehical to carry information to Love then I tell you that I have no intention of allowing you to live.''

,,I can talk,'' says Runtik as she pulls. 

,,Quiet,'' says Kirra as she slaps Runtik's shoulder. 

Runtik stops pulll, ,,You hurt.''

Spear grabs Runtik's back of neck and pushes. ,,You pull.''

Runtik pulls. 

,,Spear,'' says William. ''We are not a murdurous group. Runtik will earn her freedom with work.''

,,Unless,'' say Runtik. ''The worg packs find's us and eats us. Then I will be an wasy meal tied and ready for a snacking.''

,,Worgs from train. Seen them watching before left,'' says Kirra.

,,You see the wild packs of the desert?'' says Runtik. ''You won't hear them coming. They lead in packs-''

Kirra slaps flat of sword aaginst Runtik's shoulder. ,,Quiet. Won't hear sword cut neck.''

Runtik peers at Kirra. She opens mouth, but stops talk and pulls. 

,,Runtik may speak to answer our questions,'' William looks into the shadows and on the top of the long waves of sand. ''As I have had words and song with Runtik, so I will walk the sand wave to see if worgs attack or the truth can only be sung from Runtik.''

William stesp from the road and up the steep sand wave to the Wane.

Guile says, ,,She lies, William.''

William stops. ,,What are you?'' He steps back to cart.

,,I-'' says Runtik.

Kirra slaps Runtik's shoulder before Runtik speaks.

All focus goes to guile.

Guile spits. ,,Seen no worgs with shout. No water of food. Pack in desert. Far from town.''

,,Why lie?'' says William. 

Kirra says, ,,To seperate minds.''

,,Advantage her psionics,'' says Guile. He sniffs. ''She's learned from Love.''

,,Talk, Runtik,'' says Kirra. ''Talk or die. Tell us of Love. Your purpous.''

,,Love is my guardian. She is my Love.'' Her voice says with a snap. ''I know some of you may have had the same sex I had.'' Her voice cracks calm. She says with mirth. ''You did you fucker for lust.'' She looks at William. ''Or do I need to sing a song for a truth trust.'' She pulls and grins. ''Into Love's pelvis you did thrust.''

William grabs dagger and steps at Runtik.

,,Willliam,'' says Love.

,,Kill her,'' says Guile, who snorts.

William steps his dagger swing at Runtik's neck.

Spear grabs William's hand. 

Myst says, ,,With Reighn's song I hope the attack was defense of truth and not silence some one's song no matter the pain that song may sing.''

,,If she speaks more words of us and none of her I will stab her throat,'' says William.

,,Kill her,'' says Guile.

Runtik pulls the cart through the sands. ,,I am surviing my duty. I deserve not to die.''

,,As one who lived under Love's rule,'' says William. ''Your loyalty to her is reason for death.''

,,You will kill not kill,'' says Runtik. ''I pull. I am ready work off my debt as long as we get away from the worgs.''

,,Worgs,'' says William. ''Ifyou were concerned about worgs then why do you insist upon arguing and talking.''

,,You order talking.'' Runtik says, ''I talk.''

,,And she will be allowed to talk until we find from her Love's motivation for her being her,'' says Myst. Myst hums and slaps drum. ''Let us enjoy silence.''

The drum thump thumps fades.

After the drum thump silences, Runtik says, ,,You show the worgs where to attack.''

Myst says, ,,Runtik, the song of Reighn for you doesn't sing. If you voice is not found, then even my song will be you song of doom.''

Runtik pulls the cart.

Guile clears throat and spits.

William sheaths swords. 

Spear slows walks and walks behind the cart.

The cart pulls through the silt. Thin layer of silt spreads over the glass roads. Small ripples of sand spread around.

Spear's foot steps. Thread on his shoe breaks. A sole on Spear's boot flaps.

Spear stands and pulls boots from feet. His feet step on sand, and a tickling glow spreads through feet and body.

Spear steps and peers through the dark.

His feet leave not trail.

After many steps, silence and not shadows or sihlouettes of worgs, Runtik smirks mirth with a quick snort.

,,Kille her, and we will be free of the mind.'' Guile rubs temple. The sooth of Myst song of Reighn plays to pleasure the Pain Trust through Guile's body. He sees and tries to be

,,Where are you from?''

Runtik says with bass voice. ,,Lovetik.''

,,Lovetik,'' says William.

Runtik almost squeaks. ,,Lovetik is what I said.'' She snort through nose to a humpf.

Myst hums to say. ,,Is Lovetik your mother?''

Runtik's voice calms to soft bass voice. Her eyes look into the shadows. ,,I like to tell stories when there are no worgs packs.''

Kirra says, ,,There are no worg packs. There were two worg dogs that were hungry. Left behind to die and lie. Their stomachs had no food. No meat on the ribs.''

,,Talk, Runtik,'' says Spear. ''Talk of Lovetik.''

,,No more lies,'' says William as he clenches steel fist.

Open your mind,'' says Guile. ''Purr of the Mind Trust. See your thougths as you think to find what you hide.''

Runtik snorts a laugh. ,,The Purr of the Mind Trust. What type of bard are you trying to be.'' She pulls and looks quick side to side. She whispers her soft bass voice. ''The purr of the mind trust.''

Guile says, ,,You voices show you lie.''

,,Never felt the purr,'' says Kirra. ''The purr of Love.''

,,Love,'' says Runtik. ''She let you call her Love. That right.''

,,Talk of Lovetik,'' says William. ''With truth.''

,,Which Lovetik,'' says Runtik. ''The one that makes you purr or the Drum I grew up on.''

William clenches fist.

Guiles gargled voice says, ,,Open your mind. Talk of Lovetik you grew up. This city. See your lies.''

,,Drum,'' says Runtik. ''It's a drum.''

,,Drum?'' says Myst.

,,Drum.'' says Kirra.

,,Drumtak,'' says Runtik with soft bass voice. ''Surface talk is Drum. Surface talk speaks of city or town. Drum is a city or town of a domain. Dome are the capitals. In the Tyranium Domain there is a Dome call Tyranium and many drums one of which is called Lovetik.''

,,Open your mind,'' says Guile. He sniffs. ''For truth.''

Runtik says, ,,After that song, I want to speak only truth.'' She stares at Myst. She stares at Myst's scarred eyelids. She says. ''I have felt the song of Reighn and I want to believe.''

,,Kill her for she lies,'' says Guile. He snorts and focuses on ankle pian. The pain becomes a sphere in mind, and the ankle feels no pain as Guile walks to the road.

,,Her story will be her life,'' says William. ''I want to hear of Lovetik. I want to hear of this person or place.''

,,William,'' says Myst. She slows step to walk near William. Her hum guides her through nights still showing her mind the sight of sound.

William steps and stares into the dark. ,,Reighn sings with me and through me. Reighn wants to hear the story of Runtik not as a lie or awkward play of voices but as a story of truth. And if there is nothing ture then Reign will sing of what to do to the one who will steal our song forever and long, until I feel the truth then her song need not be sung.''

Guile says, ,,Open your mind, and speak of drum Lovetik.''








