Shakes back falls to the ground spilling out rotten lamb and apples covered in maggots. A smell of mold and rot spread their musk.

Eyes to water, noses are closed.

Minst coughs and steps to the wall.

William reaches for the bag, but Spear grabs the bag, scoops up the rot, strides to the glass wall and tosses the bag outside.

,,Leave the door open," says Hern. He walks to the chiminy and pulls a lever.

Smoke begins to fill the room.

William and Spear step outside.

Minst runs outside. 

Myst steps away from the table and puts on her hid robe and hat over her pack slung and starpped to pack. She looks her mace and grabs the Star of Reighn.

The Shake's back hits the ground near Sheep walking into the cave barn. 

The dog herding the sheep barks at the bag. The woman whistles. A few sheep run from back as the dog chases them to the back and pushes them into the cave barn.

Spear and William walk down the steps looking at the sack and looking at the tall blood human woman womain.

She stands and with a staff in hand watching the furry dog run hear and there to move the sheep inside.

,,HELLO," says William.

The woman waves the whislte and points to the barn doors as the last of the sheep.

The cold causes William to shiver and for Spear to look back inside at the coats while walking down the steps.

Inside, Hern pulls the lever on the chimny while Myst walk to the door and steps to the deck.

Kirra and Jan walk hand in hand from the ledge, across with wide plane of grass to the house and barn.

Spear steps down the steps and to the bag. 

,,What's inside besides Shake?" smiles and says Myst stepping to the deck.

Hern steps to the desk with a steaming cup. He sips and says, ,,QASK.''

,,QASK," says the blonde womain.

,,Your wife," says Myst.

,,Yes," Hern smiles and nods as he stand in his red silk night gown. His bare feet pressed agains the cold wooden floor. He sips and says, ,,What else have you found in the sack?"

,,Did you not open it?" says william as he steps to the sack like it is a trap peer at it, stepping slow, chest leaning back and him ready to leap.

Spear leaps from the deck and picks up the sack and dumps it to the ground.

All stare.

Two maggot covered apples, maggot covered lamb, slime covered vile, wine carafe, dagger, a scroll, slime covered shirt fuming of rot, moldy cheese, caltrops, arm length cord, gloves with finger tips cut, torn pants covered with mold and slime, a piece of parchment, a broke vial, a silk red cap, a closed filled pouch, two rocks, rolled leather pants, a leather pants fall from the bag ending with a pack that hits the pile with a clash.

William steps back, ,,What?"

,,Thieve's Safe," says Hern. "Make onces belongings look like trash and no one will want to touch them."

The dog barks at the group and Hern's wife closes the door.

,,You didn't look inside," says Myst.

,,No," Hern looks at Myst then back. "Not my things. The bag is protected to hold everything in."

Jan and Kirra part hands and stand by William.

Spear nears as William steps and nears. Spear says, ,,Slime."

,,The cold will kill it," says Jan.

A loud moan groans from the large barn door hinges and they both swing closed.

Hern's wife twists a handle  on the far side of the barn door.

William and Spear pack up the non-food items and through them in the sack Hern's pack except for the parchment, which William grabs and opens. ,,The map."

Myst laughs. ,,The loyalty of a friend."

William glances at Myst then opens the map. A pain stabs through his head. He lets the map fall and grabs his temples. ,,Head."

Spear steadies William's teetering body.

,,The height," says Hern's wife as she walks to the group. ,,Takes time to adjust."

William stands with a woble and half bows, ,,My name is William."

The woman looks at Hern then William. ,,San," she says. "It gets worser before better."

,,Is it the thin air?" says Minst.

,,Yes," says San.

,,We best be on our way." Spear wraps the bag with a robe and tosses it over shoulder. "I carry this." He walks the steps, drops the sack on the porch then walks inside.

,,Not many words," says San.

Myst smiles. ,,No, but a good and loyal friend. Myst."

,,Myst," says San. "I have heard about you."

Myst smiles.

Kirra looks at Hern. ,,Is the cliff wall the path down?"

Hern sips on tea. ,,The safest, but not the only." He smiles at the expresionless Kirra. "There is the crane that will lower the armor."

Kirra, Jan and Myst look at William

William smiles. He looks to the edge of the plain. ,,We my find its limit." He looks at Kirra. "We need to pack. Have a look at this map then be on our way."

,,I will meet you at the edge." Kirra turns and walks to the edge.

Jan follows waving at Hern, smiling a San then walking with her staff leading through the grass.

The furry dog runs after Kirra, circles around her then runs to the far edge of the cove.

William steps inside.

Spear ties of the short and wide pants and pulls his back overshoulders as William walks in.

The house smells of smoke as William wraps his amror in the rope.

William ties his armor in a bundle, thows hide over body then the chain mail shirt. He straps sword stide and hammer to the other. He throws on the large coats and pulls on the hide and fur pants over his leather pants. He lifts his bundle of armor with clanks and pings.

Myst hears the ruckus of hitting armor. She wipes a tear from eye and cluches her Star of Reighn, ,,I will sing the song of meeting again, Hern, for I am now closer to Reighn thanks to you kindness and the kindness of the pack."

,,You will be missed." He smiles. "Even Shake."

,,Have you warned about Guile?" says San. She walks the steps.

Hern sighs. ,,Not everything. I was hoping..."

San peers at Hern. ,,To forget."

Inside the house Spear points William's sword. ,,Strap to you back if you are to climb." Spear pulls tight the ties of his short but thick pants.

Willian nods. ,,Thank you."

They step to the porch as San peers at Hern and says, ,,To forget."

William and Spear see the peer and stop at the door.

Hern looks from Myst then San. He sighs and exhales a long slow breath. ,,We should talk and walk." He looks at Minst. "Have you everything?"

,,No," says Minst as he climbs the steps. "I have everything packed.  I only need grab my friends.

Everyone stands and remains silent as Minst steps into some pants that pull up to knees, tosses a thick coat on and grabs pack pulling on his dagger in scabbard and sliding hand between folds of armor to touch his spell book. His foots step break the calm, and his voice ease the tension as he says with awe and eyes wide. ,,A son!"

Sunshines bright beams over the rim of the plain. The snow along the edges glistens and the grass vibrates at tips fluttered by a soft breeze.

Hern steps down the steps and begins to walk through the grass toward the ledge.

Minst, William, Spear and Myst step down stairs and step quick behind Carlos.

They step a few steps before Myst, says, ,,Son. I didn't..." 

 Hern looks off into the distance, exhales a slow long breath, ,,The one who help Shake leave is my son. Our son. His given name is Jolip, which in dwarvish means bond or merge. A name he has never felt to feel." He stops the talk  and walks. "He prefers the surface talk name Guile. Guile. For reasons only Carlos could know he wanted to be called Guile a time ago." He glances to the side then look forward. "For years Jolip and I have not been close. I'll admit I have been too busy with the pack." He lifts his hand. "I was brought up independant. My mother released me to the pack after I could walk." His voice becomes rough and stern. "I do believe San and the human ways of mother hasn't helped is lack of disapline as much as my lack of understanding." He goes silent and walks. "I'm to blame. Jolip found through my freedom Branching. It was in Branching he found people to teach him how to invade people's minds and manipulate his body with will alone. It was there he learned his morals. I tried. I tried to let him find his with the sword or the spell or even prayer. He never enjoyed being with the pack." He glances to the side the looks forward. "It was difficult for him living as both human and dwarf. You may believe those of both human and elven parents are riddiculed, hated and seen as a mutant. If it weren't for him being a were then he would have likely been exciled or even killed with San and myself. Had I not been Sage Hern of the Rose Pack he would have never been raised inside the mountain." He exhales a long slow breath. "It may have been best. It may have been he would have found happiness. I don't know. Time may be changed, but I have not the power to change it. What is, is. I am to blame more than most. And no matter what I do I have created time to create outcomes worse than they may have been if I would have let Jolip be Guile." Hern walks slow across the plain starring at the distant ledge. Hearing only the bush of grass and a calm breeze blow by ears. He inhales deep and exhales. "Jolip was found in the Bazaar with two people clasping their heads and screaming. Jolip didn't run. He didn't move. He stood and watched them in pain. There are records that the two people were harassing Jolip. One hit Jolip. The other called him half-breed. Then the two hit the floor screaming at first then going silent with only a blank stare. The Yellow Pack took him to holding. The two men were taken to the Yellow Hospice. A place where they remiain. But not in beds. In rooms. Rooms for those who will hurt themsevles or others. They have no sanity. The have only screams, cries and pleads for death." He looks back. "This is not the Jolip I remember Cycles ago. ...Branching. ...And me. I should have been there more. I should..." His voice trails.

After a few steps of silence, Minst says, ,,I was rejected. And had it not been the elves it cloud have been bandits or..." He stops. "Parents can't control everything."

,,How old was he when he first went branching?" says Myst.

,,Old enough to make his way, but young enough to believe he is incontrol,'' says Hern. ''He's been alive thirty cycles."

,,Young for a dwarf," says Minst.

Hern nods. ,,About your age. Maybe a little younger for one of human and dwarf decent."

,,How long do dwarves live?" says Minst.

,,Hundreds of Cycles...Rotations." Hern shrugs and exhales a long slow breath. ''Too many at times."

They walk in silence for steps.

Hern says, ,,He was sent holding, to Judgement, to await judgement. He was held in the Yellow Quarter as is custom. I visited. I visited nearly every cycle. San, too. He wouldn't speak. He wouldn't. He didn't. He was in the cell for many rotations before you arrived." He pauses then says. "I thought. I believed I hoped. If I were able to have time, I thought, I could begin to think. I thought if he had the punishment he would seek judgement. I believed too much. I had Shake placed in a cell near Jolip nieve believing. I don't know."

They step and walk and stand at the edge of cliffs edge by Kirra and Jan.

The valley and moutain ring spans down and far.

The moutains ring the valley rising to the heigths of clouds with pointed tops poke the clouds with slopes and sheer wall falling to the bases spreading to the valley floor. The mountains are split with rivers flows between canyons. The mountians create a fortruss protecting a valley

The valley spans and covers a vast area. The valley is covered with light with white. The valley is covered with trees. A large lakes covers. Campire fires rise and creates clouds. The is a river far far below.

Below is sheer cliff with no ledges flowing ot skinny out crop ledges spanning along the mountainside until far far below the moutain slopes and slow to a raging rive that is only a thin line when it weaves through a canyon to the valley and into whote topped ever green and naked leaveless trees.

The stand and stare.

Minst breaks the silence with, ,,What happened with your son?"

,,I put Shake in a cell next to him. For the rotations everyone was serving their time, I was serving mine. I was teaching Shake cantrips. I was visiting with my son. I had thought. I had hoped he could find a friend in Shake. Deep inside I was trying to let him get a sense of the world beyond the mountain. That it could inspired him to leave the mountain after judgement. After he had helped the two people recover. I had hoped. A hope that is reserved for parents. A nieve hope. ...He left. Shake left his cage. I know not how. But he freed himself and my son." Hern pauses and looks side to side looking at the group.

,,What would you like for use to do when we find Jolip?" says William.

,,Tell him I love him," says Hern. "Let him know the people he left in the Hospice have no mind and need his help." Hern sighs. "Tell him... Tell him his father loves him."

Silence is. The time passes as they stare over the edge. A bird circle near twisting through the air spiraling. They stand at the edge and stare... Tears dry on cheeks. Bodies hold not wanting to move...

The dog barks and run past barking. A whistle is heard.

Minst feels his head pound. ,,How does the vein spread the air through the cavern?

Hern smiles. He wipes a tear from cheek near frozen. ,,Good question. It is simple. The underdark moss and the living machine provide the oxygen. The smoke from the furnaces proved the food for the plants. The trash provide fuel for the flame to create the smoke. The up gusts one feels while walking the city help clear the stagnet air, but also pushes fresh air through out the moutain. There is some magic here and there, but overall the balance throughout the cavern is even."

,,What's the living machine?" says William.

Hern steps from the ledge. ,,On your journey ask Jan. Come." He begins to walk along the ledge. "I need help setting up the block and tackle."

Hern walks from the group. Spear, William and Myst follow Hern's walk along the ledge. Hern leads them to the walk wall, waves a hand and whispers words.

A section of the rock face twice as wide as Spear and twice as tall as spear fades to a hall to darknes.

Hern mumbles dwarvish and lights appear illuminating long and deep room. Thick chains hang looped around spikes. Hammers, picks, shields suits of armor hang shining from floor to ceiling. Shelves of cans stack shelves each labeld with a few dwarvish words of food preserves. Sacks of corn and wheat are stacked against the wall. Parts of two large metal ballista, a catapult, and four cross bows lay disassembled by the walks.

Hern stops and points to a stack of block and tack, by four metal poles and set of gears with handles. ,,The block and tacke, the gears and metal poles." He picks up a metal pole and begins to drag it with one end.

Myst garbs a pole and drags follow Hern. William grabs a pole and lifts it from ground and carries it along the hall. Spear grabs the block and tackle and tosses the ropes holding the pieces as one over the shoulder, the chaines of the gears over the other shoulder and lifts the the last metal pole following the trio.

They carry the parts out following hern by Myst, Kirra and Minst to the middle of the ledge and drops the metal bar and walks to the ledge. Myst, William and Spear drop the bars, block and tackle and gears. Minst follows and stand wasy from the pile.

Kirra and Jan glance over then begin to walk the ledge looking at a series of spike with a loop at the top zigzagging down to the a ledge far below. The point at the ledge becoming a trail that dissappears around the corner.

,,Climb?" says Kirra.

Jan smiles. She kneels on knees. She slides staff horizontal through pack straps, crawls to ledge turns around and begins to decend grabbing on to small ridges and holes along the sheer rock face.

Kirra takes off her pack, quiver, bow and swords. She looks her belt through the quiver strap the bow the the back straps.

Herns stands and watches, says, ,,Spear, William, someone ask Kirra to wait for their help to threat the chains to help everyone who is not a rock climber to climbe down."

Spear steps and walks to Kirra.

Hern looks Myst. ,,No need to get these old fingers hurting during such a cold day."

,,What about the ice?" says Minst.

Hern shurgs. ,,There are enough foot holds and hand holds that with the sun heat and knowledge one can make it safely down."

Spear steps to Kirra as Kirra is pulling a rope from pack.

,,Kirra," says Spear.

Kirra looks at Spear as she pulls tight the pack top.

"Minst needs your help." Spear looks over the ledge. "Or Jan's to pull rope through the spikes to help the other down."

Spear looks along the edige and see the metal spikes with loops at tips spaning the width of shoulders in two parallel lines from top to bases.

Kirra looks past Spear then at Spear. With her jaw nearly lock she says, ,,Yes." She takes he bundle and give it to Spear. "Carry this down. Get me the chain."

Spear takes the pack and walks to Hern.

Hern points to four holes surrounded by metal rings. ,,We need to slide the poles into the holes and connect them with this." He points to the pyramid shaped object. "The cap will connect the four bars and connect the block and tackle to the poles. The hears and handle attach to the base of the pole." Hern looks up. "Spear is."

,,Kirra will," sasy Spear.

Hern looks at the poles then the door to the mountain storage then to Spear. Hern grabs Spears hand and presses two of his fingers together. ,,Grab the chain near the entrance this size."

Spear nods and walks off.

Kirra watches the Horizon.

Jan climb down.

Hern instructs Myst, William and Minst how to assemble the lift and lower.

Spear finds the chain.

Jan finds the path for foot holds and hand holds.

Kirra sits and feels the cold against the skin.

Spear drags the chain and drops it by Kirra.

William, with Minst and Myst and Hern holding his legs slides the poles at a slight angle. Then Hern takes the pyramind piece climbs to the ends of the poles and caps them.

Spear says, ,,The chain."

Hern climbs back to the ledge. ,,Find the parallel row of spikes in the mountain. There is a ring of iron about three of your strides from the ledge. Press the last link of the chain upon the top of the iron rod. The link will clip into the rod."

,,Clip," says Spear.

,,Fasten," says Hern.

Spear nods and leaves.

Minst stands and looks at breaths deeps, rubs his temples, ,,Where are we according to the map?"

Hern walks to William. 

William pulls out the map from the sack and gives it Hern walks to the edge and holds up the map. 

The map unrolls like a wide scroll the could wrap around Hern's broad and thich chest twice. 

Hern gives one end of the map tow William and the other to Minst and stands between.

The map is a detailed topographic from the moutain range aroud the valley and the beginnings of the two main canyons entering the canyon. The ink  lines are thin, but dark and contrast against shakde of brown to show height and depth of the mount rainds, the blues of lakes, rivers and waterfalls flowing from the mountains and in the valley. Small green crosses mark the batches of trees that covering the moutains and valley. Squares and circles mark towns and cities and villages. Red lines twist and wind from the mountains and through the valley by the towns and cities and villages then through the canyons.

Hern points to the lower left corner. ,,We are here." He peers at the map then opens eyeswide. ,,These red lines." His face  relaxes. "These red lines are the trails through the moutains to various entries into the moutains." Hern points finger at red line and traces it from a dot down the moutains to the river far below. "We are at this dot. The red line is the trail into the valley." Hern inhales and slowly exhales. "They, the creators of this map know every entrance along the valley wall into the moutains." Hern looks from Minst then William. "I don't even know all these entrances. Where was this map found?"

,,Inside the shaman's temple," says William. "I found it after being held and masked. it was
the only thing left after I came too."

Hern nods. He steps back and away. ,,We best hurry. Come, we will begin to lower the armor and packs." Hern walks toward Spear.

Spear kicks a metal bar, presses the final link against the curved bar into the ground then pulls on the chain. He looks up and sees Hern walking toward him along the edge of cliff. 

The cold breeze pushes and blows.     

Kirra watch Jan climb down the mountains.  
 
Jan's robe flaps and pushes through the wind. Her fingers feel frozed from the rock face  and the bits of ice still in the creaves. Her body feels beyond the cold and focuses on the ledge far below.

Kirra looks up from Jan to Hern stepping to Spear and her.

,,Kirra, if you would please loop the chain through to loop of the spikes zig-zagging until the bottom. At the bottom there is another spike to clip, latch, the link. He looks at Spear. "When the last has reached the bottom I will pull the chain up."

Kirra stands and shuffles through the pile of chains. ,,The chain is small."

,,It's dwarven. It will hold," Hern nods. "I must return to the pulley to help lower items. If you need anything lowered, I will lower it." His legs quick step to a jog. His red robe flaps in the wind.

William, Minst and Myst tie their packs and weapons in separate bundles. William tests the die of his armor. Minst lays his back on the ground and kneels, but then puts the pack  on back. 

William tries to look and make eye contact with Myst as she ties her drums to the rope wrapped around her pack and mace.

Myst holds the tremples of cold shivering through her body. She ties off her mace, touches the Star of Reighn around her neck. Warmth spreads from the star and through her body. She stands.

The bright sun shines. Its rays illuminate the cove casting away any shadows.

A dog barks near the house then beginning to run through the dew wet grass.

Hern steps and grabs the chain and winds it through the block and tackle. He points to Spear and Kirra as Kirra begins to climb down. ,,If you are to climb down using a chain ladder Kirra is threading the ladder now. The pully will be able to lower one at a time down."

Minst says, ,,I will cliimb with the chain ladder." Then he looks at William. 

Myst looks at William.

William looks at Myst and smiles. ,,I will climb down."

Myst shrugs and walks along the ledge to Spear.

Minst says, ,,I can caste a spell to to make you light as a feather so you may fall below slow and steady." 

,,And be blown about like a feather." Hern says while pulling the chain through Myst's and William's bundles.    

,,I will climb," says William. He flexes his guantlet to a fist and walks to Spear.

Minst holds the map and taps on the bag iwth the disk. ,,Would you like to copy the map?"

Hern says, ,,No.'' He looks up at Minst and winks. "I have it in mind enough to caste the illusion for those who want to know." He looks down and finishes threading the chain through William's armor.

,,Thank you," says Minst.

Hern clips the end of the link to another chainlink then pushes the bundle to the ledge grunting, ,,For what may I ask?"

Minst lowers and helps hern push the big bundle over with hte ledge.

The bundle slips over the ledge, falls and snaps the chainlinks taught as the bundle sways.

The bars of the poles bend and bounce and settle. The chain goes taut.

Minst stands and brushes pants. ,,I thank you for the spell, the return of the disks your kindness. I know if we were to meet in many places here and far such kindness would not be found."

Hern watches the bundles sway and steady. He smiles to the horizon. 

,,MINST!'' hollers Spear. The holler echoes.

Minst looks back.

Spear holds the chain letting the slack slowly release form the chain roll around his shoulder as William stand watching Kirra. Kirra slowly climbs down the sheer wall using foot and hand holds to decend whil weaving the chain through the loop topped spikes making a skinny chain ladder.

,,WHAT?" hollers Minst. The holler echoes.

Spear's peer hits Minst's sight, and he looks at Hern. "I will go now."

Hern begins to slowly twist the handle on the wheel to turn the wheel and give slack to the chain to lower the chained bundle. He smiles. ,,Good journey."

,,We will find Guile," says Minst.

Hern looks forward and turns the handle focusing on the pulley and sway of the bundle.

Minst stands and stares.

,,MINST!" Hollers William.

Minst steps from Hern and jogs to Spear, William and Myst and through the grass. His head begins pound with pain. His breath is short and quick. ,,What?"

William points past Jan

,,What?" says Minst breathing deep. "What's wrong."

William smiles. ,,We have nothing to ask or need of you. We only wanted to see you run."

,,What?" says Minst.

Spear slaps him on the back.

Minst steps forward with the slap on back.

,,No," says Spear. "Can you caste a spell on William if he falls?"

,,Why don't you let me fly you down," says Minst.

,,I need to climb this ladder," says William.

All look down watching Kirra loop the chain from spike to spike and Jan climb down the face of the rock slow and steady.

A bird cry harks from a distance. A shadow of a bird flap its wings before the sunshine.

,,Yes," says Minst. He smiles. "I will fly down as I need to improve my flight."

William nods.

The sun rises. It reaches the peak above illuminating the cover with its brilance. The dew dries. A cool breeze begins to blow.

A screech pierces the silence of the breeze blowing.

Hern slowly lowers the bundle of armor and packs until it hits the ground. He walks fast away from the lift and hurries through the grass to the house then to the door that leads into the mountain.

Jan reaches the ledge base and sits in the trail's ledge a distance from the chain ladder. She sits at the edge, closes eyes and opens mind to feel.

Kirra reaches the bottom, clips the end of the gain to a spike at the base. Then with quickness unties her bundle form waits, latches back on back, dones sword and dagger and holds a notched bow with arrow in hand as she walk away from Jan and along the trail.

Myst, William, Minst and Spear watch Hern run through the grass to the house then the house and into the door that leads to the mountain.

,,We won't be having parting words," says Myst.

,,Where could he be in a hurry to be?" says Minst.

,,The map," says William. "I believe it gave him a fear of the knowledge of the Goblin Horde."

Spear nods. ,,You begin," says Spear looking at William.

William looks down.

The span of the clifff face feels to span beyond time and space.

William's hand begins to shake until he clenches his fists and he feels a surge of anger flow from the guantlet. He kneels and grabs the chain ladder and descends the chain ladder followed by Spear then Minst and Myst.

The bird shadow begins to grow

Myst steps from the chain ladder as Spear and William with the help of Jan unwind and tie the bundle of armor and packs. She kneels and unfastens the chain from the spike. She looks up to see Kirra's walking around the bend letting loose a volley of arrows holler, ,,ON GUARD!"



