Darkness hides and grabs and arm wraps around Kirra and Jan's legs, waists, chests and arms.

A rag and palm muffle their mouths. Ropes are tied around ankles, forearms, and chest and arms.

People talk in hushed one or two word sentences. 

The snow and pine needs crunch under feet. The wind gusts blow snow mist.

Jan and Kirra are carried wiggling and jerking and kicking over the snow to an open dirt pit. They are tosses. They land on soft and stiff dead bodies of women, men and children.

Sweat, shit, rot and decay shatter the cold and hold back the breeze. 

Jan and Kirra roll to a stop and the soft warmth of a recent dead.
 
Dirt and snow fly and spread over Kirra and Jan as one voice says over and over. ,,Faster, faster, faster,'' barely above the wind breeze. Dirt and snow spreads over legs, waist,  chests and face. The dirt cloggs mouth and fils nose. 

Jan and Kirra are pressed against the bodies.

Warm corpes bleed through the red snow. Smell of feces pouring from instines and stomach spreading and smearing with snow over warm corpes. 

The warm flow blood pools around their hands.

Kirr and Jan wiggle and pull and push against the ropes. Kirra pushes hands and wrists into blood and shifts arms and back pulling arms, wrists hands through robes. Jan rubs blood between wrists and slides on back over dead bodies feeling for an edge.

Dirt hits and spreads over bodies.

The wind gusts aways muffled laughter and whiskers.

Dirt hits and spread over neck and face.

Kirra's hands squeeze and its skin feels stretches from between the rope warp.

Dirt hits and spreds over chest.

Jan feels an edge if an hip plate. Her hands rub rope fast over edge.

Dirt hits and ways.

Kirra and Jan feel dirt inhale through nose, cough, gage. Head and shoulders shift and stick and hold. The weight holds the bodies still.

The sound of wind and laughs fade. The sound of head beats and distant breaths push through the pack.

Jan pulls hand apart and pushes arms against dirt. Her lungs burn and feet kick to wiggle around the dirt. She tries to push force from body.

The dirt on shakes.

Kirra kicks and hits Jan.

Lungs burn and begin to feel to melt then explode.

Jan and Kirra shake short burst and vibration.

Kirra's hands slip free but fall faint...

As William hear's Jan's voice gust past. ,,Attackers. Help. Where the bodies are barried.''

William hands off buckets of water and steps from line looks and peers through the darkness.

The sound of Dante's voice flows from afar as he stands by an hole and wall of wood. His sihlouette contrast agains torch light flames licking the cold night and falling snow.

William runs over snow and rock. He sees Myst and Minst step into a cloth pavillion looks forward and runs.

A tight forces feels to wrap around William.

,,Where?'' says William. He stands and looks from line of water; the tents along the river bank; the burn and dismantled tent city; the trees; to the soldiers watching from hole and tree into the forest.

He hears laughter from men with the wind and feels strugglin wrap around ankles, forearms and chest.

,,The wind,'' says William. He walks toward the wind

He run to the forest and the snow fall. He smells decaying flesh and feels a sensation of some thing spreading over body.

The wind blows and the fall snows.

William smells and feels dead bodies.

William runs into the wind, to the trees and by Dante. ,,ATTACK.'' He hollers as he follows the smell of decay through the breeze and trees and by guards in packs with torch light.  
                    
A few solders holler, ,,HALT.''

A feel of suffication flows over William then fades.

Torches burn through the wall of spreading trees casting shadows of people standing and digging.

One walks in a circle through the trees.

Snow cruches and pines needs squish under foot fall of William.

Willaim runs through the trees into a clearing.

Torches whip and flicker shadows of people standing and shovelling. People stand by dead bodies stacked near a hole as pig as a pavillion. People dig fast.

Two soldiers step from a stand, turn and create a wall before the pit.

William slows and presses agains the two soldiers, breaks through, falls to ground, sees Kirra's bow and quiver on side of grave then feet stand before. He looks up and stands.

,,Leave, outsider,'' says a soldier with grayiing long hair and a scare across cheek.

Soldiers stab shovels in ground and stand around William.

William leaps leading with should at the scared warrior lifting head and slamming shoulder into the warriors chest like taught when wrestling
with the Rose Pack.

William and the soldier fall to the ground. Willaim scrambles to the hole reaching then edge before shovels slams back and head.

Laughter flows through the cold winter snow warming rage within William

William kicks and grabs snow and dirt and falls into the grave.

Two soldiers slam shovels heads upon William's back. The scare faced warrior crawls and jumps on William. Two other grabs William's legs and arms and pull him from the ground.

,,NOOOOOOO,'' screams Willia as snow and dirt fall from williams glenched fists. He pulls and tugs and jerk. He is lifted and thrown.

A sword tip flash before William.

,,YEILD!'' hollers Dante. His voice bursts through the wind and steadies the swords to stall by William's head.

,,Yield, Wendle,'' says Dante cool and calm.

,,HE ATTACKED,'' Wendle screams stepping back from the circle
of soldiers to the edge of the pit. His voice fades from an echo and stares
at William.

,,You discust me,'' says William as he stands, stumbles, walk to edge and jumps into pit and
digs with hands.

The soldiers watch William dig with hands. They watch Wendle lower shield and step back from Dante.
They watch Dante stare back Wendle and hold them back with his stare to William.

Dante pulls shovel from ground and walks to the edge of the pit. He says loud above the gust and wind holding face and eyes open against the spray of snow over face. ,,Shovel"

William hollers quiet enough not to echo. ,,KIRRA. JAN. BARRIED.''

Dirt flies and catches in wind.

William and dig into cold dirt and scraps.

Dante stands at edge of hole and stares at Wendle.

Wendle looks at the ground then away. He opens mouth to speak, but now words are spoke before the soldiers behind William climb and jump into the pit and begin to ding into the loose dirt and throw it behind.

Dante stares at Wendle

William digs and finger tips scrape over leather and round metal studs.
,,HERE.''

Kirra's lungs burn, press, explode. Head and body floats and feels to fade. A distant touch feels to push against leg. The touch digs around leg to waist.

Hands scrap and mover along outline of arms and legs and shoulders neck then head.

Kirra bursts from dirt. Mouth is wide gasping. First are flying and body rolls toward Jan.

Willaim falls away from Kirra's fist. The fist hits a soldier upon the face and leads Kirra's body on top of Jan's.

,,KIRRA,'' says William. ''DIG.''

Dirt flies, and Kirra glares.

Jan's still body lay. Her mind lay in status. Her heart beats once then is still. It beats. Then it is still... It beats. Through the echos of body Jan hears Kirra.

,,Jan,'' says Kirra sterna and strong, but below a shout or holler.

Jan mouth opens and chest inhales. She coughs and gags. Her heart pounds and chest cools. She breaths.

Kirra leaps Dante.

William reach to block Kirra with arms and chest. He is hit back and deflects Kirra toward Dante. Dante steps back and hollers without echo, ,,YEILD,'' and stares at soldiers lifing swards arond Jan and Kirra. 

Kirra pulls out knife and swipes knife as she stands near Jan. 

The soldiers claw and crawl from the dead bodies and pit.

All is still for a moment as the snow falls as bodies remain still like ice as eyes look the stares.

William steps and stands by Kirra and Jan and peers at Dante. ,,If it weren't for Kirra the animals may very well killed every being in you camp. If it were not for Jan we may not have been warned. If being barried alive is how we treat friends or even enemies then let us leave you camp and find our own warmth in the snow.''

Dante nods. ,,These are not the points of the diamond. These are not our ways though our ways and life  are distant from this camp.'' Dante looks from William to Kirra and Jan then to Wendle. ''Wendle, explain. And be careful what you say for you are Judgement will be passed upon you words.''

Wendle points to Kirra. ,,She killed. Feel from those trees and killed one of our own. And that witch of hers brought those animals. Never before had attack been that big.'' Wendle peers from Kirra, Jan and William and stares at Dante.

,,Vile being,'' says William.

Dante holds up a hand. He peers from soldier to soldier.

Heads hang and eyes look away.

The snow falls and the wind blows.

,,I am aware of the actions of both Kirra and Jan. I am aware also of their help during battle. It was my hope after the fires, the healing and the defenses were constructed that we'd be able to have a council to pass judgement upon the acts many have witness." Dante nods. ''I see I have errored. I have given reason for doubt and hate to build and burst in to two being burried alive." Dante looks at Kirra and Jan. ''I do hope you forgive.'' He bows then looks down at the dead of children and adults laying in poses of screams and sleep. ''Now, if we may, let us remove ourselves from this pit of our dead and continue this judgement away from those who have had theirs given to the them.''

Dante steps from the pit and stand along pit's edge with the other soldiers and stares at William. ,,I give you my honor in return for your safety until we may judge-''

,,I know nothing of you. I care nothign of your honor. I have been through judgements enough. Kill me know and hide me among you dead or let me leave your dead camp,'' says Kirra.

,,William,'' says Dante. ''Please. We will be fair.'' His blue eyes stare deep and soften upon William. His voice flows feel calm and loving like a song for William. ''We do not kill unless being attacked.''

William looks at Dante. 

The now falls over Dante and appears to warm to steam. The wind blows his hair flowing from steel cap rimmed with fur. 

William shivers. He says, ,,I stand with Kirra and Jan.'' He stares at Dante. ''Allow us to leave.''

Dante looks from William to Wilber. He nods and looks at each soldier. He looks at Jan then Kirra then William. Dante and William stare. ,,We can not have two seek revenge during the cover of darkness."

,,Three,'' says William. "If it was revenge we sought.''

Dante nods and looks into the wind. ,,Please come with me.''

Soldiers raise their shields and grip swords. 

Dante looks at the soldiers.

The soldiers relax hand and arm and let shield lower and hand fall to side or fondle sword hilt.

He looks back to Willliam, Jan then Kirra. ,,During the morning I will let you free to leave the  canyon.''

Jan stares at Dante and says, ,,You should follow.''

,,We can't,'' says Dante. ''Too many may die until the sun comes and the snow melts.'' He says strong and calm almost soothing. Sorrow is felt with the words.

Jan feels truth. She feels the dirt fall from face and soak into the blood on arms. Her algea cloak begins to shade the hue red. Her warm body feels the pull of the wind and  the freedom of hte flow. She sees herself starring with Dante. ,,Their desire is to kill everyone.''

The soldiers look from trio in the pit of bodies to Dante. Their storn and stern looks soften and sink casting fear.

Dante nods. His song skips and voice lets slip a crack, ,,Yes. Their attacks were testing our defenses. The sound from the horn helped, but given the enemy and its orderly retreat it was  the call of the wild having them leave and not that horn." He looks at Kirra. ''No matter how far it made me want to run away.''

Steps toward the edge of the pit. ,,They will return. We will not.''

Kirra watches the soldiers watch Jan wiping blood from hand and hanging other hand by dagger. She looks from the soldiers and looks into the night for her bow and quiver then at Jan stepping climbing from pit and with William stepping toward her with his hand on sword hilt. Kirra walks from William to other side of pit near Wilber.

Wibler grips sword hilt.

Dante says, ,,Yield.''

,,She already passed judgement on John.'' Wilber looks at Kirra and begins to pull sword.

,,Hold Wilber. For if she wished to feel the judgement of my blade then attack you she will,'' says Dante.
        
William looks back and steps to the edge of pit near where Jan stands by Dante.
        
Kirra steps up dead bodies with hand on hilt. Her feet press flesh and faces, hand and arms of dead children and adults. She steps the blood soaked snow stares at Wilber. She whispers, ,,When I leave, we may fight our justice.'' She stands and stares and walks with the wind to past Dante to Jan's side. ''Morning.'' She says looking at Dante then she looks back to Wilber and says, ''Morning.'' She sees her bow and quiver and pack.  She walks through the trees toward the camp toward the pack and says with pace. ''Save you judgement for your God.''

The cold wind blows blow the sound of Kirra's feet pressing and crunching snow. Jan follows without looking back feeling  her staff to be beyond Kirra's bow and arrow. William steps looking over shoulder at soldiers standing and starring at Dante.

,,Wilber,'' says Dante. His eyes go from soldier to soldier before saying, ''Dig,'' and then turns and follows Jan and Kirra.

William stands and waits for Wilber to pass the follows Wilber and Dante through the forest then walks behind Wilber within striking distance. 

Wilber laughs. ,,No back for the enemy to dagger,'' says Wilber. His rough voice carries with crackles with a gust.

Foot falls create tail the snow covers. They lead through trees and too the rock and pine of the cleaing and the bank of the river.

Kirra and Jan walk spread away from Dante. Dante leads Wilber and Wiliam follows until torch light castes night to shadows and frames the heads of Minst and Myst walking through the trees.

Minst points, and Myst stares. The stand letting the light flicker.

Jan and Kirra walk past Myst and Minst the walk to come to gether behind at the edge of the trees and near the clearing.

The edge of the trees is illuminated with a wall of time casting both Kirra and Jan with a white glow. The wall of light shines bright but dims fast two tree lengths into and from the tree line making a line of day along the trees to the bend of tree around the clearing. The light spans to darkness after Myst and Minst.

,,Where have you been?'' says Minst looking at Dante then William as William appears in the fire torch light.

Dante stands tall and straight. His hair blows from back an flutters with breeze and gusts. Snow flakes collect on his eye lashes. ,,There was a situation of disorder.'' His voice calm, firm and commanding. He begins to step when William steps near the back of Wilber. 

William stands and says, ,,Wilber and Diamond soldiers tried to bury Kirra and jan alive,'' he stares a look at Myst and glances at Minst.

,,Dante?" says Myst like a question. ''Is this true?" She pulls cloak tight over shoulders and looks with face turned slight from the wind.

Dante looks back at Wilber. ,,The truth will be known as soon as we return.''

William walks past nudging Wilber's shoulder with his and walking on while looking at Myst. ,,I dug them from dirt. I seen the ropes around body.'' He walks on to join Jan and Kirra standing at the edge of light.

,,Why?'' says Minst.

Dante steps and looks back to Wilber then glances at Minst as he walks to the wall of light. ,,Wilber will be letting us know why such action has been taken.'' He walks to the light and past Jan, Kirra and William. He whispers and waves a hand. 

A door of darkness opens into the wall. 

Dante stops by the door of darkness. ,,It's light to block site beyond and distiller of magic. Please follow me if you wish to step through." 

,,Or fly over,'' says Minst as he points up and as his body lifts from ground.

Kirra, Jan and William follow Dante and Wilber through the door. Minst lands on the snowy grond and follows behind Minst through the door. 

The snow falls and melts over the rock and silt and into fire pits, log and rock walls and tents on onside of the river. 

Soldiers stand with crossbow mounted on rock and logs. They stack rocks and dick holes behind walls and at random locations. The soldiers eat and sleep against the walls letting only snorts and coughs be their talk. The soldeirs walk in marching order around the opening to and from the tent cropping. 

The dead bodies along the river and the tents near glow with fire light. People wearing robes and cloaks look over the each of the bodies. People walk from person to person and pull off shoes, shirt and belts and jewelry from the bodies. 

The smell of campfire smoke flows with the shifting wind. 

,,Don, return last night,'' says Dante. ''This wall will help for tonight. It appears he has finished it.'' He glances back then forward and says louder above the gust that become the wind. ''We have defenses. We have magic. We have might. We don't have time.''

The wind, feet crunching snow, crying babies, soldier commands and fake bird and wolf calls fills the silence as they walk.

William walks by Kirra. ,,Have you seen Spear?''

Kirra looks at William and shakes head. 

,,Less talk,'' sasy Jan.

They walk over the ice covered rocks.

William slips, falls on armor covered side. His sword does fly and land near hand. 

The line stops and stares. 

Wilber's grin is illuminated by fire light making it feel to be from the devil.

Williams stand, grabs sword and walks on placing and pressing each foot before the step over the ice covered rocks.

Dante leads the group across the clearing in the center in a clearing until a pavillion tent appears before them. The pavillion thick hid doors are tied closed. The thick hind died white with read line spans twice  as tall and Dante. 

Two solders holding sword and shield look at Dante.

,,The commad center,'' says Minst.

,,A center,'' says Dante.

,,Word is beyond the door,'' says one soldier.

,,Story comes from it,'' says Dante. He then walks toward the hide door, pulls it back and holds it as William, Jan, Kirra, Wilber then Myst and Minst step into the pavillion.

Children and Men and Women lay on rows four teired bunk beds raising form ceiling. They sleep. A few babies cry.

Children and Men and Women stand between bunk beds adn hold children and babies.

Moaning people lay in far corner.

Near is at able before a kettle and a funnel to a chimmeny. People grab  wooden and tin bowls and laddle food into bowls. The heat thick stew with fingers. The stand and talk with people whispering.

Children holding babies walk the rows with a bounce stepping around the talkers and the standers and the prayers.

Blankets drap before the bunk beds. Each tear like sleeping in the relief beds of the holding area of the rose quarter wall.

Don steps from between two blankets, as thick as two fingers and steps between and past people nodding and smiling  while he steps around and between people. He looks down at kids holding babies and says a few words and nods and tips head when leaving.

The noise of whisper raises to a chatter near the group as people look and point at Dante.

Jan, Kirra, William and Myst, Minst stand and step back and forth and suffle around each other stepping from the paths  of people.

,,What is this place,'' says MInst. ''I sense spheres and reliefs of magic weak and strong.''

Dante stand still and says above a whisper while stepping toward Don. ,,Come. Please to where we can talk.''

Don steps and smiles.

Both Don and Dante nod.

Then Dante steps behind Don.

Minst and Myst step behind Dante. Myst glances at William.

William looks at Jan then Kirra. Kirra looks at Jan. Jan steps a step behind Myst.

They lead and follow between beds and people. Smells of feces, sweat and sage in wiffs and clouds. Mint and wood smoke hide but do not cover the smell. 

Kids and adults sit floor and stare to the void. They look down at the feet and not up to the head as the groups steps single flie through the pressed area.

The rug covered ground is covered with dirt and mud.

The wooden bunk beds bend and creek and squeek as people stand from and lay upon the bed. Pieces of frayed bark still stuck to body float to ground. A piece falls on a mans head and remains as William steps past. 

The step right, left through smoke and between people and rows of bunk beds to a corner blocked of by blankts hanging from the slanted top of the pavilion to the ground.

Don spreads two blankes followed by Dante then Wilber, Minst, Myst, Kirra, Jan and William.

The blanket closes.

The smells, sounds and sights of the people quiet.
 
An even magical glow illuminates a standing room of three people standing around a small raised table.  The rug floor is clean. The smell of peaches fills the room making sleeping minds and tired muscles feel prime and aware.

Grete, Hans and person dressed in a a rob of white with black diamonds in rows from hood to robe's bottom.

Dante breaks the sudden silence and the quiet stares. ,,Grete and Hans have been met. This is Golath, the Edge.''

,,A high priest of Diamond,'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Dante. He points to each of the companions. ''I bring Minst, Myst, William, Kirr and Jan.''

,,You hold,'' says Kirra.

Dante glance at Kirra, pauses, then continues a flow of talk like the beginning again of a stopped song. ,,Wilber you know. We are here to have judgement passed and give safety to our guests,'' He says guest while glancing at Wilber then continues with out pause. ''For they will be leaving in the morning and have found our giving to be more taking.''

,,What's the event of judgement?'' says Grete. She clenches jaws and stares at Dante.

,,Speak free for your speech helps me be,'' says William.

Grete looks at Dante. ,,Need these guests be here. Know of here.''

There is silence.

Golath nods.

,,Your words weigh. My judgement was in hoping to show our guests trust for what occurred prior and recently.'' Dante looks at Jan then Kirra then Grete pausing only for an instance to sing home the words with his deep and  calm voice, ''I hope to show trust by revealing our state and our people hoping they will intrust to use their knowledge to help us live, to survive the winter and leave the valley alive.''

,,Judgement shining and hard,'' says Grete. ''Let us refrain talk of defenses.''

,,I agree with your judgement,'' says Dante.

Hans looks at Kirra and Jan and then Wilber.

Dirt and blood scrap from Kirra's shoulders and back and she steps away from the group the to the blanket wall.

,,Wilber took right of judgement upon his own using methods I believe the Shining Glory wouldn't illuminate of tieing and burrying alive Kirra and Jan,'' says Dante.

,,She killed Tray. I seen it. Feel from the tree and killed him.'' Wilber looks wild and set from with expression and gesticaltion.

,,Wilber,'' says Grete. ''Are the truth of burying being true.''

,,Yes,'' says Golath. He lowers hands to sides.

,,You are aware you are given not right for judgement without peers?'' says Han.

,,Yes, but-''

,,Wilber,'' says Gloth. He pulls back hood. ''Please let the judgement illuminate.''

,,Gods never do care,'' says Kirra. ''This is-''

,,Please be kind to our ways,'' says Dante with force of a battle command. 

Han looks at Kirra. ,,Did you kill Tray?''

KIrra looks at Han and says calm and clear. ,,I killed on a tree limb one shooting arrows into Jan's back.''

,,Jan appears healthy to me,'' says  Grete. She looks at Kirra. ''Could it not be thought the action of shoot arrows at Jan was an act of defense afterall she was running into the camp during a time of invasion?''

,,Yes,'' says Dante.

Grolath says, ,,Is it not true Kirra assulted you, took possession of you horn during battle?''

,,Yes,'' says Dante.

,,It is also true only Grete and Golath and Don knew of Jan and Kirra,'' says Han.

,,Yes,'' says Dante.

,,Wilber, by what right do you alone pass judgement upon any being?'' says Golath.

,,By right of rank and war,'' says Wilber. His stance goes from a slouch to a stand. ''By right to prevent further attack.''

,,Are you not trusting of Dante's leadership?'' says Grete.

Wilber looks at Grete and glance at Dante. His dirty beard sticks to armor as his head stops self from moving then speak. ,,I. I have...'' He stands silent. "No, I have no confidence in Dante.''

Dante's shoulders feel to slump but remain straight. He stares foward. Han, Grete and Golath stare at Dante. 

William looks at Dante then Wilber. Minst and Myst look at Dante. Jan looks over the wall of the tent then the tent's rug kicking it feeling her food hit solid flag surface.

Kirra lets, ,,Humph,'' loses and folds arms.

,,What's your judgement, Dante?'' says Golath.

,,May leadership and judgement lead to the break down of the order,'' says Dante. ''I do believe Wilber should be stripped of rank. I do believe is to should be removed as leader of the camp and its warriors given spread doubt of my leadership. And given our current predictament I understand why such doubt should exist.''

Grete, Han and Golath stand look at the group across. The group looks at Grete and Han and Golath.

Golath says, ,,Han and Grete would be affected by judgement upon you I will therefor pass judgement upo you, Dante." Golath pulls back hood revealing a sharp face and smooth dark skin. Golath lips are thin andand hair is cropped like a bowl abover the hears. Golath's sight feels to shine and sooth. 
"I judge the people in this pavilion and the soldiers outside would be dead had you not inspired to return and save the people in this pavilion and the soldiers fighting to harden our lives." Golath looks at William, Kirra, Jan, Myst, Minst, who feel their tired bodies and sore muscles awake and sooth. Golath looks at Wilber. 

Wilber straighten's back as Golath looks away from him. He stand at attention.  

Grete looks at ,,Wilber, take your sword and shield and put them down for the bowl laddle and go server the people of the pavilion or leave the camp and follow the pass and freeze.''

Wilber nods and pivots and steps.

,,Halt, Wilber'' says Dante with back to Wilber. 

Wilber stops; his shoulders slump. His head softly pivots side to side as he exhales.

''If you wish to leave the camp we will supply you with food and time.''

Kirra looks and Wilber and they stare.

''If you want to remain you will refrain from passing judgement,'' says Dante.
 
Wilber steps between the blankets saying silent, ,,Sir.''

Noise of a babies cry flows through gap the stops once the blankets fall and settles.

They stands and look from the now still flaps.

Dante step from the group and walks the table and stands between Golath and Gete. He looks upon Jan, Kirra, William, Minst then Myst. He says to all. ,,We have no more time to defend or fight. We have not place we know to go. We will not survive the week.'' He nods toward Don. ''Don returned two nights after casting minor illusions that will give goblins reason to ignore this canyon. With the winter, we hope these illusions will help save.''

Don grunts and gruffs and says, ,,Those illusions are of a novice.'' He nods, but should fool a week goblin mind.'' He looks at Dante and lowers head. ''My, my, my apologies.''

,,You may intrupt me anytime, my friend.'' Dante flashes a smile then lets it fade for the words. ''We believe we can survive the winter then leave through the pass after thaw, but with what was a night of battle unlike we have seen from these forest people I fear we will not be able to move the people from the valley.'' 

,,You illusions will do nothings to protect the goblins because an illusionist is controlling the army,'' says Minst.

William closes his eyes, but doesn't move from the feeling of dread that spreads from his ears to his mind through his body.

,,An illusionist,'' says Don. ''Interesting." Don looks at Minst. ''How do you now?''

,,I...'' Minst looks from Don to William. "Was told."

Don nods head. ,,Illusionist.'' He sighs. ''If it's true then...''

Dante puts hand on Don's shoulder. ,,My friend if it be true then we will fight to the last warrior." He looks at William. ''We will take the pass you walked  from if it is the case. If we can survive the winter.'' 

William sighs and says barely above a mutter. ,,It's time like these I wish Shake were here to...''

,,To make sure we are jailed or steal something,'' says Myst.

William looks at Myst then away closing eyes. ,,No." He opens them. ''No, I wish here were here to help us be selfish to survive.''

,,If thoughts are troubling your soul then it best to release with words and help,'' says Dante. 

Golath nods.

,,You will not survive the winter,'' says Jan. She looks from Golath to William. She stares at William's eyes.

William closes eyes and slightly nods.

Jan looks at Kirra then Dante. ,,The canyon's name is Blue,'' says Jan.

,,Canyon's name?'' says Minst.

,,It's soul?'' says Dante.

Myst looks deep at Dante and parts lips to say, ,,Yes,'' and talk more about what he means by a canyon's soul, but holds the talk and looks at the quartet of leaders standing near Dante.

,,Yes,'' says Jan. ''And no. It is a being that gave part of it's soul to the canyon."

,,This Blue,'' says Han. ''Can we kill it?"

Jan looks at Dante. ,,If you kill the trees, birds and animals, youselves you will kill Blue.''

,,See,'' says Don. ''I knew.'' He looks at Dante. ''I knew we are better off hiding everyone in the pavilion at night.''

,,It was written in the lore." Don looks at Jan. ''I didn't know the name?''

,,Could we summons it?'' says Minst.

,,If you know how to summons?'' says Don. ''Summons and have the power to hold the line to reel a big catch to you.''

,,What of the illusions, Minst?'' says Grete.

William feels Minst's stare. He glances at Minst and looks at Grete. ,,Have you ever heard of Carlos the Barded Dwarf?''

Don smiles, ,,Carlos. I have read.''

,,I know a few of his songs,'' says Dante.

,,He's an illusionist,'' says Golath.

William pauses letting silence settle to the floor from his stare from the quartet's stare to the rug covered ground. ,,He lead us on a quest that has become an illusion of illusions.''

,,Carlos!'' says Don. ''The Barded Dwarf? How? Is he the leader of the Goblin Horde.''

,,We have no God's knowing of who leads the Goblins army," says Myst.

William inhale and gasps then waits for silence.

,,Could Carlos be the leader?'' says Dante.

,,Could. Yes. If what could be the topic then a could be topic is that you could be illusions created to guide 	`us into the goblin horde,'' says William. He opens mouth.  
  
,,You're thinking like Shake,'' says Myst.  
  
,,He was right about Carlso,'' says William  William tries to slow down the talking feeling a desire to let the story free from mind like it will be the key to being free of the canyon.

Myst and William look at the other.

,,What gives you belief William that the Goblin horde is lead by and illusions?'' says Golath.

William slowly inhales the slowly exhales and looks upon Golath. ,,Before we found the mountain pass we were in a goblin town.'' He stops and speaks slow thinking not to let the talk of the dwarven adventure be unveiled. ''The town was in the Western Canyon.''

,,The Swamp Canyon?'' says Dante.

,,There's been goblins there for years?'' says Don.

,,With buildings?'' says William looking from Dante to Don. ''With a temple and priests?''

Dante looks at Myst. ,,It's true.'' She pulls back cloak showing her arms and drum.

Minsts glances at Myst and looks at Don and William. ,,The wood was milled. Fat. There were boardwalks and awnings and evens. Doors and nobs. The temple in the enter a two teired cone. The wall.''

,,I have been seen and felt this like the echo of a vibration througha diamond," says Golath. ''They have grown. The controlthe canyon and wait the winter to reach beyond as the sight seen now shows." Golath looks from Dante to William, Myst, Minst, Kirra and Jan then his looks at everyone. "This is what I have seen in my dreams. I thought it of the future, but now I know it is the present."

Silences settles and spreads then is broke by Kirra clearing her throat and spitting on ground. ,,Time goblin and human are the same.'' She stares at Dante.

Dante crosses brow at Kirra then lets the wrinkles fade for the soft song voice and question, ,,And of these illusions what have you seen or believed to be seen?'' Dante looks at William. ''Carlos. Carlos the Barded dwarf?" His face slumps and shakes. Wrinkles spread from brow to eyes to cheeks. Dante looks old.

,,The illusionsit. The one were are talking around could be my distant grand mother,'' says William. ''Who may or may not be creating a goblin horde to caste revenge upon the valley and the dwarves because of Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

Don mummble underbreath then says aloud, ,,You're a  Wilshire,'' he says.

William nods.

,,A Wilshire,'' says Grete.

,,That would explain what we have seen and what we see.'' says Han.

William clenches guantlet covered hands, grabs the hilt of sword and steps to the table. As he pulls the sword, he says, ,,Mock or joke of my family, and you will be answering to my sword.

Kirra grabs William's hand on hilt holding it from moving. ,,Wait,'' she whisper only to William. Willima flashes a scold to Kirra that softens the a glare then
a nod. ''I wish to leave now,'' says William. He peers at Dante. ''If you are of any honor, you will allow those who wish to leave to depart with a pledge
to leave the canyon, or give me right to fight for our freedom that you hold.''

,,William,'' says Myst. "It wasn't an insult.''

,,It wasn't a compliment,'' says William. looking from Myst to Han.Dante says, ,,It was not. My apoligies for the preceived insult. It appears I am unable to command my own poeple. Therefore the blame is mind,'' says Dante. He triest to lighten mood and his stern face with a smile before he says, ''Unless Han wishes time to explain his comment.''

,,You know the history of the Wilshires." Han creates a fist and stares. "We know it was the Wilshires that killed women and children to spread their power, their trade control. And now we have one here. Here on the night when creators of the wild run from the the trees to kill, we meet a Wilshire." Han says with a long breathe and exhale.

,,ENOUGH!'' hollers William.

,,Yes,'' says Myst. Her peer hits Dante. ''If you claims be true then be an honorable host and speak not of William's family with such obvoius content.''

Han opens then shuts mouth. He nods and glance and Dante then at then the ground. He raises his voice as he then looks at William's eyes. ,,I apologize. If my passion  is expressing anger it si because of memories of thousands killed during the trade wars with the Wilshire." Han nods. "That is the distant past, but not long enough  to bring rage when I hear one of yours may lead the goblin army that have killed mre than the Wilshires.''

,,How large was your families reach,'' says Minst.

,,Too far,'' says Han.

,,Not far enough,'' says William. ''I  now of the diamonds. I am aware of your people killing my family and the alliances we held through peace and honor. I also know  of your lies.''

,,LIES,'' rasies Hans voice.

Golath clears throat and taps knuckle on woood table. ,,Calm. Focus. Stay.''

,,Are you of the family or the order of the family that was warring with William's family?" says Minst.

,,Minst,'' says Myst.

Kirra smiles. ,,I know feel closer to William knowing he is from a family who kills the likes of you.''

Han pulls out a dagger.

Gete catches his hand with dagger and stares.

,,Han. If you are the next warrior to act against the code or my rule then I give the command of the camp and the soldiers to you.'' Dante says fast and breaking with the prose and poetic nature of his voice.

Han blinks and lowers dagger. ,,I wish to not. But... ...But the rage,'' Han says. He sheaths dagger and lowers head. ''It is my lost of sight allows for the body to  looks away from the displine of the mind." He looks up and Han. "If one were to leave a post of leadership it would be I for a nother more worthy.'' He stands with le gs to gether and back and neck straight. He says loud, ''Permission to recuse self from this judgement and council of these people.''

Dante looks at Han and smiles. ,,I am the one to offer apologies for my mannor and words-''

Kirra interrupts Dante, ,,Talk, talk, talk, talk...'' She walks to the corner of the small room saying, ''Talk, talk talk talk,'' untilshe sits. Eyes follower her as she sits and looks up. The side of her bruised face looks from the quartet. ''If you are going to imprison us be so kind to feed and give place for sleep." She pulls up needs and folds arms on need caps. She says before laying head on forearms. ''Wake when done.''

Dante nods.

Han holds up an hand and castes a smile at Dante. ,,I will seek food for I know it is a request I can accomplish without my emotioncausing me dishonor."

Dante grins. ,,Please friend,'' as Han walks from the room.

Quiet follows the talking and sound of crying baby.

,,I would like to take leave of this place and be on my way.'' William steps back and begins to turn.

,,Please,'' says Dante. ''We will guide you to the edge of the canyon and give you supply to make your way if you only remain and  speak." He looks at Dante and sense of clam and hope overcalm all in the tent. His words for the base to build the story of hope. ''Our pasts are in more ways woven into the fabric of fate and magic. For this, we must work together to fight the hobgoblins and nother each other. But that fight is a fight distant to us now as we are under attack from the very nature of the canyon. We need help. We need to know if there is away to reason with the force of nature name Blue.''

,,William,'' says Myst. She puts an hand on William's shoulder.

William clenches gauntlet fist.

They look at other's eyes then stare...

William's guantlet fist relaxes to a loose grip.

''Friends are better than enemies,'' says Myst.

William looks at Myst.

,,We are not enemies,'' says Dante. ''We are friends. Our parents and their parents may have been warring business, but that was long ago.''

William looks at Must. Kirra site with head on forearms and knees.

,,We are prisoners,'' says William.

,,Guests,'' says Don.

,,Wilber and Han are brave warriors. Both have fought hard. Wilber has lost a family. And Han has a family larger than most villages. They've fought in many wars, but no so tough as the war with the Wilshires.'

,,This is not my war,'' says William.

Grete glances at Don then Golath.

Minst says, ,,Why didn't you leave earlier from the East?''

Golath speaks, ,,The echo through the rock was not heard. What we thought to be diamonds were coal.''

An image of a human wearing tunic and pants flashes in mind and site of each. Kirra dreams of the image of the human walking through city of humans.

He feels to talk to each and not all while looking over. ''The echo of humans and then they were seen as goblins.''

Kirra dreams and the rest feel and see the humans of the city create armor and weapons and ship it with bull and wagon to villages and towns. The humans stack armor and weapons by a stone monolith alter with dead rodents lay before it.

,,It was known the diamond shines, and shine it did.''

Kirra dreams and the other sees men and women wearing robes of white and black diamond and black with white diamonds walk and talk with humans praying before alter and weapons. The priests of the diamond point to the weapons and pushing them away. They then open their arms and close their eyes and being to speak by the monolith.

''The wisdom spread from being to being but was not seen for an illusion was masking the truth,'' says Golath.

Kirra dreams and the others see priests of the Diamond run from sickle and ho, and sword and dagger as the villagers. Priests are caught tied to the monolith alters and stabbed. Their hearts carved from chests.

''Our site only blind to the truth. Our hearts betrayed though hope of enlighting what we didn't know,'' says Golath.

Kirra dreams and the others see swords, brest plates, daggers, shields, helmets and clubs in wagons pulled into the villages and handed to those who come to the monolith. The people handing out the weapons wear black leather and helmets. Green hands protrude from sleeves handing off the implements of death.

 ''Truth comes to path ad we begin to see the truth of the distant towns and village spaning from the distant city,'' says Golath.

Kirra dreams and the rest feel and see the humans become hobgoblins wearing tunic and pants and walking through the market looking over cups and bowls and forks. Dogs and trained monkeys fade to goblins carrying sacks of grain, rolls of cotton and wool, sheets of paper and ink.

Kirra dreams and the others feel and see hoblins from city and town go to the viliages and give hobgoblins of the villange and towns armor. in villiages leave alters and huts and cover naked bodies with amor.

The goblins and hobgolins rush from the monoliths and the huts and follow the leaders in tunics and leather through the forest and the plains.

Women and men humans run from burning homes with food and children glasped in hand. Young and old men remain to fight with rusted sword and are slain.

The shields of the Diamonds warriors are smashed and their swords parried against the horde of clubs, daggers and swords swarming. The Diamond warriors are cutand stabbed as women, men and children run from burning hut, houses, generals stores carrying only their fears and screams from goblins and running from roof to walkway through doors and window.

''Fought as hard and long to let the people free and seen to be the last,'' says Golath.

Kirra dreams and the other see the Diamond warriors lead by Dante fight hobgoblins through trees and plains and from burnt and fallen homes. They dream and see the Diamond Warriors be stabbed, cut and beat to the ground. 

Golath says, ''Blood flowed, but the people were free to flee...''

Kirra dreams and the others see goblins rushing through a town empty of people and animal, of food and weapon. 

''Never can one run fast or far until the horror comes...'' 

Kirra dreams and the others see Diamond Warroirs march and ride into a small village and rush door to door. They holler, ,,A GOBLIN HORDE COMES,'' as the open doors and window shutters. As they search barns and stores. The find men with knives and swords with women and children hidden beneath hatches and lids. The find the coves and holes under hay stacks and wooden walks ways. The urge and convince the people to leave with the town and travel West.

,,Diamond shines after the dim guiding the path of the people...' says Golath.

Dante, Grete, Han lead rows and crowds of people through empty towns under the fall of snow. Their horses walk with heads low and back weighted by the weight of children. The faces starring along the road and the the walls of trees. 

Sights of warriors and archers run through the words scouting and clearing and hunting.

''Even a dimamond dims when covered...'' says Golath.

Kirra dreams and the other see Diamond warriors stand at canyons area. Snow covers the moutains. A group of white dressed warriors walk up to Dante and shake heads. 

''The goblins come to before we could see a future beyond a past we never knew.''

William's shoulders slump. He looks away from Dante.

Dante looks at William then Myst.

,,It's true, William,'' says Myst. She grabs his hands.

William nods.

Myst's mental echo of words fades. A soft snore from Kirra rumbles from throat.

,,Family past and present is beyond the control one member,'' says Dante. ''It could be Carlos or you distant relation that caste the illusion on the goblins for more cycles than our history has record. Illusionists never reveal themselves as they are for it is not their nature.''

Myst grips William's hand.

William nods.

''We need help. We need to know away out,'' says Dante.

Dante, Golath, Grete, Myst and William look at Dante.

,,If can not balance these forces,'' say Jan. ''Then we will not balance the goblins.''

Golath looks at Jan and says with mouth barely moving, but voice strong and sharp. ,,It be true.''

William looks at Jan then Dante. ,,If Jan says it is true.'' He looks at Dante. ''Then I believe it to be true.''

Myst nods and lets go of William's hand then looks at Dante. ,,We can find peace.''

,,We may,'' says Jan.

,,May?'' says Minst. 

,,Blue,'' says Jan. ''Blue cares not.'' 

,,I do not believe it is hopeless,'' says Dante.

,,Hope,'' says Golath. ''It's a false God.''

,,What about the animals?'' says Minst.

,,During the battle there were a flock and herd of small animals,'' says Dante.

Myst looks at William then Jan. ,,They were protecting you, Jan. After...'' She looks at Dante then William and Jan. "After you fell to the ground.''

,,Before you turned to water,'' says Minst.

,,The young will forgive. The old will resist. The plants don't care,'' says Jan. ''And to being? I know not.''

,,Maybe Kirra will help?'' says Minst looking at Jan.

,,Kirra will do as Kirra pleases,'' says Jan.

Myst steps to Dante and the standing table. She turns and looks at William then Jan. ,,We must help.''

William nods. His shoulders fall and slump. His arms fall straight to side. ,,My body begs for sleep and my mind is willing to give.'' He looks at Kirra the slowly raises head to Dante. ''We. I need rest.''

Myst holds back a yawn and shifts the hide coat and tugs at the sleeves and a shiver burst through body the shakes out.

,,Sleep,'' says Dante. He nods. "Sleep. Yes."

,,The mind is never as dull after hitting against the waking force of life,,'' says Don.

Golath nods and looks from Kirra, William, Jan, Myst and Minst then all. ,,We pray in the shining light of the dim to see us through this dark.''

Grete nods at Dante. Dante nods back.

,,Grete will lead to food and sleep,'' says Dante. ''You have my soul and body to protect and honor your departure during the morning.''

,,We will not be leaving you to this-'' says Myst until Dante flows with her words to say.

,,Chaos of our own making.'' Dante looks at Myst. ''Please keep the thoughts of remaining until sleep my let the mind shine again.''

Myst smiles. The smile hits a note and a slow bass spreads through her mind. A note hits C Sharp and strums to F Flate. Myst yawns.

Grete steps by Don and from table. ,,Follow me. I will guide you for sleep and food.'' She steps through the blankets.

Jan walks to Kirra. ,,It's time to move.''

Kirra lifts head and stands. She peers at Golath and follows Jan out.

Snores, sniffs, low talk and crying are heard from the rows of bunk bed. Smell of mint and sage clouds and flow through the thick stagnate air nearly thick enough to feel. The moist and mildew feel to clean and wipe way the mud and dirt covering the skin of the people, the warriors, the pack. The smoke and air tastes of food. The eyes burn then water then cool. The warm flows over skin calming shivers.

People sleeps and sit with backs against the bed frames. People don't move or shuffle. A cry in the night answers only to silence. 

Grete walks and the pack follows by and over people, stepping over arms and hands and brushing by standing talking and holding people. They walk past bunkbeds to the the tent and past the opening with tables and plates and bowls  near pots and pans and a firepit fluminng smoke to a cone above. 

Dishes bang and clash on a pot.

Wilber stares at the pack as they pass.

Grete peers back.

Wilber lowers head as they walk by and past more bunk beds, over the rug and to two blankets hanging from ceiling to floor.

Crete parts the blankets. They step between. The blankets fall to a room ten steps by ten steps. The rug floor is clean and covered with pillows and blankets and six plates of mutton, potatoes steam and spread in to the space. Cool fresh air inhale and exhale through their lungs like cool fresh mountain air.

,,On what plane do we exist?" says Minst.

Crete looks at Minst and tries to smile, but only raises one corner of mouth. ,,Hades.''

Misnt's smile create creases then the creases fade. ,,It feels...''

,,We don't know need this,'' says William. ''We have food. And there are other's needing this space. The woounded.''

,,It is our honor for you to remain,'' says Crete. ''And it is a need.'' Crete glances at Minst then looks at William. ''With  the rise of the sun I have been told we will return. Don knows.'' 

,,Beyond the elements,'' says Jan.

William steps to the blankets.

Smoke and snores seep between the part in the blankets.

,,Those are magical, too,'' say Minst to self.

,,Please,'' says Grete. ''Remain. Here you may speak freely, rest and eat.''

William looks back to Kirra then Jan.

Kirra stretches, sits and pulls dagger and short sword and lays them on ground. 

Jan sits lotus in corner. She stares at Kirra and Kirra's mud covered skin and armor. She looks at Kirra's cuts and scrapes fresh from the attack of being barried alive. Jan closes eyes and lets mind flow to body and push out through the pack then to the blankets and back into Jan. Jan opens eyes. ,,We are beyond the physical plain.''

,,Trapped like fools,'' says William. 

,,William,'' says Myst. ''If it be true of the past.''

,,I know,'' says William with a sharp voice that cuts. He inhales then exhales slow. ''I am sorry, Myst. I...I don't  know. Dante feels to be of honor, but we can't.'' William shakes head then he yawns. He kneels  and grabs a plate.

Minst sits on the floor and pulls spell book from Elven armor. He takes off pack and puts pack on lap then open spell book on lap. He reads and says before the symbols etch mind. ,,The trap is of the etheral plane. It is likely that the artifact is unable to return until some contingency is met.''

,,And if attacked,'' says William with a mouth full of mutton. He chews and swallows a bit. ''And if attacked their commander is inside? Along with their commanding officers?'' He looks down at plate and eats, pivotes head. ''No. They can return from what ever plain we are. They just don't to.''

,,It's logical,'' says Minst.

Myst looks at Minst. ,,But what if they then can't return leaving the people in danger?''

Minst nods and looks up from spell book. ,,That is logical.'' A line begins to entch before Minst as he reads.

William chews, nods and looks at Myst. 

Myst looks back and stares for a second before putting her drum on her lap and tapping soft upon it surface to the bass vibrating mind and body. 

Jan feedback force rings her mind to sleeps. She falls to the ground and near Kirra as Kirra snores sitting up with dagger clasped in hands.

William eats and stares at the part of the blanket. He eats then stares at the part in the blanket as watch over the pack. He sees Myst softly tap her drum to sleep. He watches Minst close and slide spell book then lay on the mat and sleep. He watches the part then blinks to sleeps saying, ,,Spear,'' says William. ''Where's Spear.''



