The mountain giants kneels on one knee. A deep moan spreads from the mountain giant through frosted grass, the boulders and rocks to Guile and Shake.

Guile and Shake jog from the grass to pebble between rock, brush and sheer rock spaning to the stars. The jog down and around to a wide trail carved between sheer moutain up and down. The jog to a mountain pass twisting and winding from the grass plain high atop the mountain.

Boulders, dirt, pebbles, brush and spot of snow create a canyon like trail light by the moon light.

Guile and Shake walk and stand and look down the steep path down.

A low moan and a pound against the ground shake through Guile and Shake.

,,Where we going?'' shivers Shake as he stomps his feet knocking pain from toes through body.

,,Down,'' says Guile pushing the words out with puffs of steam.

,,Where?'' says Shake.

Guile glance behind then down then looks across the horizon of the valley. ,,To Lyno.''

,,The password for the door,'' say Shake.

,,A town.'' Guile steps down leading with round stomach. ''Near the canyon.''

Shake shivers and rubs and wraps the wool blanket over chest and waist. ,,You've been there?''

,,Once,'' says Guile notting looking down while stepping and reaching and lowing down ledges of stone twice as long as Spear and as tall.

Pebbles and dirt spread over rock. Shrubs grow from cracks and spreadalong the vertical face of rock down.

Shake steps down and jumps keeping wool blanket tight over body. He wiggles toes with step and reach. ,,You've been down this path,'' says Shake letting his voice carry to Guile a step bellow.

Guile slowly lowers from one step then strides to another. He glance up and beyond Shake. ,,Yes,'' says Guile with his loud talk.

,,How did you know Lyno would open the door?'' says Shake no longer feeling his toes.

,,Glios,'' says Guild. He lowers and looks at Shake. ''Father's.''

Shake steps and leaps down. Feet land hard hitting ,,Where'd it go?''

,,Here,'' says Guile. 

,,You know the mountain giant,'' says Shake. He jumps down and down to the words stepping behind Guile.

,,Yes,'' says Guile as he bends and lowers down rock to ledge.

,,This is their stairs down the mountain,'' says Shake. He sits on rock, pulls wool sheet and pulls of frozen pillow case shoes then covers feet with wool sheet. 

,,They giants,'' says Guile stepping down. ''Yes.'' He walk to edge of ledge and climbs down another stone step. ''They'll use them soon. Kill you.''

,,I am with you.'' 

,,You stole,'' says Guild glancing up as he lowers.

Shakes feet warm and toes ping with dull then sharp pain.

,,Don't want to lose my toes,'' says Shake. He squeezes wool around toes and warms fingers. 

Guile stops, breaths a billow of white and wipes snott from his nose with the sleeve of his hide coat. He pulls a dagger from a knife from his sleeve. ,,Cut.'' He hurries, shuffles, shakes a small ball of silk from from his pillow pack. ''Wrap.'' He toses the knife and silk rope to shake. ''Hurry.''

Shake grabs the knife. ,,A Heart Knife.''

Guile nods while looking beyond Shake and up the gaint stone stairs.

Shake cuts and carves the wool edge to two square patches, cuts the silk rope in half and wrap the wool around feet.

Guile sees the moon light illuminat the top of the giant's head appear high above.

Shake wraps silk around feet.

Guile grabs his Heart Knife. ,,Yawyn is...''

Shake ties knot and looks back and up. ,,Yawyn?''

The mountain giant stand at top of giant stairs lifting a giant boulder.

Shake grabs wool sheet and leaps to ground feeling shatter shock spread from toes, foot and body.

Guile tucks dagger to pack and slides and steps and stubbles step after after steps after step with Shake leaping and landing with feet lifing Guile after tumbles and falls down the stairs.

He looks back. 

A boulder rolls down the steep stairs. Rocks spray. Pebbles fly.

Shake grabs Guile and pulls him and self against side of stone step.

BOOM! BANG! shakes the rocks. 

Rocks hit head. Pebbles shoot body pinging pain spots.

Shake grabs, pulls and release Guilds tunic and leaps down steps with wool blanket flapping behind, jumps down steps and jump down steps while Guild walks to step's ledge and stare down then above.

Above another boulder is raised.

,,JUMP,'' hollers Shake.

Guile crouches and shuffles feet to the edge of ledge, look above, then below was he slides off and falls to the rock. 

Rocks roll and tumble away from the tumbling guile.

Guile stands, feels pain shock from foot, crouches.

''JUMP! Don't slide,'' says Shake two steps below. 

Guile step to ledge and stands, limps. 

A rock is throws. 

''Now,'' says Shake stepping against the rock and ducking. 

guile leaps land lands, falls to knees.

The boom and bang of rocks vibrates then shakes and sprays.

Guild falls against the rock.

Rocks tumble. He stands and jumps from step by Shake.

Shake stands looks above.

The giant head lifts tree turn and foot and places foot on step.

''Hurry,'' says Shake with under breath. He glances at Guile. Guile stumbles and hit Shakes shoulder.

Pain pulse Shake's sholder, body.

Shake push away and steps, leaps, lands, steps leap lands with wool sheet flapping like a flag illuminating the night with moon light giving guidance to the steps booming from above.

The jump, tumble, grab hit rock, pebbles and hard rock.

Hearts pound chests and lungs breath. Bodies numb with cold, pain fear.

They jump, fall, tumble, glance back.

Moon light giant steps down steps in slow strides. ,,Guile,'' it says with a low tone groan as it rubs its head.

,,Where?'' says Shake between breath and jump. 

They jump land, and Guile says. ''Down.''

The giant steps. 

They jump. Guile hits, legs twists and pops.

Guild kneels and crawls to edge and lowers, falls, stumbles with pain to ground. ,,Stand, move.''

Guile cringes the word as pain jolt muscles taut. ,,Not. No.'' He hops on leg.

Shake glances, sees the giant stepping down and down. ,,His mind. Make it mad!'' says Shake with spit flying, jaw shivering, and eyes wide.

,,Guile,'' moans and says the mountain giant. ''Why?'' His foot booms.

And Guile pushes Shake and steps the edge. ''Not returning.''

Shake grabs Guile's shoulder. ,,Hide.'' Shake leans and whispers and stutters with cold. ''The shurbs along the trail. The rock. Leap crawl against the rock and hide. I'll go run hide. Wait for giant to leave.''

Guile nods. He knees and lows body to stone step. Shake jumps down and down and down while Guile pushes and pulls into brush snagging cloths and scrapping skin.

A deep throb of pain spreads from Guile's ankle. He breathes heavy while mind feels the thumb and bump from the shattering of the projection.

BOOM! feels Guile from hand and foot touching the stone. 

Boom hears shake as he leaps two steps, and leaps two steps then rolls and tucks - pain booms from shoulder through body as he stands and stutter steps and leaps on stair landing with balance and fading pain as he leaps two stairs, two stairs...Waving wool sheat under the moon light night through the freeze.

Guile holds arms. Arms shiver, and shrub with BOOM!

And the foot stops on the step by Guile.

Guile slows breath and focuses upon Yawyn towering above him. 

Yawyn's head watches Shake skip and leap. It pivots as Guile's body calms and breath stops and hearth slows and body cools.

Guile focuses upon himself. 

 Guile's mind is creating and solving a maze of relief lines. He can see Yawyn, but not Shake.

Shake leaps and jumps waving wool sheet.

Yawyn's other giant foot rests on stair where Guile rests. 

Guile draws twentty pairs of relief lines in mind connecting for more lines while focus follows through lines to...

Yawyn looks at Guile.

Guile's reliefs and connect, and Guile exhales and stares at Yawyn.

Yawyn hangs his head and steps stairs.

No boom is felt as Guile feels empty then pain of leg. He lays in bush feeling pain of shurbs poking and stabbing skin.

He sits in the pain and hears the steps of Yawyn walk away. 

A long gust of cold wind blows over Yawyn, Guile and Shake. 

Shake runs and leaps and leaps and runs down gaint rock stops to stone, pebbles and dirt. He looks back.

Yawyn step the stairs to the top.

Shake slows run to a walk then walks a cirlce then a tangent to the stairs.

The stone giant step from sight.

Shake watches the night. He hears Guile's breath and grunts while fight with the brush.

Guile hears the steps of Yawyn walk away and from sight. He feels the poke and scrap across body and mind as he pulls from the brush to the bitter cold. 

His ankle throbs and pulses pains as he stands, as he land on the rock below. 

Shake watches the descent of Guile. He watches Guile then turns to see what surrounds.

The rock ground spreads with thin coats of snow. The near flat stone spreads to a distant edge lite with moon light and scrapes of snow. 

The sheer mountain wall spans to the WestMore Canyon and toward Blue's Canyon. Shrubs grow from rock walls and roots grow from cracks. The ground is layered waves to a worn path to the edge of ledge jutting into darkness. 

A cold breeze blows over the rock blowing mist over Shake. 

Shake wraps wool sheet around body and watch Guile descend.

Guile slides over the edge of a stone step then slides down to the ground then hops and limbs to the ledge lowering down and down and down.

,,Did you make the gaint forget?'' say Shake when Guile is on the last step.

Guile glances at Shake as he limps, but stares away as he passes saying only, ,,I never return.''

Shake follows, and Guild leads to the ledge of the rock and plane spanning to the darkness.

The stand near the edge looking over the moon light valley far below and flowing to a horizon of darkness.

Shake pulls wool sheet thight over body and stamps his feet knocking warmth to toes and feet. His shoulder feels a throb and bump of heart beat dull pain. ,,Got any food?'' says Shake. 

Guile steps to the edge of a ledge step. ,,Berries, roots. Leaves. Grass.'' Guile looks past Shake and up the gaint mountain staircase the down into the darkness.

Guile steps into the darkness walk down a wide slope that descends against the rock face toward the Westmore Canyon.

The wind gust become a blow stinging ear tips and fingers. 

The wind blow pushes and pulls Guile's and Shake's steps down. Their steps flow and firm to grips the rock under the ice and dusts of snow blowing mist into Guile's pants and tunic and blowing around Shake's wool sheet wrapped around body and shoes wrapped round feet.

Guile pushes and wraps warm around chest and presses hands into arm pits. He looks at th wall and into the darkness.

The moon light illuminates grays and whites from the distant black. The contrasts of shade etch with outlins around  root growing from cracks and brush hanging from the rock. 

The trail spans before then switches back like the switch back path from the Rose Quarter barraks into the vein of the dwarven city, but instead of brick the path the wide switch back path in rough stone cut and worn with wind and water.

Guile slips and grabs and root. He pulls off the tip of root and grab a branch of a bush and pulls and breaks the branch.

The root has a stiff surface that cracks to a soft center that spreads to a flat surface then springs to an oval shaped vein. 

Guile rubs the dirt from the root under arm pit and walks with a short suffle down.

Shake a root and pulls a brush branch from brush then says above wind, ,,Food.''

Guile looks back and puts the root in mouth and chews, walks, and walks as Shake walks and walks.

They walk back and forth along wide switchback rock slope down. The snow crust cruches underfeet. The wind blow at and against. The brush and roots cover walls around cracks in rock. 

The moon light dims as clouds cover the moon. 

Darkness dims. 

Wind blows.

Guile walks in lead back and forth no looking back, not feeling his feet, not feeling the freeze pain from body with mind trying to create the puzzle to riddle the guilt of Yawyn's head hung in disapproval. Guile stars and chews on roots, lets hands fall to sides.

His steps slow. His body shivers and convulses.

And Shake's shuffle slows. His warm body feeling the pains of hunger fade with roots and berries frozen from cold wind and warmed in mouth before chewed. His once frozen feet are warm and wet with a thin layer of sweat.

Shake steps close and says, ,,You want to wear the wool.''

Guide stares on. His arm shivers. He hears the words but the words are lost in the puzzle of the riddle of emotions.

''Shoes,'' says Shake. ''You need wool shoes.''

The wind blow gusts and pushes Shake and Guile to a pause before Guile walks down with shoulder hitting side of rock face.

''I'll cut you some,'' says Shake. ''Better than mine, they will be.''

Guile walk from freezing pain to frozen numb down the rock back and forth. He sways with the point of a pulse in mind lost in darkness. He closes mind to find colored lines to draw a maze.

The point pulses in dark mind from red to blue to yellow to green...

The wind blows. The clouds move. The moon slight shines then castes shadows as they walk down to where the trail ends after as the path's span shrinks to mountain. The wind blows to a breeze.

Guile's body stops shivering as he looks down into grays spanning to black.

The wind blows to a breeze.

Shake stands beside. He pulls the wool from body and puts hit over Guile's shoulers. ,,Once the shiver stops you're froze.''

Guile feels the warm from the wool sheet and grabs the ends to pull it tight.

,,Where we go now?'' Shake rubs arm and feels the sweat cool and dry. 

,,Down,'' says Guile. He sits near the edge and stares into the darkness.

,,How far down?'' says Shake. ''Bottom's darkness."

,,Many Yawyn's tall. Hand holds,'' says Guile feeling pain spread through body.

Shake rubs shoulders and arms and puts hand in armpits. He kneels and says, ,,He's you friend.''

Guile stares into the darkness. ,,Yes,'' says Guile as loud as the wind with the words blowing away.

Shake feels the words like the wind chill. ,,My actions were of ignorance and  survival. I didn't...''

The pulsing light in Guile's mind brusts and creates prism shining from mind's eye to the sight of shadows of thoughts. 

Guile shines into Shake's mind with Shake feeling no pain or ping of the search through Shake's emotions shown as shakes of gray.

A gray of the way Shake feels as he speaks. ,,My apologies.'' The gray shades bright and gives light to the darkness felt by Guile.

Guile says, ,,Yes,'' and opens eyes and closing Mind's eye to the sight in Shake's mind.

Shake shivers and looks to the valley. ,,We've been walking all night. How close to ground.''

Guile pulls the wools sheet over arms and slides back from the ledge. ,,The base slopes. A morning's time to base. Camps and road where here. We can walk with a caravan. Get to Lyno.''

Shake stands and stomps feet. ,,Bet we run into goblins.'' He peers through the night and see dots of light glimmer through the planes. 

Guile looks at Shake and pushes agains the stone wall. ,,Goblings. Where?'' 

,Everywhere.'' Shake looks at the moon then points toward the Westmore Canyon. ''We came from that direction. The nasties were scourging the land. Vile beings. Nasty, very nasty.''

Guild looks away and back to the darkness. He closes his eyes. ,,It was a road to Lyno then to  the road to Midvalley.

,,Mid Valley,'' says Shake. ''Where's that?''

,,Down,'' says Guile. ''Down.''

Shake looks at Guile as Guile rests against the wall. ,,Don't think about sleeping with that blanket not sharing.'' Shakes steps to the edge. ''No too close.''

Guile nods, stands.

They walk and sit on rock clear of snow. They sit shoulder to shoulder with backs aganst the mountain and knees pressed close. They spread the wool sheet over knees and faces and tuckes wool blanket under shoulders.

They sleep with cold. The sleep without dream. The sleep until the light shines from the horizon.

They wake holding each other. Arms are wrapped tight as the lean shoulders against the rock and craddle each other like a couple in love.

Shake's hands press into Guile's wear stomach fat. He nestles chin and nose between Guile's shoulder and cheek.

Guile feels Shake's breath tickling neck, scratches and nearly digs out Shake's eyes.

,,Wha?'' Shake pulls away, grabs sheet like a cape and whips it behind as he stands. ''Where?''

Sun beams shine over the valley and upon the moutnain, Shake, Guile. Sun beams illuminate snow covered trees, plains and a distand croping of houses. Thin wisps of smoke rise from the trees and fade as they rise.

Guile feels the throb and pain pump of ankle.

Guile covers eyes and rests back against rock feeling sweaty back to the cold to freeze. ,,Bright.'' 

,,Cold,'' says Shake rubbing arms and stomping feet as he ties the wool sheet around wait and walks the edge glancing at the Guile. ''No use to the sun.''

,,No,'' grimices Guile as he blinks and squints then looks to the moutian then stands.

Ankle pumps pain.

,,Don't look directly into the sun.'' Shake stand looks at the ledge, the cliff, and the distant base below.

Sheer rock face drops far belo slop of rock, stone, dirt and boulders descending through snow covered trees.

,,How do they get down?'' says Shake.

,,Not here,'' says Guile. ''Trail was trade road. Destroyed much time before us.''

Shake looks down along the jagged rock face drops with narrow edgees and ledges no wider than toes.

,,How's the ankle?'' says Shake.

,,Pumps pain,'' says Guile. 

,,Can you climb down?'' says Shake.

,,No.'' Guile looks down. ''Can't climb.'' Guile looks  at Shake. ''There are stairs.'' Guile smiles.

Shake looks down. ,,They invisible.''

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

Shake looks down. ,,I'll climb down on what I can see.'' He winks and holds the wool sheet before Guile. ''Can't climb with this.''

Guile's says, ,,I will hold it for you.''

Shake kneels and lowers down the mountain side griping stone with wool covered feet. The toes crip and the wool helps hold like an extension of flesh. Hands are blown with each grip down the cold rock. 

Ice and dirt coat nooks, chips, cracks and edges.

Guile wraps wool sheet about chest and stomach. He squintes Guile rubs foot over ice crust on ledge and watches the breeze brush the crust away. He walk he steps with one foot and limps with other to lean againt the mountain and step from the ledge and steps onto invisible force like standing on the sky. He steps and limbs down invisible stairs along the moutain side.

Shake climbs down the shear rock face as fast as Guile steps and limbs down stairs. 

Shake has no thought on action to find the cracks and chips and tiny edges to grip and climb.

Guile has thoughts of Shake's words and body talk creating shouts and echos and sentences and expressions with words, letters, pauses, body twitches and tricks then watches through his squint as Shake climbs down the moutian.

Guile feel the tension, balance and grip rythm. He feels no fear from Shake. . 

The pumping pain fades for warmth of wool shoes. Finger tips becoming numb with stress and cold. 

Guile feels the touch of stone with his check and feels the force in stone pressed by Shake as it reacts to the descent. 

They descend. Guile stepping and feeling the energy and force of rock and shake. Shake flowing down the moutian like a spider until...

Shake's shoulder shocks pain.

Guile feels the pain and stumbles and catches and balances with ankle. He stops with a shock of pain from ankle.

Shake feels the shock of pain from Guile's ankle. He grips and holds agains the moutain. He looks at Guile.

Guile's shake puzzle seperates and fades from mind. 

Cold breeze, cold stone, cold fingers are felt.

Guile looks down the to the ground and follows feet as they slide over the tops of invisible stairs to edge then lower to the next step until he hits the ground and until he hears Shake say, ,,Where you in my mind?'' He walks with a smile.

Guile looks away from the sun and squints at the ground.

Rocks spread to snow, brush. Snow and brush flow to pine trees, boulders, rocks and pebbles. 

Shake looks at Guile feeling the rocks break from crusted snow with his step, so he shifts wait and force to walk leaving little track and not distrubing the rock. He stands by Guile and pees over the plane.

The plane spans from rock to trees as they see over the pine tree tops topped with snow caps and coats dressing them down. Thin columns of smoke rise and blow to air. 

Sun rays shine bright from the sihlouette of distant mountains towering near where some religions believe their God to be. 

The sihlouette mountain range spans the horizon above trees and fields and roads.

The sun rays shine as they stare.

Guile feels the light and the heat and tries to create energy to dim its brilliant in body. Bright light pains eyes, so all is white as snow.

Shake looks at the sihlouette. ,,It's okay if you did. If you did I just felt weird. Don't believe in no Gods.''

,,The light.'' Guile steps down the rock and snow slope and follows the sun light toward shadows of trees pulling. His feet crunch snow. The sun light pain gives way to the ankle pain and guilt as Shake looks at Guile, and Guile only seeing the innocent glare stinging more than the glare of the sunlight from snow. He pulls tight the wool sheet  feeling the guilt squeeze.

,,It's warm,'' say Shake letting quiet steps crunch into snow letting his tense muscle relax. With the talk of warm, his body feels cold, so blows into numb purple hued fingers. He shakes and shivers from a cold gust bursting from trees. 

Snow spray bodies. Only Guile's legs and feet feel cold wind and minst as the wool blocks the force and warms. 

Guile stares at Shake. ,,The wool is warm.'' He pauses, feels hole, empty and draining joy, thinks, <Say you saved.> ,,You saved,'' says Guile. He feels Shake warm and tingle in mind.

,,It pleases me to give,'' says Shake with smile. ''We should find cover in the forest, build a fire and create shoes and mittens. Rest the ankle of yours.'' 

Guile unwraps the wool sheet from shoulders and holds it before Shake while saying, ,,My ankle feels find. Doesn't hurt much now that it's warm.''

Shake looks at the wool sheet. ''If you are cold-''

Guile forces a smile. ,,I sweat. Need to cold.''

Shake wipes his forehead. ,,I will hole it,'' and grabs the wool sheet.,,Maybe you gave your pain to me becaus I sure felt an ankle pain?'' says Shake. ''Can you do that?''

Guiles looks at Shake. ,,No.'' He steps through snow and deeper into the morning shadowns.

The shadows deepen dear the pins trees. The snow deepens to cover foot then thins to crunch under food as Guiles steps into the trees. 

Guiles steps and looks back.

Shake stands with face on the sun. His eyes are closed and face replaxed. He feels no pain on shoulder or hunger through body or care in mind. He feels only the morning sun beams...

Guile stand in the deep morning and squints from the darkness the looks into the darkness between the trees. He steps to face the forest. He peers at the bark, the shrubs the wood. 

Both mind lost in awe almost connect and feel the other as Guile's wonder wanders the focus of mind connecting to Shakes. 

,,We should create fire. Make shoes and glover. He puts arms in arm pits and steps to the forest.

Shake feels Guile's wonder of woods and forest, snow, then pivots head to knock thoughts from the sunlight. ,,I missed the sun,'' says Shakes loud enough for Guile to hear. He steps into the shadows and jumps and leaps over the deep snow to the forest's edge leaving little snow print.

They walk through the tree until spots of blues sky is the only light. Their food steps over snow and leaves, branches and twigs snap and crackle through the silence of the woods. 

The breeze calms to cold still air lace thin with pine and smoke.

They walk with Guile steping a couple of leaps before Shake.

Shake looks back and up and through the branches. His stomach creates the words and talk. ,,What about food? I hunt for bird's, rodents. Don't know much about nuts and berries around here.''

Guile feels hunger pains after Shake speaks the words as he steps on sore ankle trying not to limb. He nods, says with a loud voice that carries through the trees. ,,I don't know anything around here. I know berries to eat. They are picked.''

,,We should stop. We need a fire. Food. I can hunt,'' says Shake. He stops and peers at brushes and trees. Then glances at Guiles, who lows step and stops. ''You need to rest you leg,'' says Shake. He gathers sticks and twigs squeezing and rubbing each before putting them in a pile.

Guile exhales and lowers head and walks to a limp. Foot drags pine needles, twigs and snow the stops. Hands fall to side. Body stops and sways. He stares.

Ankle pumps pain.

Toes feel the freeze of the snow and cold between the trees.

Trees, trees and trees hide trees. Trees cover snow, mud, twigs and pine needles. Guile exhales and clears throat. 

The cold, cold, cold seeps, blows and soaks through leather and cotton tunic, pants and shirt.

Guile shivers and stands and stares. ,,Can you create fire?'' says Guile.

Shake picks-up a branch and pokes fingeer nail into it then rubs its dry surface. ,,I can. I have fint and steel in a lock.''

Guile stutter with shutter of chattering cold jaw. ,,I will gather root and berries.'' He steps and looks at Shake. ''You create fire.''

,,And pine nuts,'' says Shake. 

,,Pine nuts,'' says Guiles. ''He looks at the tree tops.''

Shake grabs a pine cone from ground and wedge dirty finger nail between coe scales and between nut and cone scales. 

Two small nuts fall into his hand.

Guile smiles. ,,And pine nuts.

Shake shrugs and jerks head back. ,,Maybe after warm I can set traps or track some rodents.''

Guile nods. He brushes foot over ground cleaning pine needlss and leaves. He kicks a crusted snow patches. He gathers roots, plint, mushrooms, pine nuts.

The berrie bushes are bare. The roots are though and old. The plint is rotting. The mushrooms taste of poison. 

Guile clears throat and spits and looks at Shake through a distant hall of trees.

Shake hears the spit and hears Guile's feet snap twigs and crunch dried brow pine needles.

Shake steps on rocks, small spots of dirt, piles of needls. His wool covered feel roll slow over dried pines and twigs to bend and not break.

A pile of dry twigs, branches and pine needs stack as the sun rises casting beams of light. 

The sun shines from above upon the piles of twigs adn branches and pine.

Guile's back pillow case fills with old root and leaves of plint growing from trees trunks and  pine nuts. 

Pine cones lay spread through forest, and Guile picke almost everyone from ground and picks for nuts with body moving and mind talking like Shake, thinking like Shake until the thought and move ment of Shake stepping light over the forest puzzles mind.

The berries all picked and nippled. 

The last stick hits the dry stick pile. Shake clears and kneels by ground then begins to unweave hair and pull flint and steel from lock.

He looks at Guile, says, and castes voice to speak and not yell. ,,Need the heart dagger to tim twig and board for fire.''

Guile pulls Heart Dagger from sheath and thows dagger across the distance of a long run and faster than a sprint the dagger sticks into tree. He picks pine nuts from cone into pillow case.

Guile crunchs through pine needles and twigs heavy stepping further from Shake and deeper in to the woods. His mind stepping through two words with body living only one world where it picks roots and leaves, and it throws a dagger when needed.

Shake grabs the Heart Dagger, trims branch planes thick brand and uses flint and steel to rub out a fire. 

The fire grows with pine needles, twigs then branches. 

Camp fire spreads with breeze as the sun beams between trees dim. The smoke swirls around trees, brush and Guile.

The smoke clouds one mind of Guile's thinking with Shake and clears the mind feeling the world and moving the body.

Pain in Guile's leg throbs, and he limbs back to the campfire and Shake.

Shake pulls long silk rope from around waist and is cutting lenghts of silk rope. He hears Guile's foot steps the his breathing. He flips the Heart Dagger from hilt hold to his finger gripping the blade. He looks at Guile stepping near. ,,Your dagger.'' 

Guile grabs the dagger and slide into the sheath. He pulls the wool sheet tight and knees by the growing fire. ,,Food.''

The pillowcase back plops to ground revealing nut, roots and plint leaves.

Shake grabs a handful, thows it in mouth, chews and blows on fire.

The fire spreads. Branches burn.

They stare at the fire with seats near the flame. Toes, fingers and ears begin to stink, but both silently stare at the fire letting the licks and dance calm. 

They eat. They rest. They warm. They feel the pain of the shoulder and ankle numb to soft pumps.

The sun beams fade. The shadows of the forest spread.

Shake rubs his thumb and index finger with black streak of burn wood. He says, ,,Grialn,'' while drawing an image of a flame and snapping.

The image draws and grows bright in mind without Shake seeing bright.

Shake stares at a thumb sticking out.

No flame burns from thumb tip as the flame in Shake's mind fades. 

Shake sees the flame in mind, says the words, ,,Grilan,'' and snaps fingers. Once, twice three times Shake tries to create a flame from thumb. 

No flame burns from thumb only flame feels to burn in hand as Shake snaps. Then he hears the echo of the snap through the still night and stops.

Shake breaks the long numb silenc and says, ,,What are you going to do now?'' Shake grabs a piece of charcoal from the fire and put is it pocket.

,,Go to Lyno. Get money,'' say Guile.

,,How?'' says Shake.

,,People will give it to me,'' says Guile with a grin caste dark with the firelight.

Shake glances at Guile. ,,Did you read my mind earlier?''

Guile stares into the fire. The fire pops as Guile says, ,,Yes.''

,,What's it like,'' say Shake.

,,Like being you?'' says Guile. Guile looks at Shake. ''Where will you travel?''

,,I don't know,''says Shake. ''Lyno I guess. I was going to kill the goblin leader with the pack, but after getting them introuble for trying to help, I don't think they want me around. Not after...Well.'' He looks at Guile. ''Lyno.'' He smiles. ''Lyno is my destination.''

,,Then we shall travel together,'' says Guile.

Then Shake hears the cruch of snow and break of twig between pops of fire. He peers through the darkness and  sees shilouettes streaking between trees. ,,Yes, says Shake.'' He raises hand and nods toward the streak shadow behind Guile. 

Guile looks behind, grabs dagger.

,,We are here for peace,'' says a femine voice.

Five sihlouttes become faces as they step into fire light.



