,,It's as bigger than the black dragon,'' says William.

A column of smoke swirls around a mound of rodents. The mound of rats, mice, racoons, porcupines, beavers, groundhogs, gerbils and gophers crawl, climb and claw on top of a mound taller than a black dragon.

They create a mound in the center of a cavern. A narrow fissure cuts along the corner leading to two tall and narrow tunnels. Smooth rocks and boulders span along sediment floor and around  a firepit wider than a black dragon's wing span. Soot marks scare the stalagmite ceiling  twice as tall as a black dragon.  
 
Light beaming from Dante's long sword castes light and casts away shadows of the entire canyon.

Fineal cries a piercing call from beak that echoes through the fissure. 

Rodents running to the mound of rodents by Minst and Dante scatter and run away.

The column of swirling smoke blasts past Spear, Kirra, Jan, William, Myst, Dante and Minst.

Minst stumbles and stands. He grabs his sling and puts a bullet pouch.

Dante holds longsword to side, says, ,,Magic may help,'' and runs with armor clinking and cracking as he leaps and runs over rock and boulders past William, Myst and toward Jan, Kirra, Spear and the  growing mound of rodents.

Myst lifts her head and opens her eyes wide like a ghost hold her. Her eyes box and pull pupile to corners to peer toward the mound. She whispers, ,,Reighn, Reighn...''

,,What,'' says William close as he sees Dante stride past. ''I.'' He steps back and turns from Myst and blinks away the rush of smoke.


The mound of rodents grows shoulders, arms, a nead and a head. Mice handing mouth to tail like rolled hair hanging from a head to a mound of movement.

Myst stills and stares at Blue. She begins to sing a tone that grows and grows as William runs from her toward the mound of rodents of Blue and Spear, Kirra and Jan.

Jan, Spear and Kirra lay and stand by the firepit.

Kirra steps over Jan wrapped in robe. She steps to rocks. She doesn't blink as the rush of smoke blows past. She doesn't flinch as the mound of rodents grows up and out. She pulls sword and dagger from sheaths and stands before Jan.

Spear stands and steps and hears a soft whistle echo mind and seep into his body. He steps forward and lowers and hammer and pick. He steps and body takes another. His hear pumps and blood follows with the sound of flute then an obo then then sound of squeaks.

The squeaks from passing mice and rats urge Spear to run free and run with the pack.

Spear's heart thumps. Veins burn with a fast flush of adreline and blood. Heart rate thumps and beats feeling to pump from chest. His muscles twitch and flex.

Spear stand and pushes rage to mind and feels the still and rats run past and Jan lay behind.

Jan lay in darkness and calm feeling the rush of life over her and around her and through her as Blue flows from the roots to the rodents to the being. She feels the the poison seep from pours and into the algea cloak.

The cloak turns black as Kirra steps over Jan.

Jan blinks and stares at the darkness under the algea robe sucking body to ground.  She beings to raise from the ground pulling robe from ground.

As Jan stands, Dante leaps over her, runs between Spear and Kirra and splashes through the muck and black sludge of the fire pit while raising swords and swinging sword at the rodent being. 

The light sword slices and cuts free rats and mice.

Rats and mice fill the cut.

Laughter high and low rummbles. A squeaky voice flows forth like a thousands squeals to form the surface tongue words. ,,Fools for hope.''

Rats, mice, squirrels, gophers crawl, climb, bite, hold from mass of critters to create arms. An arm swings at Dante and swoops near spear and Kirra.

Spear and Kirra duck roll and swing missing the arm. 

The arm strikes and slams Dante to the ground.

William sees the hand form from the body to a stup to an arm as he humps, jumps and leap from boulders and between rocks over the ground to Spear and Kirra and over Jan. William sees Dante be knocked to the  ground as the rodent arm sweps above him then lifts and melds with mound. 

Dante sinks in black soot.

Fineal cries and flies from a perch near the top and near the fissure. It's wings flap and it flies between the hangning rock toward the being of rodents. 

Minst hears Fineal's scream, and watches the bird take flight the looks at the components in hand. He clenches fist and feels the wet packets drips water. He tries to steady and slips and stumbles to  a swayed stand. His waving sight sees Myst leaning agianst a boulder singing with smile wide and arms waveing beat. His hand grabs dry components in pack and he pulls fist full of compnent packets from pack as he sees William leap to Spear.

Myst blinks and stands. She sings tones near the speak of words that fade and raise  and fill the cavern. Her hand find her drum and ounds as she hits a soothing C sharp.

She opens eyes. The world shifts and tilts and bends as it extends from her sight into darkness.

Her drum pounds pulse with a beat through the cave. 

The pounds flow through William, Spear, Kirra and Dante.

Spear watches Dante leap at the Rodents of Blue. He dives to the ground to avoid the rodent arm. He crawls to a run with pick and hammer, leaps into the black sludge and dives into the rodent mass swinging hammer and pick.

Rodents claw and bite Spear as he hears and feels the calls for him to let go and be free.

,,SPEAR!'' hollers Wiliam. He leaps from boulder, hits ground, stambles to a fall near Jan. Pain stabs Williams shoulder as he scrambles past Jan.

Jan hears William's armor clamour as she stands.

The squeak and chatter of rodents ring in her hears. The roots growing around rocks and boulders rise and reach for her legs.

Jan's head sways and bounces. It shakes with a step. The shades of heat being seen through the darknes smear and spread as she moves her head. She swings her staff and hits roots reaching for her. She steps back trying to force the sound from mind.

The sound rings in her mind and is hear as laughter by other minds. The laugh beats agains the tones and beats of Myst quieting her song and spreading dread into the mind of Myst, William, Minst, and Kirra.

Kirra rolls to a stand.

Her ball falls from back and pack slides to her shoulder.

Kirra grabs William and lifts him as she leaps past gripping sword and knife. Her feet slap through sludge. She sheaths dagger and grabs Dante's hand pulls him from the sludge.

Fineal screams and swoops past and dives around from another arm spaning from mound.

The arm creates a hand and the hand expands and grasps for Fineal.

Fineal dives and loops as the hand swipes and catches air with Fineal diving behind.

The arm of the rodent mound and the open rodent palm slams on top of William.

Mice and rats tumble over William and claw at face.

William swings sword at base and steps past Dante.

Dante sheaths sword and begin to climb the rodent mound.

Squirrels, gophers, ferrets and badgers swipe aand claw Dante's armor. The bite his chain mail gloves. 

Dante swats claws clawing face and climbs.

Dante's foot skims the top of Spear's head.

Rodents rub tails and back against spear. They press and squirm over his body. Their claws lay flat and press messaging muscles. Porcipines rub quills against leg. 

Spear reaches arms into Blue's rodent body and grabs two rats and pulls. He lifts up an through Blue. 

Mice and rats squirm and push to Spear and push Spear up and up and up.

Spear pushes hammer through rodents and pulls on handle to lift him further. He breaths calm to slow the thumping heard and quivering muscles. The muscle feel to stretch,  and twist, but remain taut and flex on Spears arms as a drum beats holds the muscles to form.

Myst's drum beats beat rats and mice to scurry to the dark cracks and silent nests. The drum beats vibrate stagmites. The drum beats give pace with their pound to Spears kick and climb up the middle of the rodent Blue.

Blue laughs with squeeks, squeals and clicks filling the cavern and tunnels. Blue raise arm and creates and fist and slams a fist at Jan while a long strand of mice and rat chain like hair on a redoent head swings over the cavern floor to Myst.

Mice and rats fall and tumble to ground as the lock of rodents hits Myst and the rocks that surround.

Myst is pushed back, but is not knocked down.

Her drum falls and hangs by rope.

The song humms from her lips. She sings the name, ,,REIIIIIGHHHHHHN!'' in a long solo operatic song flow where the drum beats end. 

Her stare amulet of Reighn illuminates through her shirt and cloak. It warms Myst's flesh. It heats the blood and burns the points from Myst.

The rodents run from Jan and scurry to cracks and holes. Mice and rats scurry toward Jan.

Jan stands. Her black algea cloak falls to ground. Her staff twists and turns root ends into the sediment and gribs rock and roots to stand. Her body secretes hormones. Her sent floats and flows with  a breeze through the cave and into the holes and cracks and the fissure.

Blue's rodent mass spreads and base and creates legs. Chains of rodents climb end to end to form long locks from top of rodent mass. Squeak laughter and chirps flows and ebbs to talk of common tongue composed by the squeaks and chirps. ,,Fools fight. Fools die. Fools let their people die.'' Blues large limbs swing fist at Jan. And jams rodent fist and arm into body pressing a force to Spear and Dante.

Claws and paws clasp and cling to Dante and Spear as Blue laughs and speaks, ''Surrounded people be. Leave here and dead you'll see.''

Fineal's cry pierces the talk.

Fineal's cry as Fineal dives past the swinging chains of rodents and into and through the mouth of blue.                                          

Blues talk ebbs and flows with the wind.

The rodents squirm and claw from the flight path of fineal.

The mound of Blue and the rodents shifts and slides and lowers as claws and legs clasp and grab to fill the hole of Fineal's path. The mound ripples.

Dante sways as the mound sway. He grabs racoons, rats, porchines, hedgehogs all burrowing to the center like a never ending push away from the surface of Blue. Dante climbs from the waist to the shoulder to the head and punches and pulls at the twirling rope of rodents flinging about the cavern while glancing so see Myst as she sings. 

Myst's song's the minds and calms the body. It gives William a focus to punch and pound and claw away the rodents from the mass.

Kirra's hears Myst's song. The pain poking body sooths. Mind hones and focuses. She tosses three daggers at the base of the lock of rodents then leaps away from another lock swinging at her head. 

Claws and tails wipe Kirra's face and she flips, lands and stumbles back against a boulder.

She pulls out her short swords and slash a rat, squirrel and mink in half cutting the chain lock.

Rodents fall to the ground. Rats hit Kirra. Ferrets hit Myste spread arms and head. A flying badger detached from the base split by Kirra's daggers hits Minst.

A fire ball bursts through the badger from Minst across the cavern leaving a trail of steam into Blue's base.

Fur, skin, flesh blast. A whole appears. Fire bursts and spredsand licks the feet of Dante.

The fireball first puls agains Spear's back.

Fur and flesh smoke wiffs and blows and swirls with the hormones of Jan.

Scorched crawl and walk to Jan.

Jan smells flows through the Blue's mass and Spear smells.

Spear's head beat pumps and pounds. Veins pump and pull Spear's feeling toward Jan.

Mice and rats, crawl from Spear and from Blue's rodent's mass and scurry toward Jan. Rats and mice running over sediment stop and sniff a wiff of Jan's scent and follow it to the source over and between rocks and boulders.

Mice and rats bounce against the floor and run away from Myst and to Jan.

A pile grows around Jan. Rats crawl and cover. Mice squeeze and rise to the top. The feel the singe of the fireball as it passes. They hear the song of Myst and she sings. 

Fineal screams and divers to Blue as Blue talks above the song of Myst. ,,Fight you see is what you will always be.'' 

,,YOU WILL YIELD TO ME!'' hollers Dante climb up and pulling apart the rodent mount. ''YOU KILL ALL YOU SEE!''

Myst raises hand with ring and screams, ,,THEMAGICWORD!''

...And her song fades with the echo of THEMAGICWORD!

Dante's voice fades and silences with Blue' laughter. The mound sways an shifts.

Rats and mice run from Blue's mound to Jan's mound.

Jan's mound of mice and rats grows to twice her height then to three times her height.

The rats run past Kirra, Minst, Willam and Myst. 

Minst kicks away a badger and jumps onto top of a boulder. He pulls out sling and set bullet into pouch. He twirls and first.

The bullet shoots from sling over Myst...

Myst coughs and sways. The light from the star of Reigh fades. She steps then runs to Blue.

The bullet shoot over Kirra... 

Kirra watched the mound of mice and rats grow. She hold her blade.

The bullet shoot through the mass macking a whole.

Fineal cries and dives.

Rodent fear creates a hole for Fineal to fly.

Dante grabs the whole and pulls an shouts. ,,FIGHT WITH HONOR. FOR LIFE.'' He stabs the mass and pull up on the hilt.

The tip of sword slides past Spear.

The tip of sword stabs a hedgehog.

Energy masses from and to the hedgehog to squirrels, badgers, moles, hedgehogs, mice and rats. Energy presses bodies and pushes bodies, pushes Spear, push Dante and shoots Spear, Dante, moles, hedge hogs, squirrels and mice and rats.

Rat, mice, squirrels, hedgehogs, moles and Dante, Spear fly have over rocks.

Minst pulls stops walk and pulls hand from back and pops two components from belt, smash, throws and says, ,,Spread.''

Webs spread from Minst plam to the from floor to tips of stagmites.

Rat, mice, squirrels, hedgehogs, moles and Dante, Spear break through webs and stink, hang.

The web stands begin to snap.

Rats mice squirrels, hedgehogs, moles fall around Myst, Kirra, Jan and William.

Rats and mice climb on rats and mice mound of Jan. 

Jan steps and the pile moves.

The mound movers over the ground past teh moles and squirrels running into creaves, holes, darkness. The mound raises and hits the swinging chains of mice and rats that hold tail with teeth and claw.

Badgera and squirrels fall.

Kirra duck and covers head. She swings sword at chain of rodents, feels a cut across her ankle.

Two badgers slash and bite Kirra.

William pulls rat from back and kicks a badger near feet.

Black soot and ash clouds and spread. They cover the sights of night.

William coughs and Kirra's eyes sting.

Myst stops runs as Dante and Spear pass flying above. She runs with their flight, sees the web spread. She looks at the rising mound of Jan's rats and mice. She ducks under rocks as rodents hit ground.

The light in the cave dims as Dante's sword hangs upon the web.

Webs stap and drop around Spear and Dante. They sag in the webs.

Dante reaches for his sword.

A badger near Spear breaks webs and falls as a ball of racoon hits the web and rolls down.

Spear flexes and pulls arms and legs from web.

Web breaks, and Spear falls and rolls along web. Arms stick against chest and calf against butt.

The web sways. 

The sword light dims.

Dantes sways and reaches for his sword. 

A badger bites his wrist. Badger's teeth finds the seam of Dante's glove.

Small fur fires are seen through out the cavern.

He pulls arm from web and tosses badger then breaks from webs and falls grabbing sword hilt.

Minst sees the darknes. Feels through the web all the creatures. He pulls hand from web.

Thuds of rodents echo and splat.

Minst pulls out his knife.

Dante sword illimates. It castes the shadow of Dante falling down web.

The shadow is caste upon the mass mound of Rodent's of blue. The shodow is caste along the mound of rats and mice around Jan. 

Rats and mice run and crawl on Jan's mound. The mound moves over rock and boulder reaching spreading like ooze  over rock and surface. 

Blue's mound of rodents twists its last chain of rodents. The rodent chain of Blue's creation clings to Jan's mounds. Badgers, squirrels, minks and hedgehogs claw at rats and mice. The rodent chain appear to pull Jan' mound of rodents closer.

The mound of rodents moves by Kirra.

Kirra steps past a smoldering squirrel. Smoke rises from it body.

Kirra watches Dante and Spear fall and Jan move and sees William be pounding to the ground. She looks along the walls and begins to see shades and shadows move across the wall and appear from darkness.

She lifts her sword to sing, but lowers her sword looking at the cover of dead over the ground.

Fineal cries and files over the dead an through and up the fissure.

The dead spread aross rock and boulder, in cracks and holes and around the two masses of being. The dead rodents smolder, quiver and twitch.

,,Why would...'' Kirra stabs  the burning squirrel kill its quivers. She watche the mounts of rodents merge. She sees William run from the path and Myst run to web.

Myst holds mace and runs, stops and walks with a shuffle with the web wall. She steps away from web wall and watches Fineal fly through the fissure. she sees shades and shadows on wall. She feel her thump of heart beat through body. She keeps glancing at Spear stepping nears as Spear feels no fear. 

Spear pulls in arms and tumbles and rolls fast, slow then fast sticking and poping from the web. His hammer then pick stick above as he falls and hits the rocks.

CLASH! and lcamer ring hollar and Dante slams the ground. 

As the clash echos and fades, Myst stabs a badger and the bagder scraps his hand.

As the clahs echoes and fades, William kills to badgers and steps away from a flood of rodents crawling and clawing and scratching away from the mounds.

As the clash echoes and fades, Minst funbles through pack.

Dante smashes badger with fist. And he kicks and pulls away from web. He slashes.  He rolls and crawls away from Spear. 

Spear hit with a thud then he moans. His side cracks. Pain breaks through body.

He looks up to see the wide thin web begin to burn.

The mounds of rodents merge and mice and rats purge scurring over the other. Squirrels, badgers, hedgehogs, porcipines, moles, mice, rats, ferrets claw swipe bite and scurry from the firepit the the nooks and holes.

,,WHY?'' hollers Kirra.

Fineal cires and flies around web and cries flying through the brightess and a small column of smoke then flies up and into the ceiling.

The column of smoke spreads. Tips of flags strike through smoke.

Minst peers at the smoke and the web and hollers, ,,THE WEB.'' He runs with pack hanging at side with hand inside boucing with run over boulder and rock.

A few components drop to ground pulling Myst's focus. He nears Spear and Dante.

Dante hears Minst then watches Minst run. Dante swing his illuminated swings. 

Each swing plays a know like a whistle swiging the wind. The blade slices webs, badger and  a chain of rodents swingong past and separating to a clutter of fur and paws with sharp claws.

William sees Spear and follows the stare of Kirra as Kirra watches Jan's mount rat and mouse mound merges and pushes into the center of the firepit and into Blues mound.

,,Why?'' says William.

Kirra nods and steps back, kicks away an badger, rat and sweaps foot to clear a rush for rodents tumbling and rolling and fighting.

William and Kirra step by the other.

Kirra puts her sword and dagger in sheath and steps on high ground. She watches the fire in the distance.

The fires spreads along the webs flashing to life then fading as it burns and extinguishes from the distant caverns.

A flash spreads, blinds. Smoke stinks. Small bodies fall and bounce. The smell of burnt fur fills nose.

Jan feels the pains of burns from the rats in the web. He body wants to fall to the soot and ash ground and hide head and body against the hundreds of scrapes and bites she feels through all the rats and mice of the cavern. Jan stands and pushes and walks and sees to the rats and and mice to heal and not kill the begins of Blue. She steps and shows from her mind to their minds, pain and confusion of forces. She creams.

The rats and mice fill the cavern with shrills and squeaks. 

Beyond the deep of the mind, Spear feels the rage and pain scrape along spine to mind. 

Jan weeps and Kirra steps toward the mound of fighting, fussing, clawing and running rodents from the fire pit thorugh the cavern. Kirra runs to the piles. 

William watches. He steps had runs after Kirra. ,,WAIT,'' says William above the scream of rats.

The scream of rats twists the sight of the falling and smoking rodents as Minst runs

...Burning rodents hit the ground with thuds. Minst

Dante lowers his sword and the shadows caste through the cavern sway.

Squirrels, moles, hedgehogs, rats, mice, minks, ferrets scurry between rocks and boulders away from the fire pit. Rodents near the firepit swipe and claw with hisses and bits the run and chase away from the firepit. Their claws and faces aim for the holes and cracks and the paths away from the firepit.

Echoes of claw scraps and paws patting the ground echo from corners. Smoke swirles.

Piles of rats and mice crawl for mounds and away from pit chasing squirrels. Badgers hiss and saunter along.

Minst coughs, and his chest quivers. A few components fall to ground.

,,Why,'' says Dante as he kicks a squirrel with claw scrapes and torn flesh.

Kirra peers at Dante then starres at the deep shadows cast upon ledged adn between stagmies. 

A soft breeze blows the smoke and flakes of web. Flakes of web stick on skin or smear as ash.

Minst coughs. 

Myst looks over the dead and to Myst. She steps to Minst letting her mace sway with arm and drum hit against knee.

William glances at Myst and the tapping drum. Then shruggs and shakes head. He exhales and lets shoulders relax the armor. ,,What?'' says William.

Kirra doesn't hear the Why of William, but walks to the soot and looks at Jan and at the stretching and growing shadows through the cavern. 

Jan stands ankle deep in soot feel fur, sweat, soot and blood cloth her body. She feels the screams and scrabes and  breaking of bone and flesh fade from body then mind. Flashes of feeling of death, loss, confusion and fear fill Jan.

The feel from her spans and spreads throguh the being as she falls into the firepit soot.

Kirra runs for Jan as Spear feels the wave of the sorrow, death, confusion and fear spanning from Jan. He stutter steps and loses thought and looks about a pack of squirrels scamper past  a young ferret on hind legs. For an instant Spear can hear the Ferret squeak and plead for its mother. Then the instant pass and Spear stands and hold his hammer and pick and looks across the celing the walls. 

The shadows shift and grow. Lines of sihlouettes contract against the dark.

The pulse of sorrow passes through Dante then Myst and Minst as William and Kirra run for Jan.

Tears well under William's eyes.

The sorrow spreads and fades, but leaves a resdue in the minds of all.

Dante looks at the ground. He sheaths sword. 

The cavern dims to a early dawn glow as Dante's scabbard glows.

,,Why all the killing?'' say Dante. He step from the rocks and to the clearing around the firpit. He watches Kirra and William slop into the firepit. He sees the beings appearing on ledges and from rocks beyond the dim light from his sword scabbard.

The dims shines to the pit helping jan be illuminatds. The sludge in the pit up to Jan's shoulders as she kneels and stares at all.

Tears stream her face and clean paths to the drops. The drops fall and puff gains a surface of ash and ash mud.

Kirra and william slow their slop and walk to a stand near Jan. Both glacn around peering away to watch the shadows swish and sway.

The drum thumps fade as Myst stands and looks amoungst the dead. She kneels by rats and racoons laying near and twitching.

Minst coughs and looks about. He picks up components from ground and puts all put tow on back before fassening it to back. He touchs his spell book. He sees through the dim at the beings seen in the shadows. ,,We are not alone.''

Myst nods and looks at a ferret with back broken and body laying at an angle. She reaches and  grabs the ferret and lifts its bent body from ground then lays it on a rock. Her hand lays on the ferret and she sings a soft wheeze that echoes to a soothing hymn of notes.

The notes flow.

The ferret's eyes blink and legs twitch. 

Minst smiles as the ferret stand on rumb and twitches nose at Myst. 

Myst forces a smile. the smile illuminates. 

The smile Jan feels. 

Jan feels the being looking upon her, but don't know who the are. She stares at the dark braids of Kirra and her firm cut muslces. She looks at William and stares at the armor. She stands, tries to speak, but finds only silence.

,,Jan,'' Kirra says.

Jan is heard and hears, ''Jan.''

Kirra and William look at her. 

Dante's steps to fire edge. ,,We have many guests coming to finish what Blue the tyrant could not win.'' His words faded. 

Spear watches the parameter of his sight seeing dwarves and humans and elves slolwy walk coverings and rocks and holes and trails.

Dante steps to the firepit. ,,Be Jan aware and ready for flight or fight.''

William and Kirra nods.

Myst walks from the Ferret and toward the Jan pulling her cloak over chest and clipping her mace to belt. She walks and pulls up drum. 

Minst steps with Myst and looks at the ferret. 

The ferret wiggles it's nose and whiskers then runs after Myst as Myst steps and jumps over boulders to the clearing round the firepit.

Jan feels Kirra's stare and sees Kirra. ,,Kirra,'' she says.

They stare. 

Jan smiles and stesp through the soot between Kirra and William. ,,We have found Blue.'' Jan walks to fire pits edge. She steps from  the firepit. Cloak of muck coveres her body.

Kirra says loud, ,,THE GOBLINDS WILL WIN.''

Dante still stares at her nakedness. His blush is hidden with the darkness and focus returned with the glance around. ,,WE SEE PEACE AND HELP!''

Everyone looks at Dante then at the silhouettes stepping from shadows.

The silhouettes surround the firepit. They appear from the distance along the walls. They appear along rock tops and ledges. 

Spear steps from rock to bould and stands above the ground. ,,Who can fly?"

Minst raises his hand. ,,I am able to fly. I feel I can. I see the runes-''

,,WE,'' says William. ''HAVE ONLY PEACE.'' 

His voice echoes and fades.

,,I believe these being may be unable to reason with those beyond their realm of living,'' says Dante. He grips the handle of his long sword. 

The silhouettes slide through the darkness and at the edge of the illumination of Dante's sword.

The ferret healed by Myst runs to her and runs up Myst's leg to her shoulder and squeaks.

Hundreds of eyes of rodents appear through the shadows. 

Jan is the first to feel a force contracting then pressing against her body. The force is felt by all. 

The presure builds and releases with a distant laugh. A laugh like the wind, like the river, like the squeeks and scratches.

,,Blue,'' says Spear, Jan and Kirra.

William pulls his sword from sheath. ,,If you want my blood then let me hold my sword, so I may take yours.''

,,William,'' says Myst. She looks at Kirra. 

Kirra pulls sword and dagger from sheaths and steps upon a boulder near Spear.

Jan walks with head low as Blue laughs and feels the preasure release from her.

,,Become one with all,'' says Blue as he stands next to Jan. 

Kirra turns and throws her dagger.

Dagger shoots from wrist to Blues tangled hair and hit to the ground.

A force of rage flushe from Blue and through Jan, Myst, Minst, William, Dante, Kirra and Spear.

The rodents eyes leer back then step forward. Their eyelids partly cover their eyes  through the darkness.

Spear feels the force and watch the sihlouettes remain still as he leaps from the boulder to the gound.

Kirra follows dagger thow with a filp behind a boulder. 

Blue appears beside her, laughs by her earth then is blows past as Kirra feels the force flow around her the rock. 

Jan picks up her algea robe. 

,,You kill,'' sneers Myst. 

Wind laughter feels cave then words of elvenish then dwarvenish flow to suface talk for all to hear. ,,We kill.''

,,THEN WE WILL DIE,'' hollers William. William feels the burn of the darts and stink of tiny claw marks.

,,Everyone dies,'' is heard by William.

William spins with guantlet fist leading. 

Only air is hit.

Blue appears by Dante and swift kicks at Dante.

Dante hits Blue's leg and punches foot.

Blue falls and disappears before he hist the ground.

Jan lifts her cloak and staff. Her cloak slides over her body. ,,Your trees will die,'' says Jan. ''Your flesh will be food.'' Jan grabs her staff and walks to the boulder where Kirra onces stood.

As she walks, Minst slowly unscrews base of dagger hilt and fills the texture of each scroll
finding the teleport scroll. Then he screws the base of hilt to hilt without letting focus leave the cavern walls.

As Jan was to the top of boulder, Minst closes her eyes and lets the laughter of Blue begin a song. The song begins with strings that pluck with the crawling of the ferret over her cloak and leather tunic.

As Jan walks to top of boulder, William clenches fist and peers through the darknes.

Spear and Kirra follow Jan's acsent. Both stare, scan

Dante grabs his horn. Pain spread and flashes through body. His jaw clenches. 

The horn hangs on sash. 

Dante loooks around cave. He says loud, but not a shout, ,,We need the winter to pass for the trail from canyon to thaw.''

,,Excuse me,'' says Minst. He lifts up the alteration scroll seperating it from the group teleport scroll. ''Excuse me, Blue. But Don." Myst fumbles papers. He tucks teleport scroll between elven chainmail. "This.'' And holds up the tan long scroll. "This scroll posses the power to reverse and change to the canyon. Changes that were made in good faith to help protect from the goblins.'' Minst stands and holds up scroll.

Wind blows from creavas top to its bottom. It blows to laughter then the word, ,,FOOL...''

Blue appears near Minst, takes the scroll and disappears.

Myst ferret friend perched on her shoulder pops and lifts head. It sniffs and squeaks and looks at William.

Myst looks at the ferret as its squeeks sing with the string song in mind. Her somft taps tap with the movement of its head.

She sees a flash of a star near William.

William feels his gauntlet clench fist.

,,William!'' says Myst.

William turns and swings fist and gauntlet.

Fist and gauntlet slam Blues hair and face.

Blue flows back. 

Kirra pulls another dagger from a sheath on hip and throws it at the falling Blue.

Jan tosses her staff as Kirra pulls dagger and as Blue falls. She follows throw with a spin and a step then a leap to another rock.

Her staff spins through the air knocking Kirra's dagger from path and twirling to hit against rock and boulder. The dagger lands near staff.

Kirra glances at Jan as she jumps  ground near Blue.

Blue falls then hovers above the ground as the staff and knife fly away.

Jan says loud, ,,THE GOBLINS WILL BE AFTER YOU!'' She steps to a taller boulder and cup hands. ''NOW IS NOT THE TIME FOR NEW ENEMIES IF YOU WANT TO LIVE.''

Kirra stands and lowers sword to be ready to strike. She stares at Blue.

Dante grabs is horn and lets go of his sword. He looks around the caveren with Myst and Minst.

Small torch fires begin to burn at the edge the shadows and the depths of caverns. 

Eyes larger than the rodent eyes still starring from the depths blink into view. 

One then two then three beings strep from the edge of the lights.

Blue turns in the air, and stands above the ground. 

William steps the edge of the boulder next to Kirra. Both pulls blades and stand. Their attention focused on Blue as the see the being appear from darkness.

A being walks from the darkness between two boulders by Kirra and Minst.

Then three more walk near Dante.

Each being are dressed in dark greens and brown pants, shirts, wraps, leggins jackets, coats, leather armor, hide. Staves and bows hang from hands. 

Two beings below Minst and Myst are a dwarf and an elf. Both are dressed in dark brown pants and coats tight around legs arms and chests like a body suit. Their hair is frayed locks tied back and away from face. Pieces of exposed skin are dark from sun and dirt.

All being steps silent and slow toward the pack.

Dante rests hand on hilt. ,,Heed you approach or my blade you will need to reproach.

The beings near slow step to a stand. The being along the edge of light, and the tourches and eyes peering through the night mover from darkness into the deep light. Each moves fluid and silent. Then they stop and stand and stare.

The sound of William's armor is the only sound as he adjusts his stance above Blue.

Blue stands still like a stone statue. He hands lay at sides. His eyes reflect fire light and peer between locks of frayed hair at Jan.

The rodents stare at Jan.

Jan feels nothing. She stares and scans over the cavern.

Dante stares from Blue and the three beings standing in shadows to the sides and looks at Jan.

The ferret on Myst's shoulder squeeks and crawls down Myst and over boulder and rock toward Jan.

,,We wait for you,'' says Spear letting his hammer and pick hang to sides. He steps from his still position over the top of a boulder toward another stack of boulders hiding two beings standing in the shadows between. 

,,We wait for Blue,'' says Jan. Her voice calm and near a whisper, but carries to each of pack spread over the area near the firepit. ''We wait for Blue to kill all then itself. We wait for all these creatures to die one by one at the will of Blue. We wait for Blue and all it has to offer. Death.''

The ferret run up rocks and boulders to Jan and lays at her feet. 

,,Death,'' say Blue with the sound of the wind and chirps, squeeks and clicks of the rodents forms the words. ''It is everywhere.''

,,FOOL,'' hallers William. ''And the FOOLS that believe!''

The wind and rodents sounds form a laughter then echoes around and flows to Blue. ,,Fools follow a fool on a fools quest to stop fate.''

William clenches guantlet covered fist, lifts sword.

Kirra grabs William's shoulder.

Spear holler's, ,,WILLIAM!''

Spear's shout's echo fades to silence with Blue's laugh. 

,,Goblins, humans, dwarves,'' says Blue. ''Pests.'' Blue moves letting eyes look from Jan to William then Kirra. ''Pest that destroy.'' Blue walk to rocks and begins to step up one by one while speaking. ''Pest that waste, wander and want to rule."

Blue's voice blows from the crevass and the breathes of everyone.  ,,You quest to kill the goblins of your swamp.'' 

,,The goblins are a scourge,'' says William.

,,Fool,'' says Blue. The voice of wind laughs. ''Fools.''

Kirra steps before William.

Spear sees two more hidden beings as tall as he between the shadows near Minst and Myst. 

Minst holds the alteration scroll and teleport scroll. He lifts the teleport scroll and begins to read...

Kirra looks at Jan and watch the shadows move. 

Myst hums, and watches the healed Ferret walk around Jan's feet the scampers from the rock toward Myst. She sees William stare past her then look to Blue.

Blue's picks up Jan's staff and says, ,,Will you put the goblins in cages.'' He tosses Jan staff at Jan. ''Like rats in a mountain.''

Jan catches the staff.

The wind and breath talk says, ''Or kill.''

Kirra gribs dagger.

Spear beings holdooing bows at side starring on ledges on stalagmites.

,,You,'' says Jan. ''They are you.''

The wind and breathes laugh to a whistle then silence. 

The laugher blows through William's mind then body. It echoes around Spear. It is dragged through the thoughts of Kirra watching Blue and Jan and the groups of beings in the shadows. It is silent to Myst, Minst, Dante and Jan.

The ferret near Jan runs in circles and scratches at air and rubbing paws over ears to nose.

Jan and Blue stare. Dante steps back from Blue.

The laugh echos tense William's body then fist. His guantlet covered hand clenches a fist.

Spear looks behind for the laugh. Kirra steps to edge of rock.

Jan and Blue stare.

Dante puts hand on cross bow bolt clipped along shaft pf crossbow as he steps back and to a space between two rocks. 

Myst hears the note in mind skip then play on then fade as the Ferret jumps and twists in the air.

The jump leaps over a laugh the shoots like an arrow past Spear and William. They see the ferret leap.

William clenches fist and leaps from rock. His face is tense. A roar is hear with the words, ,,GET OUT OF MY HEAD!'' He falls, punches Blue. 

A thud is heard and felt by a few.

Blue falls to the ground. 

Before William lands, Dante sees the leap, so he leaps from the cover of the boulders and grabs  William after Wiliam's guantlet covered fist hits Blue. 

William pushes Dante back. Dante pushes Williams lunge through to the side into a rock. 

Showdows and shades lift and notch arrows. They left small tubes to mouths. The glow of Dante sword blinks to darkness. Outlines of purple flames light dance around the pack.

William, Spear, Kirra feel humor, joy, hope, hopeless and rage as the laugh ebbs and flows around the cavern. 

Dant clenches his teeth and says with a firm, clear voice, ,,Calm we will be for calm will allow use to see.'' He hold William and says, ''Don't let this being betray your mind and control your actions with its trick.''

William relaxes. 

Spear and Kirra hear the pulling back of bows and the steady pace breath of archers aiming.

The laugh fades. Fairy fire dances around the pack. Dante's faire fire fades.

A few rodents scurry. 

Dante release hold on William and steps into the darkness. ,,Blue if you be a being with any hope of life or will to let living being live then please give us time to talk before we kill,'' and pulls two bolts from the shaft of crossbow and slides them into the crossbow barrels.

Jan stands. She stoops and picks up the healed ferret of Myst's then whispers into its ear. 

The Ferret calms. It squeeks and wiggles. Jan lets the Ferret down.

Myst's mental melody thumps and she hits her drum. Her drum pounds and the pound rebounds and reflects from the walls, the ceiling, the stagmites. 

Spear leads from rock top. His feet slide over rock and pebble with the Myst's pound.

With Myst's pound, kirra sees the bodies and being through the cavern aiming dart and arrows at body. She steps closer to being in nearby shadown crack.

With Myst's pound, Minst sees through the darkness the magical outline  of fairy fire. He sees the bows and blow guns aimed at him. He pushes the weave of fire from his body and blows it out casting him in darkness. 

Then sounds of breeze, bending bows and scambers of rodents are heard. Scuffles and a cough break a silence.

,,Where are you, coward color?'' says William. He steps from the rock and Dante.

Their armor clashes.

The sound of an arrow slices silence between Dante and William.

Blue laughts with the chirps and squeaks while Minst says, ,,Why?''

The laugh builds from animals sounds to the wind and the faint echo of Myst's drum beat.

''Why are you killing your own?'' say Minst. He steps forward.

William heard Minst question and lets his shoulders relax and ease. He steps 
back from Dante.

Dante looks back to Minst.

Then the laughter stops.

Minst's word are heard through the cavern. ,,Why didn't you kill us before we entered or as we entered or before you created a being a animals to kill and use to kill?"

The glow from Dante's sword shines from Dante to the edges of the cave. 

Blue's body is no longer near the pack, near the firepit near the cropping  of boulders. 

,,Cowards,'' says William. 

,,It's a trap,'' says Kirra.

Spear flexes an peers at being standing near.

Being clad in dark cloth relax pull on bow strings and lower tube from lips letting tubes and bows hang. 

,,And why do you get to decide,'' says MInst as he walks to the group and past dead rodents and pieces of web strung betwee boulders. ''There is no balance in senseless death when there are ways to prevent that death by killing use before we entered."' He looks down at a squirrel and gopher covered in blood and laying on the silt. ''Why didn't you kill us when we arrived in the cave?"

The ferret healed Myst runs down rock up rock and to Myst then climbs her shoulder.

The song in Myst's mind stops.

The ferret stands on her shoulder.

,,Blue fears,'' says Jan. She walks with staff and looks at Myst. She peers at the ferret,  says, ,,Blue fears losing control.''

A voice of squeeks and squeals from the ferret. The voice expands from Myst. The voice poke Myst's hearing and punctures the ears of the pack. 

A ring darkens sight then through pain of tears they see the ferret look to talk. Through the pain a high pitched and quick voice speaks, ,,I CONTROLL.''

Myst covers her ears and the ferret falls to the ground.

Jan looks around at the begin standign and kneeling throughout the cavern. ,,They give you control. And you take and give them only you.''

,,Why,'' says Minst. 

The ferret scurries from the rocks and Myst and into the shows with the hundreds of other rodent pairs of eyes.

A mound of soot grows from the fire pit the falls from Blue's long locked hanging hair then chest, hips and naked feet.

,,I will it,'' says Blue. ''The trees will it. The plants will it. The bugs will it.''

,,What?'' says William truning to follow the stare of Minst, Myt and Jan.

Spear and Kirra look over the mass of creature. Beings standing kneel. Beings holding swords lower swords. Arrows of bows are slid it quivers and blowgun are twirled with fingers. 

,,You fear losing control.'' says Jan. She walk with staff to the edge of her rock and leaps from rock top to fire pit edge. ''You fear the goblin horde.''

,,Fear,'' says Blue as he sways through the sludge. ''I do not feel fear.''

,,We animals do,'' says Jan.

,,Anyone of sane mind fears,'' says Dante. He watches the shadow people relax stance and step back.

,,You did not kill us because it is not the will of those who give you power,'' says William. ''The killing of life to show your power only to show you failure.''

Jan's turns back to Blue's body wading through soot, ash, muck, blood and rodent bodies. She looks at the shades, shadows and silhouettes throughout the cavern. ,,YOU ARE TO BLAME,'' says Jan. She looks at Kirra, Minst, Myst, Dante, Spear, William.  ''I am to blame.'' 

Her words carry to the cracks and tunnels. The sounds of words flow to silence. 

She looks at Dante. 

Minst pulls out flour pack and water pack from bag, tighten bag, fumbles sling and ling bullet in other hand.

Dante's armor scraps and ruba on metal armor. He puts finger from forehead, shoulder, chest and shouler the waves hadn before face.

The caver shadows and shades reveal elves, dwarves, orcs, orgers, humans, half-elves and gnomes clasping bows, blow guns, slings and daggers. Many stand near the fissure along the ceiling and the fissure along the floor. A few stand on ledges and near the firepits.

,,Gnomes,'' says Minist.

He stares at the stout and skinny gnome covered with a wrap of brown and black cloth from head to toe like a warrior ninja and like all the other breings. Their packs small and a slight hump on back and bodies no bigger than shakes. Their faces creased with wrinkles. 

''Wow, that's...''

William says louds and slowly turns to look around the cavern. ,,WE MEAN YOU NO HARM!'' His voice lowers to loud talk and carries to and past the fisure. ''We only sough haven while the snows and ice thawed from the mountain pass, and we may leave this valley, the canyon to our family and loved ones.'' He lets the song like words flow the fade. He stares far and near at the beings through the cavern.  ''I plead with you to let us remain. Show use how to live the winter without killing, and I pledge to give life to remain to protect this canyon from any future foes and enemies who wish to destroy its life."

An aura and glow feels to be caste from Dante. 

Spear, William, Kirra, Myst watch the face of the beings standing around, and they see most starring at Dante.  Dante's words ease muscle pain and waken the mind. Their bodes flex and hold and wait for more as the sound of Dante's voice fades.

A few of Blue's warriors slide sling bows to back, hook blowgun to hips or into sleeves, loop slings around belt then turn and walk toward the fisure along the cavern floor or steps and ledges along the ceiling.

Eyes of rodents in dark depths not illuminated by Dante's light blink and disaappears. Squirrels follow rats and hedgehogs along the floor with the ferrets taking their own path away from the firepit. 

Myst holds up boths scrolls, ,,And I have a scroll to reverse the alteration of the forest.''

A gust blows from the fissure and flows and funneles between rocks and boulders kicking up dust. Myst looks from Dante as the gust blows past. Jan watch the gust and grips staff.

William whispers, ,,What now,'' and steps past Dante and to the boulders with Kirra, Jan and Spear standing on top only glancing back at Blue.

Blues steps to fire pits edge.

And Dante turns to look at Blue. ,,Let me serve for the errors of those people I protect, but let the people live for the winter and let those we know not suffer the fate of death for my poor judgement and leadership.''

A few more rangers and druids turn from their positions and the the fissure as the gust twists and truns around rocks leaving a dust trail. 

A ferret and a pack of mice near the feet of Blue lay dead then blink and scamper from the much and through the rocks.

The a rat pulls self from the soot and ash behind blue and sits at firepit edge.

Blue stands. The gust of wind twists between rocks and by Jan.

William hears Dante's words. He looks to Myst the Dant and says as he looks at Blue. ,,I pledge to help if it spares the lives of the women and childrens.''

Spear looks and peers at William. He pulls sight away from the beings of Blue and steps toward William. ,,And the small shield? The goblins?'' 

William and Spear  stare as Kirra walks to Jan. William looks at Spear and say, ,,If I am able to save these people and lives then there will be more against the horde. And against their plague.''

Spear nods.

Kirra walks and stands by Jan.

Jan grips her staff and lets the robe hang from her body.

The gust flows past. The gust swoops down the boulder and past Myst 

Myst looks at William. her wide eyes relax. Her hands fall to side. The song on her mind fades. He lifts her hand to strike the drum top, but then relaxes hand on drum top.

Minst watches the gust flow past Jan then Myst then come toward him and fade to a breeze. 

A breeze blows over Minst.

Minst walks forward watching the rangers and druids around that stand kneel and sit. The watch each of the pack walk closer to Blue.

Blue stand's at firepits edge. Ferrets, rats, mice, possems, hedgehogs pulls bodies from soot and firepit muck and scurry away.

Their squeeks and chirps of the rodents form Blue's voice that causes a sharp pain. ,,It be seen as truth the words you speak, but what is the need of one against a horde?'' Blue steps and lets the breeze and the squeeks and clicks form a full voice that sooths

The breeze that blows around Minst becomes a gust with Blue's words and pulls the alteration scroll from Minst's hand.

,,The scroll!'' Minst exclaims as the words of Blue consume his sounds and use the sound of The for Blue's words.

''The forces will change. The horde will come. It will destroy and kill,'' says Blue through the sounds of the cavern. ''Then another horde will be. It will be goblins standing before. It will be a goblin knight fighting for family.'' The words end with a ferret squeal.

,,Like it was once the humans,'' says Kirra.

Jan nods and looks over the cavern walls to the firepit and Blue. ,,Why stop the horde?'' She looks at Kirra. ''Why leave the canyon?''

Before Kirra is able to answer, Dante says, ,,I am only one and the horde be many, but in my skills

,,THE SCROLL,'' hollers Minst as he chases the flying scrolls as it twists and turns through the air and around stalgmites. 

Blue's laugh fills then empties from the cavern.

All follow and watch the scroll float toward Blue.

,,FIVE,'' says William. ''Five,'' he says agian with his echo.

A bubble of mice burst from the soot and scamper past Blue then Dante.

,,Five,'' says Dante.

,,William,'' says Myst. Myst grabs her amulet. ''I will remain if we can help the people and save the canyon from the horde.''

A lock of Blue's hair wraps around the parchment with the alteration spell. ,,No,'' blows the gust. The gust blows to a breeze and the breeze tickles Minst's face. ''Go.'' Blue grabs the scoll. Blue lifts a finger and points at Dante. ''You remain with your warriors and peace will be until the sun melts snow. Your mage and cleric leave with the babies and kids. Of the weak and the sick.''

A hollow filling feels Jan then sinks pulling balance away.

Jan sways.

Kirra grabs Jan.

,,Leave,'' says the collective of scamper feet, chirps, squeeks and breaths of those remaining in cavern.

,,Leave,'' says Jan.

,,What?'' says Kirra.

The word, ,,Leave,'' echoes and pounds into Jan's mind. She feels the presure expand in skull.

As Jan feels the pain a gentle voice like the whisper of a mother speaks from the single being Blue, ,,Go.''

Jan kneels, and KIrra follows. 

Myst looks to Jan, ,,Jan.'' She steps with Minst toward Jan.

William and Spear follow Myst's words and grab hilts of weapons.

Dante stares at Blue.

,,Leave the being be,'' say Blue. The voice from a single mouth of the hair covered body. ''She is too near me.'' The voice soft like a child sound in mind.

,,Being near you cause pain for all life,'' says Minst.

A hand seen through a hair grabs scroll and pills scroll under hair. ,,Yes,'' says Blue.

The emptiness of Jan spreads and phases to an anche then fades leaving a sore arm all while  Kirra says, ,,Jan,'' near Jan's ear.

Jan' hears the Kirra's voice like an echo. Jan closes eyes and follows the echo to the source. She stands, and Kirra stands with her.

Kirra steps and spreads arms reach for Jan's shoulders. 

Jan steps away from Kirra and torso sways.

,,What spell!'' says William as he steps toward Blue.

,,It's no spell,'' says Minst. He squints. An arua and relief lines of the magic weave dance around William's armor, glover, neck. Kirra's garmet collar under her armor. Myst is covered with a glow from the a thread of prayer wrapped arond. The thread spread an arua spool the reaches and twists with Dante. Dante glows magic from Armor to sword to horn and fingers and belt. The glow almost touches Spear, who is dark of magic but birth with light then there is a flash and the darkness around Spear deepens. Minst sight deepens 

Then a nother flash aronds Spear and Minst forces eyes shut. 

BRIGHT LIGHT BURNS HIS SIGHT. Then cool spread over eyes

Minst sees through the light of the flash from Spear and the magic light case from Dante. He sees Jan's robe shimmer and weave and glow with the same pulse of the staff laying on ground.

,,It's our nature,'' says Jan as most an intant after the magical flash from Spear.  Jan stands with the sore and parting pain. ''My nature tips the balance of Blue's being. It is.''

Kirra nods. 

William hears and says at Blue and clenches guantlet covered fist, ,,I command you to stop!''

,,It is our nature,'' says Jan. ''It is. It will be.''

,,The balance of choas,'' says Kirra. She steps from Jan and steps toward Blue. ''How to leave?''

,,Leave,'' says a child like voice from Blue that matures to a man's as Blue continues. ''Leave once the warriors of Dante the Diamond will be fighting for the tree during five cycles of the seasons.''

,,I may only give my time and give my services to protect this canyon against the horde. My men have their own wills. They are free to choose,,' says Dante.

,,They are free to die,'' says Blue.

Dante nods. ,,,That be their choice.''

A pack of rats runs between the pack. Their whiskes lay soot stuck against the snouts. One by one the rangers and druids stand and turn toward the distand shodows and edges and paths over the celing and through the boulders and rocks.

Blue pushes scroll from hair. A gust swirls from ground around blue and catches the scroll and blows the scoll to Minst. ,,Your life is to caste this spell.''  Blue steps from the edge of firepit. Three dead squirrels life head has Blue walks past. Blue walks to Dante.

As Blue walks, a slender being as skinny as Jan and tall as Spear walks from the shadows creating no sound with step. The being's black leather boots are tied from toe to top of ankle. Pants plume from boot then pull tight around waits. A sleaveless jacket coveres a dark brown shirt. His tan skin spotted with soot and dirt along his arms, face, neck, face and hair. Hair is cut close and uneven.   His soot covered hand are wrapped around a blow gun the size of a finger. A rope and small sack hang from waist.

,,Guide your name will be. Guide each from the fissure to the camp,'' says Blue. ''Guide the magic caster and the repulsive one from canyon.'' Blue stands. The words from blue settle.

Guide nods and stands.

Everyone stares at Guide.

Spear says, ,,Are we follow?''

,,Yes,'' says Blue. ''Go.''

,,What be our state if all the warriors that follow the order of the Diamond do not find it in their faith to be guided to remain,'' says Dante.

Don kicks a pile of dead rodents toward Dante.

Rangers and druids from above and before walk away with silence and into the darkness. 

Two more rats and a mouse climb from a pile of rodents and scamper along the sediment floor and into the rocks. 

Myst's ferret runs from jan and from the rock and after the mouse.

Dead squirrels, hedgehogs, rats, mice, ferrets, gophers climb from piles of dead rodents  and from the sludge and crawl over Blue.

William and Dant step back toward Myst and Minst.

The rodents climb and cover Blues short body. 

Dante pulls out his sword. 
 
Pain pushes from Jan's body. Her eyes open. ,,No,'' she says.

The rodents of the pile beginning to scurry from the rodent pile and through the rocks and boulders and creaveses. The rodents spread and run revealing the edge of the firepit and soot.

''Gone,'' says Jan.

Minst steps forward. ,,Where?''

Jan grips her staff and steps back from the edge of boulder. ,,Everywhere.''

,,Not focused with us?'' says Minst.

Jan nods.

William steps from a still pile of dead squirrels and mice. ,,He not be here?''

Dante nods, looks at Guide. 

,,I want out of this grave,' says Spear. ''Guide? What's the name?''

Guide looks at Spear. ,,Guide.''

Spear smiles. ,,If you lead us to  sky and trees, you can be anything.'' He lifts arm. Pain pops through mucsle and bone. He glenches teeth. 

,,How is your wound, Dante,'' says William. 

,,It will heal.'' Dante's injured arm grips the handle of crossbow. A finger flips a latch that holds the release triggers.

The words of wounds spread to the minds of the pack. William feels the dull mold of flesh and mucles in arm where arrow sank spreading through the pin points pricking skin. Spear's arrow hole burns and spreads pain with each swing of the hammer, and skin stins as sweat spreads over body and blow dart holes. Kirra lifts arm feeling it's stiff muscles refuse to move causing pain to to strike and pull. Jan stands feeling the small pin pokes of darts tingle over her body. Myst's arm feels no pain nor doesn Minst.

Their bodies covered with soot, dirt and blood. The shining glow of Dante's armor a dull mess of gray. The white collar of Mysts shirt lay pressed against her hide coat. 

They stand watching limbing, crawling, clawing and squeeking rodents disappear behind rocks and into  shadows. They watch the seen rangers and druids step and walk away. One by one they stare at Guide.

Guide stands still. The long and skinny arms hang at sides. The face long adn narrow with angled chin and cheeks. The eyes hide in shadows of his sockets.

,,We need to go,'' say Jan.

,,Please, Guide, when you are ready to commence out return to the camp then please do not wait for us,'' says Dante.

Guide walk toward Spear and between boulder and edge of firepit and up a slope of rocks between a maze of boulders and tree roots.

Dante looks at William then glance at Myst. He takes his first step and walks nodding at Spear. ,,Out and up I hope we be sooner than another dead rodent I see.''

William, Spear, Myst, Minst, Jan then Kirra follow the single file trail around roots and rocks.

Guide leads toward the fissure in silence until they stand at fissures edge.

William looks down the fissure. A drip of sweat drops into the darkness.

,,How did this rip of the earth come to be,'' says William.

Guide looks from up to down then to William. ,,The land moves and shifts. It breaks when it shifts and moves.''

,,How long ago,'' says Minst touching finger to speel book spine. A pain jolts from shoulder to back and down spine.

,,Before Blue,'' says Guide. Guide looks up.

,,How old is Blue,'' says Minst.

,,Before me,'' says Guide.

,,Water was stored here before the crack,'' says Kirra.

All look up and follow Guide's stare. 

The fissure spans from one side of the cavern to the other. At its greatest width, Spear in full on cold leap from one side to the other. It smooth walls span down into darkness and above to a thin white line. Dots of light twinkle through the darkness and into the light.

,,I can't fly,'' says Spear as he looks at the fissure opening high above. He squints and sees rope wrapped from stagmites and up onto the fissure.

Guide makes a bird cry like Fineal. Then chirps twice. 

Lights above flash to darkness.

Guide lowers head and walks along the fissure edige. Foot falls kick rocks into darkness. Guide walks and the pack watches.

William leads the step for the pack to follow with Dante walk besides.

The wide path between rock and fissure end against a distant wall that reveals itself to light as the light of Dante moves with his path. Loose rock causes William to slips and step further away from the ledge and behind Dante as the path narrows.

Guide walk along the edge for the fissure.

Willaim follows. Right shoulder and armor scrapes and hits boulders. Head is lifted and peering down fissure. 

Tiny points of light flick and disappear.

Dante sees the last of the tiny points of light diappear below. Foot kicks rocks. Blood drips from finger down the fissure. He looks up.

Minst is lookng up starring into the darkness seeing only darkness parted by thin cut of white light. Minst peer trying to peer with his night sight into the fissure darkness, but sees only darkness. ,,The light?'' He says as he lifts arm, feels pain pull as he touch spine of spell book.

Myst sees nothing as she walks with eyes closed and taps on drums. She feels the slight sound reflect and bouce creating a sonic map. The song feel to pull in to the fissure as she feels  distant whispers sing with Reighn's song. Myst begins to humm.

The humm begins was the final lights in the fissure diappears and continues with the scrapes of Willaim's armor against rock and to Jan's thought as she walks behind Myst and before Kirra.

Jan pulls algea robe tight over body pulling the skin tight and numb. He staff holds close to chest and underrobe. Her pack sways and weights. Dull head and stomach pain weight and bounce against her body. He thoughts focus like the darkness for an end and beginning. Her body sways and steads and steps walk a winding path.

Kirra reaches with step to land near Jan as Myst's humm begins and as Jan's path sways.

Kirra hears whispers from the darkness below. She peers beyoud guide to see the darkness and shadows move from corneers beyond the dark sight. Her hand holds dagger and sword hild She sees a rock wall and follows the fissure to the ceiling and walkways and a ladder etched from the stone.

Spear feels creatures near and beyond the shadows. He walk forward and feels the magic from Dante, Willima, Minst and Jan. Spear feels a feeling deep inside giving him the sight to see into the shadow not with the eyes but with all the sense to feel and see the arrows and blow gun aimed at their bodies. Spear walk and watches the light.

Dante's magical light fades as they walk and walk and walk with Myst's humm and William's armor scrape.

The distance see to be near grows in height.

Trail inclindes. The boulders become rocks. The rocks become pebbles. The pebbles spread along the rim of the floor. 

From the fissure the stone wall spreads to the darkness with jagged to smooth rock face.

William looks along the rock face squinting through heat pumping pain to shoulder. Sweat drips. He breaths a deep breath and looks back at Dante. 

Dante peers along the wall saying while lifte left arm and arrow stabbed bicep, ,,Ready for a good climb.''

,,Climb?'' says William.

Myst thumps bouce off Dante standing. 

Myst opens eyes to the bright wall to a ceiling of stalagmites and the fissure. She looks back and Myst, Jan and Kirra to Spear. 

Spear and Myst stare. 

The song in Myst's mind hits beat of Spear's heart.

Spear feels the dum beat. He inhales and focus on his body. The heat slows. The beath of Myst changes and they look away. 

Spear says, ,,William, I carry armor. I feel lazy.''

William stares at the ladder and stare. ,,I may be letting you carry the armor.''

All stare aling the ladder and stairs carved from the rock and leading  up to the fissure.

Rough and uneven steps made from rocks and boulders walk to stairs chipped from the stone wall. The stairs walk to holes the size of a fist or large foot. The holes climbe to the ceiling and into the ceiling into a half circle carved from the side of the fissure.

,,Is there a lift?'' says Minst.

Guide steps on stair and turns and looks down at the pack. He looks at Minst. ,,You.''

Minst, Kirra, Jan, Myst, William and Dante look at Guide.

,,You what,'' says Minst.

Spear steps around Kirra, Jan, Minst saying, ,,You are the lift,'' as he walks by Minst.

Guide says, ,,Yes.''

,,I can cast a spell to levetate.'' Minst talks pack from back and beings to focus on a distant though and reading of the ruines of books. Sqaures and circle extend from his actions of seaching pack from components...

,,I'll carry, William,'' says Spear as he stands next to William.

William nods at Spear's cut and stab wound on shoulder covered with sticky blood and scabs. William smiles. ,,I couldn't ask a helpless and wounded friend to bare my burden of armor.''

Spear smiles.

Minst feels a shock of pain through brain as a circle from a componet bag shoot toward head. He squints.

Dante winces as he unhooks his shoulder piece. He tosses it to the stone floor.

The clammer of armor echoes. 

,,I have a pouch,'' says Dante. ''It is wide enough and deep enough to fit your armor.''

,,Like Carolo's sash,'' says Myst.

William peers at Myst.

Myst peers back.

Minst grunts and humms and shakes head. He lets his back fall to the ground. He falls to knees and presses against the temples.

,,Minst,'' says William. 

Myst follows Willaim to Minst.

The shapes fade around Minst. His head sooths and the pain drains. He leans and sways back. 

Kirra steps, reachs and steadies Minst from falling off the ledge.

,,I may need rest and focus before a nother spell may be caste from my wore mind,'' says Minst. 

Kirra helps Minst stand. 

William steps back and being to disconnect his armor and tosses piece on  the ground. Each piece sing a song with Dante's armor hitting ground.

Guide stands then sits on stairs. 

Minst tightens pack to back and looks around seeing light then darkness and rock. He looks at Spear.

Spear looks at a few of the marks from the darts and a few claw marks. ,,Kirra, the salve if.'' He looks at Kirra. ''If I may.''

Kirra looks from the thin cut of light above and at Spear. She pulls pack from back and tosses it to Spear's feet.

Spear shuffles through back and find the leaf wrapped bar of salve. He takes water and washes sweat, blood, dirt and ash from arm and shoulder. A deep sting shock, but William doesn't move. He rubs the salve as William and Dante's armor pieces create a discourse of precussion.

Kirra looks at Jan, and then into the fissure. She hears whispers above about aim and shot. She hears the creaks of bows and the long set stretch. ,,Where does you path guide, Guide,'' she says looking  at the thin cut of light above.

,,Up,'' says Guide.

,,Up,'' says Minst. He squints and squeezes eyes shut then opens and looks at Guide. He pushes spell bood deep into his armor and pulls on dagger hilt, dagger, sling, belt pack straps, boot laches and the few pouches and belt. ''Up.''

Myst taps her drum and sings a song of sonics high and low.

Dante joins.

Another and anothe piece of armor hit and rattle upon the ground. The armor almost set precussion to the song.

Spear speads salve and puts it in Kirra's pack while the song spreads to Minst, Dante, Wiliam, Myst and Jan. 

Jan feels the harmony of Dante as he sings and lays plates of armor upon the ground. The stings in her body go numb and her body relaxes. Jan smiles and then pushes soul force from body pushing energy out only to feel her force be pushed into her causing a jolt.

The jolt is seen by Kirra, but Kirra remains still and watching the shadows.

A cold gust from blows over the pack.

Guide sits on the step and stare forward beyond all.

Myst's and Dante's soft duet ends with the slam of the last piece of Dante's and William's armor to the ground.

Dante's magic light is a dim sphere around the pack illuminating little of the rock face.

Dante and Minst softly clap.

Myst smiles and bows. 

Kirra says starring up, ,,Climb." She looks at William. ''I want out.''

Dante looks at Kirra. ,,Indeed, I feel you desire for sun and open sky. Even the winter winds and snow is all there is to enjoy.'' He slips hand into the hide padding under his chainmail. Fingers fidget and push then pulls a square cloth the size of a human head.

Kneeling slow, Dante lowers and unfolds the cloth to the width and length of a human leg.

,,Is that a Lexin's Dimensional Blanket?'' says Minst.

Dante groan from shoulder pain as he reaches to lay out a far corner. ,,It be the same.''

Minst stand close and peers at the cloth. Then he kneels by hit. His body jerks. Snap of pain bursts through arm.

,,Do you need a blessing?'' says Dante with a wink and a smile.

Minsts shrugs and tips head back. Minst feels a need to touch the spine of spell book, but uses the pain to resist the urge.

Dante unfolds the cloths and look at William. ,,It is a portal to the ethereal plane like the tent only this is a bag.''

,,How much can it hold?'' says Minst as William looks at the cloth laid on the ground and then to his armor then to the cloth on the ground.

,,It has held a cart,'' says Dante.

Spear shrugs shoulders with a jerk of head back then follows the motion to turn and walk to the edge of the fissure near guide. He stares into the darkness hearing Minst.

Minst says, ,,Why did you need to put a cart in the portal?''

Dante kneels on a knee and shifts to look at  Minst as he puts armor in to the portal. He says, ,,The cart...'' as Minst, William, Myst and Kirra and Guide watch Dante lift a plate of mail aromor for the shin and lower the armor piece into the blanket like it a dark hole. Dante's hand diappears with the armor piece. Then the arm pulls and empty arm free all while saying, ''The food cart was of food to feed the Diamond Warriors and the people found to the mountain pass,'' while continuing to put armor into the void. ''The goblins were gaining on our journey to the mountain pass. As we journey across the vaste Valley, the cart wheel broke. Having no time to find or build a new wheel, I put the cart into this portal.''

,,Why did you put the entire cart? Why not only put in food?'' says Minst feeling the tension of resisting the want to touch the spine of his spell book and the touch of pain pumping through arm.

,,Don has told me that the nature of the portal to keep the objects connected is in the memory of the peron place the item in the portal. He went on to explain that a weave magic is able to vision our minds use what we think of the object to connect the object wanted to be grapped and pulled from the portal.'' Dante puls hin his breast plate, the final piece of armor.

,,The cart was easier to remember and connect to the portal,'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' Dante with a smile and nod.

William stares at the portal.

Spear says with back turned and focus into the fissure. ,,Why did the goblins stop chasing?''

Dante looks at William.

William stares at the Portal.

Dante looks at Spear. ,,We broke free of the goblin horde's front line many cycles Autum from the canyon. There was a large contingent that followed. A few of their warrrors endured exhaustion to attack. We feared we would not make it across the valley. And if the valley then not through the winter or over the pass."

Spear turn head to glance at Dante. 

''I believed we were going to shine upon the Brilliant Lord. It was Cycles before we were to hope to reach the mountain base. Then before the first snow fell they stopped. We seen their campfires go further Vern to the front lines.''

,,How many cycles have passed,'' says Minst.

Dante stares through Minst.

William graps  shin armor plate and kneels near the portal.

Everyone else, but Guide stares at Dante. Guide watch William's hand and shin armor plate.

,,Thirty-four rotations,'' says Dante.

,,What do I need to do?'' says William.

Dante says looking at Minst.

Minst looks away and stands. ,,That was some time ago. Has the cart of food been ate?"

Myst and Minst glance at each other, make contact then look at William.

,,You have my honor to ruin if the portal will not return your armor,'' says Dante as he sees Myst and Minst glance at each other then see William holding armor piece over portal.

William lowers hand, release grip on armor piece then pulls hand out of the portal. ,,How do I grab it. Get it? I want-''

,,Think of it,'' say Dante.

,,I think of it,'' says William.

,,Now put you hand in and grab,'' says Dante.

William puts hand in to the portal, thinks and pulls hand free with shin armor in hand. His eyes widen. He watches himself put the armor piece inside the portal then the next and the next and the next...

Kirra steps from ledge past Spear and Guide to the stairs and climbs to the wall and inspects the holes in the wall.

Jan smells no more rot, smoke and sweat. She sniffs and smells nothing.

Minst and Myst and Guide watch William put armor in to the portal.

Spear steps Guide and to Kirra.

Kirra rubs her and around the edge of the one of the holes in the rock. ,,Chisseled. Sloppy.''

Spear nods. He hooks both his pick and hammar to belt. ,,Shall we scout the trail.''


Kirra smiles. She puts her hand into a hole and begins to climb gripping with fingers.

The chisseled holes' rough surface grip her fingers.

Guide stands and looks from the portal to Kirra as Kirra climbs the wall.

,,Taking all the adventures for youselves,'' says Dante. ''It is considered rude from my lands to know share,'' he says with a smile.

,,I am not from your land,'' says Kirra as she pulls self up the wall.

William release breast plate and pulls hand from portland. ,,Wiat. I beg. We, we are almost done. Then.''

Spear grabs, pulls and climbs hole to hole. ,,We won't go far while you admire your shiney toys.''

,,No,'' says Guide.

,,No,'' laughs Spear. His laugh echoes through the fissure.

,,Traps,'' says Guide.

Spear steps down. He looks at Kirra.

Kirra climbs before Spear.

,,There are traps,'' says Spear as he puts hands into the holes of the wall

Kirra looks up and sees the hand holds sway back and forth as they ascend to the ceiling.

Jan feels Kirra climbing. She feels her body move from her. Her body feels to spread until like a bubble her force floats from body and raises. It raises above William, Dante, Minst and Myst.

Myst looks from the portal to William. ,,It will be safe.''

,,It will,'' says Minst.

William looks to Myst then Dante then Myst. ,,Yes.''

,,Yes,'' says Myst. Her star of Reighn warms. ''Yes, Reighn says it will be.''

,,If my armor return once we leave this, this.'' William grabs a knee plate and puts it into the portal. ''This void." He looks at Myst. ''I will have more faith in Reighn.''

Myst smile and winks. Wiliam feels a flow of a warm glow radiate from Myst.

The stare spans to all.

,,We best be our way,'' says Dants, who stands looks through the darkness beyond the light and into the fissure to the thin cut of light through the energy of Jan.

Jan rises above Guide.

Guide watches William put armor into portal folder and glance back to watch Spear and Kirra climb the wall then feels Jan rise. He looks from Kirra and snaps head to feel the rise of Jan froce from body.

Jan rises above Spear.

Spear feels the force of Jan. He looks behind then to Kirra. His vision of night caste the walls in gray. 

The cold stone's surface rubs and holds his fingers and feet. 

Spear's shoulder and ribs spread dull pain like the muscles have been stretched and pulled. His left arm and hand feels loos, so he pulls with his right and lifts self fater Kirra. Spear watches Kirra's placement of feet and hands into the holes in rock. 

The holes in rocke spread from a narrow ladder like path of holes to a wide span of holes scattered over the wall. The wall waves and ebbes with rough cut edges with space holes spread to ceiling and around Kirra.

Jan rise above Kirra

Kirra feels a pull of Jan's force, but her focus upon a hole pulls away and pushes into the hole,s depths.

The hole on of many near her arm reach for the slow climb. 

She pushes and peers inside seeing a twinkle of light reflect. She sniffs and smells decay. She reaches over and looks at the holes above and around. 

Three holes have piles of mud around the base of the hole and one emits a white heat.

Kirra looks at two holes to the side and climbs to the side with heat dangling and hands and arms lifting and moving and holding steady the head to peer into holes before hands grip and help lift.

Spear follows Kirra's steady climb and the holes she puts her hand in. She follows her path until she pauses.

A feeling of tension releases and presse against Kirra.

A gust of cool window sprays from above and spreads from the fissure edge. The scrap of tiny claws scrap and scamper away into the showdows and darkeness beyond the dimming light. The darkness covers like the cold wind blow above.

Jan pops. Her force sprays and spreads.

Kirra's body feels a chill. Spear sees Kirra jolt and hold and says, ,,Kirra.'' Guide opens eyes wide and shakes from a cold from head to toe to the ground around as he looks at Jan's body. William puts shoulder plate into the portal fold. Myst hears the distant song of Reighn raise and spread with hundreds bells that feel and spread through the cavern. Minst sees a spread of magic burst from the light and the darkness then fade.

Jan's body falls.

Kirra pushes and drops to rocks steps.

Rock tumble and fall from steps.

Kirra grabs Guide, pulls him from steps, drags him to edge of fissure and hold him over space down. ,,Jan.''

,,Kirra,'' says Dante as he stands pulling swords from scabbards as scabbard lays on flow. His chain mail clinks.

Rocks from the edge of fissure.

Dante pulls sword from scabbard and stands.

,,Jan,'' says Kirra. ''Why?''

Guide hangs limp from Kirra's grip. His head almost falls back as he says, ,,I guide.''

The wind whistles to laughter then to a blow of whistle.

Through the wind, Kirra hears the stress of bow string and shaft.

Myst kneels and rolls Jan's body to lay on back and grabs her Star of Reighn.

The star warms then cools. The burst of bells tingles to the quiet chant in Myst's mind. ,,Jan,'' says Myst.

Jan spreads like a brust, an explosion then feel like force and energy pulled to the corners, the cracks, the holes, the caves, the rock cracks. The force of Jan is pulled.

The force is pulled by mice scurrying into holes into walls holes; rats pushing in to nests and suckling babies; mice sniffing the scent of dried meat; mice pressing against mice; rats wandering though the sense of smell; rats running along the fissure; rats and mice spreading through the cavern and the walls and to the sky and snow.

Jan feels the cold of snow, the warmth of a hole and blinded by Dante's sword light glow.

Spear feels Jan. ,,Hold, Kirra.'' His hands tense and grip. His muscles. 

A spasm ripples from Spear's spin to finger and toe tips. ,,It's...'' His hands slip from the rough holes of wall and feet. His body hits, but pain or shock feel hollow. ,,Jan's...'' His voice trails. Muscles poke, spirt, spasm, extend.

Spear slams agains rocks stairs and rolls to stone. The stairs rocks spread and fall, roll and rest.

Small eyes appear and blink from near and distant dark. Noses and whiskers poke into the light.

William steps to Jan then hears Spear hit. He turns and at Kirra.

Kirra hears Spear hit and Jan moan the Guide say, ,,I guide.'' Then she pulls on guiles and tosses his thin tall frame to flail the stumble to the rock and stops.

Tens then hundreds of eyes blinks ligts and stair. They hang like a fixed spell of a hundred lights.

The lights reflect the pain through Spear.

The pain spreads from bone to muscles and both pop and shift and extend. 

Spear's arms and leg, head, neck and chest stretch the lock and settle.

William steps and kneels by Spear.

Spear's black rat eyes open. His voice excapes like a high pitched squeel pounded low with Spear's booming basss sound. ,,I will be...'' The talk fades as he see the fur and claws and the snout.

Spear feel the pull toward Jan and wants to run. 

The light of eyes blink and vanish. 

Rats and mice run through the light and deeper into the darkness.

The run past Kirra asn she presses hand against Jan's chest.

Jan's heat beats slow and shallow and breath exhales, exhales, exhales.

Body coughs and spasms, settles.

Kirra looks from Jan and peers a Myst.

Myst kneeling grabs the Star of Reighn.

The song sings, but its chorus doesn't scream and reach to grab the breath of Jan for its body.

Myst says, ,,I hear and feel nothing from Reighn.''

,,It's the pull,'' says Spear. The force from Jan pulls as Spear pulls. "The rats and mice.'' The force snaps.

Spear's body feel a shot of force hit and spread. His body calms. and arms and legs of a half rat and human lay on the ground.

The force snapes to Jan and rippels through thousands of tight and taut connects of magic to every rat and mouse in the cavern expanding and contracting as the rats run. The force flows from Jan to the rats and back. 

Guide sees the rats run around and through and looks at Spear. He crawls away from  Spear and stands.

,,Myst,'' says Kirra. She looks and pears.

Cold wind blows and says, ,,Leeeeeeeeeeave...''

,,The rats. The mice,'' says Spear. He lefts and looks at hands. ''The mice.'' His low squeaked force carries.

William looks at Spear trying to look away from the hybrid were rat and the voice.

,,We should climb,'' says Minst. ''If that being we witness grows around Jan was anywhere near the weave of summonzing. And if it was beyond the power of Jan's connection then there...'' He looks around at the eyes of mice  and rat eyes disappearing. ''We need to move her less she be pulled away.''

,,A spell?'' says Kirra. ''Fly. Hover.'' She looks at Minst.

,,My head pulses with pain thinking of the act,'' says Minst.

,,No,'' says Kirra.

,,No,'' says Minst.

Kirra push and throws pack from back and pulls out short nylon rope.

Spear turns and looks at pack.

His pack with broken straps lays on rock.

Spear stands.

Guide stares and steps back.

Spear looks at Guide, ,,Rope.''

,,No,'' says Guides.

Minst open pack and pulls out thin hemp rope. He mumbles, ,,Where's Carlos and his endless sash of everything...''

Dante looks at Minst. He puts hand into the portal and pulls out silk rope. ,,My length of ten,'' says Dante.

Spear grabs the rope and says, ,,Thanks,'' kneels and wraps rope until fingers fumble rope.

Kirra grabs the rope and wraps... 

Minst puts his rope in pack and puls it tight, says, ,,How will we lift her?''

Spear and Kirra pull, wind and tie rope.

,,Shall Jan be in the portal,'' says William.

,,I know not, but feel it best not be,'' says Dante.

,No,'' says Minst.

Dante nods and folds the Portal.

Kirra ties as other's watch.

William watches the the foldeed portal be stuffed in an inside pocket of Dante's padding and Stairs.

,,William,'' says Spear. He holds forth a rope. ''You need to hold and climb.''

William nods and looks at the portal fold.

Dante pulls portal fold from hide and tosses it to William.

William catch the portal, looks at it.

,,William,'' says Kirra.

William stuffs the portal fold in hide pocket and ties the pocket shut and sheaths swords and fassen scabbard to belt the grabs the other rope held by Spear, ,,How will we climb?''

Dante, William, Myst, Minst, Spear and Guide watch Kirra tie the rope around wrists then waist.

Rats and mice scamper pasts. Cool wind freezes Kirra's fingers as she knots the rope.

Spear says with back turned to Guide. ,,Guide, you lead the guide.'' Spear kneels by Kirra. ''I will climb last and lift Jan.''

Kirra shrugs shoulders and jerks head back. Her hand shake and tie. Eyes dart over body.

Guide stands and stares.

,,GUIDE. LEAD,'' hollers Spear.

Guide steps and beings to climb scaring a pack of mice twitching noses near the rock face

The pack of rats run oover the cold stone away from the fissure pulls a string of of force.

The force stretches and snaps seeping bits of energy from Jan. 

Jan's heart slows and breath is faint.

Kirra lifts Jan to a sitting position.

,,I will,'' Spear grabs Jan waists, lifts Jan and tosses her feet over head looping tied arms around neck. He stands with a stumble. ''Climb. I follow.'' He stand, grunts.

Williams step to the rock walk stumping over the broken rock stairs.

,,Guide, Kirra, Myst, Minst then William,'' says Spear. He walks slow and steady toward the wall. His feel pulse with pain with each step. Tips of claws poke through  boot toe. He bends and glances back. ''Dante, how good a climber.''

Dante steps from a stand lifting breast and shoulder. ,,I was born near the mountains beyond the valley and had mountaineer training through my-''

,,Climb,'' says Spear as he swipes claw ling the laces of boot and at hips and chest of hide cover. He kicks off shoes and flexes.

Guide steps to the walk and climbs, looks back with each grip of hole. Kirra follows the lead then Myst, Minst then William then Dante.

With a grunt and pull, Spear follows.

Up, down and side to side the group climbs near and far from the fissure. 

Cold spreads through finger to hands.

Guide leads them hole by hole, foot and hand to the ceiling near the edge of the fissure. 

Jan feels the snapping and pulling of force from rats and mice. Her energy  pulls and pushes with each snap.

She feels cold snow and claws scrapping ice. She smells feces. She feels the itch of hair nests. She hears hundreds of squeaks from hundreds of ears.

Jan doesn't feel the pull Spear as he flows Dante up the rough shafted carved into the cold rocks.

A cold wind blows over the bodies, over the rock, over the ice spread over hand and foot holds.

The thin cut of light expands as they climb higher.

Williams slips, catches. Dante holds his ankles.

William nods and climbs and climbs and climbs as snow mist sprays over bodies.

Guide guides them to the day. One by one each climb from the fissure to a narrow canyon base.

Spear climbs to the edge.

Dante and william pulls Jan to the exit of the fissure. 

Jan feels fifty-five then ten, the twelves, then two, then one streams of force snap and slap against Jan as she lays with heart slow and breath shallow.









