,,Guide needs to leave the pack for the security of our question to continue to be safe,'' says William. He raises his guantlet covered hand to block the rays of dawn sun light.

Spear squints and walks with William. His slumps shoulders and stretched arms with a snout like a rat slowly shape to a human frame. The armor over body slowl shifts as he steps soft and quick over the land. Spear peers at Guide.

Guide walks along the road's eedge and the carvan past the last wagon. 

The wagons roll along the road. 

The swamp city spans from road. Rope and wood bridge span from gates and doors afixed to the side of the road and stilts. Rooms, platormes and buildings span thorugh the thick branche and thick trucks. The roof tops of buildings rise for the flat tree tops. 

Baots and platform float on a water top below the road.

A light white fog rolls over the roard from the swamp groud a long drop below to a lake of water resting far below the water mark etched around tree trunks and the road. Smoke smell hovers through the fog passing smells of cooked meat, fat and swamp weed. The fog flows between goblin kin and shanty structures along the wide road side.

Small shakes and tables made of rope, wood, hide and dried weeds cover the ediges of the road. Hugoblins and hobgobins sit in chairs, the ground, in the darkness of shanty homes. Smashed huts and broke table create impressions of entgoblin feet. Goblins run to the ends of chains toward the wagons and toward Spear and William and between the pair and the pack.

The pack spread over the long wagon train rolling to the Rise and the dawn.

William and Spear follow a arrow shot from the rear of the caravan. 

,,Blue,'' says Spear.

William exhales near a sigh, ,,Blue.'' William glances at Spear. ''I trust what ever feeling and force that bind his will to yours, but walking with one of Blue give me more fright and worry than walk amongst these goblins.'' 

Spear chuckles. ,,You walk among an enemy.'' He glances along the road side at a few soldiers standing near walkway the peer over at Wiliam and Spear. ''You command them to help them live.'' He looks at William grins. ''You are quiet a goblins commander.''

William clenches jaw. He exhales through nose. ,,I command to help the innocent. Blue is not innocent. Blue is for Blue and power, control. He does not have honor. And one who follows another without honor can not be of honor.'' He stops talking and pauses. ''it don't trust Blue. I don't trush Blue's connection with Guide.''

,,Blue seeks what the goblins seek. Blue seeks what you seek,'' says Spear.

William looks at Spear. ,,And what do I think, my friend?''

,,Think.'' William squints to the sun. ''I am trying not to think. Thought has brough only doubt and fear as I walk amongst the enemy that may be no enemy only another soldier for a war that is against my kind.'' He lets the sun burn water eyes as he stares. ''With Guile gone it will be one less concern I have. His departure will give Blue one less conduit for its deeds.''

A pack of goblins runs around Spear and William. A hobgoblins farmer shouts and clicks. The gobins pack run along the road side to the hogbolins farmer.

Spear and William walk and walk and the William begins again the talk.

,,I also fear for Dante and the People of Lyno.'' Willam grips gauntlet fist. ''There will be slaughter coming for all.'' 

Spear nods. ,,Yes. I war is spreading to the edges of this valley, but will knowing help?''

,,Knowing always helps,'' say William. ''They must be warned, so they best route. Then deserve to know as being-''

,,Human,'' says Spear. ''By being human.''

,,yes,'' says William. ''I want to save the humans from these, these...''

,,People,'' says Spear. 

,,Yes, my friend. People. People who have a desire to conquer. These goblins are not different.'' Spear stares away a hugoblins soldiers standing near a walkway door.

William looks into the sun and not Myst. ,,I feel your wisdom to be true.'' He steps a could of steps before continuing. ''Blue is not human. Blue is not of the pack. Blue may be with us.''

,,Flare,'' says Spear. ''Do you fear Flare and Blue?''

,,I fear the two in our pack for one is a outsider while two is an inside team,'' says William.

Spear shurgs shoulders and nods back. ,,I do feel thinks between Guide and Flare. I do not know these feelings. They are. They are trusting.''

,,Trust.'' He puts hand on hilt of sword. ''I trust you. I do not trust the power of Blue.''

Spear peers through the sun at Guide who walk behind the last wagon of the carvan.

Before Spear can shout to call Guide to him, Guide stops step and pivots to face Spear. He stands and watches Spear and William approach.

Guide stands and stares.

,,I will speak with Guide,'' says Spear.

William walks with the caravan as Spear stops an stand with Guide.

,,Shaman,'' sees Guide. ''I have a vision of now. I see Blue.''

,,Yes.'' Spear peers around the farmers and children. ''War is here. Blue may live. Blue may die.'' 

,,People will die,'' says Guide. ''I see from you your desire Shaman.''

Spear stands and stares at Guide. 

They stand quiet until Spear says, ,,If you know, then may the sun lead to Dante. Dante and Blue can save the people. The people will save Blue.''

Guide nods. He steps. He walks toward the Rise then runs.

Spear watches feeling a span of energy spread then feel to snap between Guide and his body.

Guide says, ,,I will return.''





