
,,Hold," says Kirra.

Two more hobgoblins walk from the darkness to the light. Then three and four. Each dressed in armor brestplates, arm and leg plates and chainmail of bronze and steel. Shields are gripped and swords unsheathed. The rust free surfaces are dented but whole.

Minst waves hands in circle. 

Two hobgoblins holding bow and arrow step out of tunnel. 

,,Ready," says Kirra as she pulls back bow string. Then releases.

Her arrow flies true through the cavern far on the other side sinking into the head of a gobling weilding bow.

Carlos spins an heel and lets a dart fly.

The dart flies fast and straight never lowering in speed or height thought the tunnel and over it's surface into the eye of a hoblin holding a bow. The dart sinks into the eye socket then dispears into Carlos hand.

The arrow and dart is followed by a fireball clapped from Minst hands. It's fire tail licks over the surface singeing the wet surface leaving a thin steam in its wake

The lead hobgoblin wear William's armor dives to the ground with two goblins behind. The fire ball slams into two hobgoblins to the ground. 

Hobgoblins screams echo then fade go grunts and growns to distant to hear over the clank and clink of armor standing and rolling from the group. They crawl and run right and left and forward.

Kirra shoot another arrow missing a hobgoblin diving behind rock. 

Carlos spins and tosses a dart far across the huge tunnel into the shoulder of the hobgoblin marked with Kirra's arrow in chest. The dart disppears and appears in Carlos's hand.

Twelve hobgoblins spead wide across tunnel. They duck behind rocks and bolders. One hobgoblins with bow runs from a rock to a bolder lowering to scoop and swoop the quivers and bows from the two motionless hobgolins laying at the large tunnels far entrance. 

Kirra fires two arrows at the hobgoblins. One arrow flies into the darkness. One arrow ricocettes off armor stapping shaft.

,,How many arrows?" says Spear. 

Kirra loads another arrow. ,,Ten."

Carlos nods. ,,They won't see from the light and into the darkness." He walk deeper into the darkness. "Now what, William."

William lifts sword. ,,We meet them on the field of battle.

The hobgoblins wearing William's armor shouts from behind a bolder.

,,He's telling goblins to fire arrows." Jan closes eyes. "They have something that shoots or moves something." 

Spear grabs William. ,,Clear." 

Jan recess into the darkness to the pool of darkness, Kirra backsteps keeping aim and focus upon the tunnel the hobgoblins.

Minst looks at Kirra and Jan and Spear and William.

Myst follow Spear and Willaim

Carlos remins by Minst.

Two hoblgoblins stand. One steps from behind bolder. Both release sting of bow. Arrows fly at Minst and Carlos.

Carlos pulls Minst down. 

Kirra release bow sting letting an arrow piece the space and his shoulder armor of a bow weilding hobgoblin.

Two arrows fly above Corlos. 

The hobgolin wearing William's armor rools from behind a rock, stands, and points a gauntlent covered fist.

A large fist flies forth and grows. The fist opens to a palm. 

Kirra shoots at the palm flying to area near Carlos and minst.

The arrow flies though the hand and at the hobgoblin wearing armor, who raises a william's shield to deflect the arrow.

The flying hand flies at an arch into the darkness at Kirra. 

Kirra says, ,,JAN." Then falls back letting the swoping hand fly over head.

Jan turns and ducks. 

The flying hand hand hits her back. The it clenches to a fist grabbing only air.

The other hobgobins run and crawl from rock to boulder closing the space.

The goblin wearing the gauntlet closes fist. The big palm over Jan closes fist.

Jan rolls on the ground as the fists slams and crush scales, rock and bone.

Kirra shoots an arrow. Carlos spins and throws a dart.

The arrow flies by the head of the hobgoblin wearing William's armor. The dart sinks into the shoulder of the hobgoblin before it dissappears and appears in Carlos's had. 

Carlos pushes Minst to the ground and crouches and runs away.

Two hobgoblins run from rock and fire a volley off arrows over Minst and behind Carlos.

,,It's the leader," says William. "Wearing my armor." He steps to the light. 

Spear grabs his shoulder. ,,Wait."

The big hand around Jan shrinks and shoots back to the gauntlet on the leader.

Spear raises sword. ,,Leader because of the guantlet."

Carlos stops and pulls out warhammer. And runs to Minst  and graps Minst pulling him deeper to the darkness.

Minst crawls then walks then strides with Carlos to the Acid pool deeper into the darkness.

Jan says, ,,Shrink the light." 

The leader hobgoblins pulls our word and raises it and points and runs to the darkness. 

All the other hobgoblins run to the shadows filling the tunnel the carvern and the darkness with screams and shouts and growls.

Spear jerks and William's quick grab latches shoulder. ,,Wait."

Kirra pulls and shoots one, two, three arrows. 

One, two three arrows 

One goblins wearing leather studded with bronze stumbles to the ground snapping the arrow in arm and neck and leg. Its shiny short swords tumbles and wedge betwee rocks.

Carlos slaps soft Minst's hip with head of warhammer then point the head of war hammer at the pool of acid. He hollers above the hobgoblin raor. ,,WHEN THEY CHARGE , USE THEIR MOMENTUM AND GUIDE THEM TO ACID." 
 
Minst pulls out knife. 

Jan kneels to the ground and presses palms to ground. She looks at the ground and spits upon then rubs the spit over the surface of mud and rock.

,They are many. They are coming. Hear me now. Then I will try to strike true and speak and show...Yes." Myst steps back from Spear and William. Her arms rise. Her cloak parts The star hanging around neck sways and settles. "You are the top of my bottom. You hold my mind and body. You..." She points at the area of the hobgoblins.

The hobgoblins run around and over rock. Feet kick up mud, bones dust and scale bits. Theird shield are raise before chest and face. Their swords raised and arched back. The hobgoblin leader spans the distant between himself and is near the shades.

William runs into the light longs word held low.

Spear follows running with chest low and eyes peering beyond the hobgobin leader to the center of the advancing hobgoblin line.

Three arrows are shot from Kirra's bow. Three arrows slam the hobgoblin leader's shield.

Kirra looks back and tooses bow end over end toward Jan, Minst and Carlos. and with the same motion spins and pulls sword from sheath to face the coming hobgoblins.

The line of hobogoblins stride over ground and leap over rocks and piles of bones between them and the darkness. The run in a left to right  row  of packed  groups of three, two, two and four. Sword and shields hold stead and ready for strike. Their yellow eyes gleam from chainmail coifs, winged battle helmets, Spangenhelm helments, and leather studded caps wrapped around heads and mouths.

,,The goblins are near. We need to hold." Myst peers through the darkness at the eyes of each hobgoblin. Her eyes flicker. 

Three hobgoblins wearing chain mail coifs, running by and in stride, hold form and fall. Swords and shields clatter and scatter before two stumbing hobgoblins unable to mover their bodies. Their lips hold leaving on a tone less scream to escape.

William runs and swing sword at the leader hobgoblin. 

The leader blocks the swing with sword and hits William with medium shield pushing William past.

Willaim follows his wide swing swords and stumbles and regains footing. 

The leader looks and runs past raising sword to meet kirra's blade.

Spear hollars a battle cry above that of the hobgoblins. He  raises bastard swords with two hand and brings blade downs while leaping at two hobgoblins. His sword smash a shield knocking it loose. His body slams the chest of another hobgoblin. Spear and the hobgoblin falls to a ground in clutter of metal scraps and battle cries.

One hobgoblins leaps at William. 

William stumbles and steps out of its path.

Then another hobgoblin swings sword cutting Willimas forearm.

Four hobgoblins rub by William, their leader, Kirra and into the darkness.

,,A fire ball might be helpful," says Carlos stepping then jogging away from Minst.

Minst shaking hands stead and open a small pouch, squeezes the pouches wet guano on hands. The hand stead as they rub palm and with each stritch sound and cant uttered by Minst. Minst claps hands.

A ball of fire bursts and hurls past Carlos singeing hairs on arms and flies and hits the shoulder of one of four goblins nearing Carlos. 

The fire hit goblins screams and stumbles running blind with a peircing cry past Carlos.

Carlos ducks a while sword swing and slams hammer head int the side of one goblin then spins low with leg extending tripping another goblins.

Two goblins run by Carlos and at Minst. One covering eyes and smoking from fireball. The other holding shield wids and sword near. Minst steps away from the blind running hobgoblin and pushes its back.

With a splash then thrashing and screams coming from the depths of Hades, the blinded hobgoblin falls inot the pool of acid.

The other hogoblin swings sword missing Minst head then leaps and grapples Minst landing on top of Minst near the pool of acid. 

Jan sit on the floor near the wreslting Minst and hobgoblin. Her palm lay flat spin spit in concentric circles. Her eyes peer at Kirra.

Kirra swing shortsword then stabs knife. The sword swings wide. The knife bounces off the armor of the leader. She leans back and away from the tip of the hobgoblin's sword.

The leader swing shield into her shoulder then reach with gauntlet hidden by shield grabbin her shoulder. She pulls away. 

William turns from two goblins and swings word at the leader dragging sword across armor and between a gap. He turns back and parries a swing from another hobgobin and deflects another swing from the other hobgoblin.

The leader hogblins scretches from pain. It pushes Kirra back and swing blade in an arche at William.

Williams free hand is clipped with blade tips as he jumps back from the hobgoblins.

Spear wrestle around a hobgoblins rolls onto its back, grabs neck with arm, squeezes and rolls hobgoblin  on top. 

The other hobgoblin holds swords swing as Spear rolls from top to bottom. 

The shining silver sword slices Spear's shoulders. Silver sword cuts into hobgoblins grapples on top of Spear. 

Hobgoblin on to of Spear shorts and writhes and busts loose from Spears hold and kicks the hobgoblin holding swinging sword. It lifts, kneels, leaps at other hobgoblin. 

,,Chaotic," sings Carlos pointing to the hobgoblins fight hobgoblin while dancing from a sword swipe from one hobgoblins. He dances with a step and a shake away from another goblin's swords swings and follows step with a spin and a swing of war hammer onto the side of a winged battle helmet.

The wing of battle helmet flies into pool of acid.

Head hobgoblin leads the body of hobgoblin stumbling left.

Carlos leaps, spins, swings dagger from sash to shoulder of other hobgoblins.

The hobgoblin drops the sword and roars with a scream.

Carlos dance left to Minst.

Minst holds wrist of hobgoblins.

Hobgoblin spreads arms, lowers head and slams head, covered in chainmail coif, on to the bridge of nose of Minst then slams forehead onto Minst's cheek.

Minst holler and pushes and rolls pushing hobgobins to ground then rolling away and stopping next to Jan.

The ground beneath Minst spreads. 

Jan raises palms from ground, grabs Minst's shoulder, says, ,,Stand," and stands with Minst and walks way from the pool of acid.

The soft ground spreads in  a circle from behind Jan's walk.

Myst pulls mace from belt and runs from darkness to light at the hobgoblins around William and near Kirra.

Kirra swings swords left to right and slashes blade up to down. The hobgoblin deflects swords with gauntlet. Dagger nips skin between gantlet and bracer. Kirra leans back head.

The hobgoblin's steel gauntlet skips against Kirra's cheek bone then ear. He grabs braids of hair, swings sword down upon neck.

Will hits a hobgolin with sword cutting its arm. He hears Kirra's growl, sees gaunlet grabbing hair and sword rising, slams shoulder into back of lead hobgoblin.

The two goblins on William rush toward William and their stumbling leader. They jump on William. Both leap at William's chest. One hits William in the back. The other hits the hobgoblin and William pushing all four to the ground.

Spear stands, grabs swords, looks around, sees William hit the leader of the hobgoblins and see Myst nearing the group. He lifts swords and swoops sword with a horizontal arch and a barbarian scream at the necks of the two grappling hobgoblins. The sword slices through the neck of one and near the neck of another. A head falls to ground.

Carlos steps from the spreading mud and ducks a while screaming stab of dagger from the wild and screaming hobgoblin holding shoulder covered with blood. His hammer slams the back of the bleed hobgoblin.

The hobgoblin falls with a splat to the mud ground.

Three hobgoblins held still on the cavern floor twitch fingers and toes.

Myst swings mace slamming mace top into bucket helmet of kneeling hobgoblins standing by William.

The hit hobgoblins falls by William

William reaches for a dagger, grabs dagger, sees sword behind Kirra, sees the leader wearing his armor, stabs dagger at neck of leader.

Leader grabs dagger. 

Hobgoblin behind William kneels and leaps on Kirra.

Kirra and the hobgoblin grapple. Hobgoblins holds kirra's wrist of hand holding dagger. Kirra holds fist of hobgoblins. 

Kirra's right side of face is swollen.

Kirra sees hobgoblins laying still on ground and twitch fingers.

Spear runs to three hobgoblins on ground twitching fingers and toes. He swings a wide vertical swing cutting a hobgoblin head from neck.

Goblin hit on the side of the head by Carlos stumbles, steps and wobbles and falls to ground. 

Jan and Minst and Carlos step fast from spreading mud mass. 

The mud mass spreads around rim of the pool of acid. 

Hobgoblins stuck in mud begin to scream as acid mud stings and burn of arms and legs.

Acid mud spread and burns hobgobin kneeling on hands and kneels shaking head clear of the war hammer hit of Carlos to its head. 

A duet of shout and screams and cries castes fear from the shadows to the light.

William holds hand against the twisting of his wrist by the hobgoblins leader. William pulls on gauntlet strap pullling back the hand of the goblins leader.

Kirra releases the hobgoblins fist hand, pulls back, crouches, and rolls on back, place foot on chest, pulls and kicks the hobgoblin away. 

The hobgoblins goes up then down on back. Kirra rolls on top of hobgoblins and stabs it in neck.

Myst hits head of hobgoblins kneeling on ground with head down wobbling. 

Two hobgoblins behind Msyt once held by Mysts spell crawel and begin to stand.

Spear swings at one of the hobgoblins. The hobgoblins throws up a small shield deflected Spear's sword swing wide. 

The hobgoblins deflecting the sword swipe follows momentum of shield with swords. 

Spears thows forearm in sword's path to his back. The sword hits thick leather bracers. The sword slices and slits forearm. 

Buckey galops from the darkness, covered in cuts, screams and shouts come from shadows. He lets loose a loud whinney rearing fore legs and slamming hoofs into chest of hobgoblin with sword stuck in Spear's leather bracer.

Carlos throws two darts. 

Two darts stick in legs of hobgoblins swinging sword and cutting Buckey's rump.

A whinney fills the cavern. William feels a flow of power from ears to body. He pushes arms hilt of dagger pushing the tip of dagger closer to the neck of leader. William sees Kirra stab another goblins then leap to feet toward he and the leader of the hobgoblins. He shakes head and says with a shaking lip, ,,NO."

Kirra nods, looks around and sees Jan, Carlos and Minst stepping from the shadows.

The mud of acid stops spreading. 

The hobgoblin stumbling back from the kick of Buckey finds balance, turns and runs into the tunnel. 

The hobgoblins leader pushes William from on top to the side and rolls on top of William. The leader pushes and pulls gauntlet hand free and slams gauntlet fist into the face of William. It grabs the dagger loose in William's hand.

A hoove hit the leader hobgoblins head. The dagger in hand falls to grond near the leader's head in helmet.

Buckey whinney's and snorts clopping hoves to ground.

William grabs the dagger, stabs at the hobgoblin leader.

The leader crosses arms stopping the dagger stab and holding william and dagger above. 

A loud rush of noise pushes from the tunnels through the darkness. Dust pushes from the darkness bring the noise deeper.

,,THE HORDE," hollars Carlos above raor of hobgoblins and goblins.

Hobgoblins and goblins jostle in mass from the darkness toward the compainions.

,,WHAT NOW!" says Minst.

Carlos tosses three daggers. 

Three daggers stick into the neck of the hobgoboins leader.

William presses dagger into the mouth of the hobgoblin leader. He leaps up from the ground, ,,HE WAS MINE!"

Carlos points behind him.

William turns to the see the goblin horde mass and noise rushing through tunnel.

The horde stops half way into the light stumpling and rolling and stepping on the other overcome with momentum.

The roar of the horde silence to a few shouts and howls. Those fallen stand. Some goblins step backe and push back into the horde's mass.

Minst, Carlos, Kirra, Jan, Spear, Myst, William and Buckey look at the horde.

A dragons's roar fills the Dragon's Lair.







