White glows glow the night and the white covering the marsh plants, trees, mud.

The sight of Jan, Kirra, Minst, Spear and Guide see not the white of the light, but either shades of gray; patterns of heat.       

All see shapes run from the trees of humion beings run between the trees over the cold muck in all spectrums of sight.

The click and clacks of goblin talk silence through the snap and crack of branches. Then the scratch and scrape of armor sets notes for soldiers to play notes in the battle song.

The shadows and sihlouettes appear from Rise then Wax and Wane. 

Short hopping and clawing goblins run hunched and running over the muck. Their bodies half height of Shake, tumble, jump, leaps, stide, tumble from the dark. A scretch and snort chorus spreads.

Kirra notches arrows, pulls string, fires arrows. One, two, three, four arrows find bodies of goblins.

As the arrows fire, Myst pulls mace from belt and hold hand over the Star of Reighn. Guide hold still letting goblins tumble past then grabbles a hobgoblin following from the night. To the right of Guide, a flash and dash of Spear passes with hammer and raor. The roar of Spear sends a surge of strenght through Kicker who whinnies and clomps to aim rear legs toward the rushing goblins.

The goblins rush. Darts hit and bounce from armor. 

Goblins dresses in pants, hide coats, shirts, studded leather armor light torches. 

Flames erupts around. Light dots the night.

William slices tip of long sword from chest to stomach then spins with swords. Swords slices head of goblin from shoulders. Then he leads with guauntlet fist that pounds and smashes face of a hobgoblin the size of Shake. His foot steps near a mound of snow.

The mound of snow hides Guile. Guile peer through a hole through the snow pile and watches the goblins run. He grips is dagger letting his heart beat and pound as he lays in watch.

Jan shoots a shot of energy through her body, her staff into the ground. The energy spreads, and Jan feels roots and weeds wrap and pulls and tangle around leggs and feet. She feels points of pain like hair being pulled out of skin.

Goblins fall and hobgoblins trip through the dark.

A hobgoblin before Minst falls to the ground. Vines warp around its body and pull it into the muck.

Minist steps away and stumbles. He drops a component, bends to get the component.

Dart fly over Minst.

Minst grabs grabs a row of component, smashes and spreads hands wide and up then in circles. 
`
Through the trees following the circles created by Minst's palms, webs spread and tangle goblins and hobgoblins. Fames balls puff and smoke around torches.  Spear and Guide feel the webs wrap and stick before they turn to dust as they touch. Webs spread around the mound.

Shake pulls back from flames. He feels the poke of a dart in shoulder then he cuts the throat of a hobgobins.

Darts bounce off Spear, William, Minst, Kirra. Darts stick into Jan, Guide, Kicker and Shake.

Goblins and hobgoblins close around the mound with while running and shouting. They pull on roots and grass. The burn and pull a part webs.

Stuck in webs, Kirra shoots arrowos hitting heads and necks. She pulls out knife as she glances and Jan.

Jan sits. Her eyes press closed and her hand clasped around staff, she sits. 

Around her the ground warms. 

William sees the mound of snow and sees it move then watches kicker kick and pound a hobgoling to ground. 

Kicker whinneis and smashes another hogbolin as a goblin leaps on Kickers back and clash Kicker's back.

Shake pulls out the dark and stabs it into a goblin while rolling to slash and stab and knee of a hobgobling. Then he leaps at Kicker and pushes the golblin from Kicker's back.

Guile hears the fight, but remains still under the blanket of snow and wrapped in his woven body coat. The mound over Guile nearly shivers from cold. His stare sees only shades of gray of William then Minst. 

Minst fummbles a bullet into his sling and begins to twirl and shoot the sling. 

A dart hits his hand. A goblin appears through and from the trees.

Spear runs into the trees. He punch down goblins. He grabs goblin by the head like a ball and tosses them at other goblins. He swings hammer and breaks bones. He feels the kicks and pokes of knifes and swords.

Kirra pulls arrows from bodies of goblins as she runs path to Willliam and Spear. Her quiver fills, and her short swords slashes and killks. She kickes and holt punches goblins down. 

Goblins climb trees and leap...

A goblins lands on Myst. She grunts, falls and rolls. She feels the stick of a dagger in shoulder then she grabs and tosses a goblins to the ground. Her mace falls into the snow. 

William sees Myst fall and parries the rusted blade swung by one hobgoblin.

Then parries the strike of halbert by another. 

One, two, three, four more goblins lurk and leap from trees and darkness.

Pings of cold shatter as Spear head butts and hobgoblin. His head feels like shattering ice. His body doesn't stop a grable of a hobgoblin with a break of its back. Spear roars. 

The roars spreads.

Kicker whinnies with Spear's roar and dances a circle with kicks. 

Ash spredsa as Kicker stomps the fire pit. 

A deep gong is heard as Kicker kicks the pot. 

Water swishes, spread and spills. Water washes over Guile.

Guile bursts from snow then slips and falls into the spreading water.

Then as quick as it began, the goblins run, crawl and turn into the forest to the Rise.

Minst staps fingers. 

The webs through trees turn to dust.

Spear, William, Kirra run after a group of hogoblins. William follows Spear and Kirra. Spear and Kirra follow their night sight through the trees and march.

A few goblins raise claw to swip, but are crushed to the ground.

Shake pulls Guile from the ground and pushes him at Kicker. ,,RIDE. NOW!'' Then takes his back and runs after Spear, Willam and Kirra.

Minst, Myst and Jan start a jog then follow letting Guide, Kicker and Guile to follow.

Through the snow and trees, they run.

Then Kirra slows and stops. 

Spear feels a sense itching around body like body to scratch to pieces.

Shake speeds and says words that scratch Spear's itch. ,,You feel something?''

Spear runs and peers around. Through his gray shade mostly white he sees dark shapes of goblins and hobgoblins standing in the mud and mire. 

Feet break through

William runs. ,,A trap,'' says William.

Kirra runs and says, ,,Yes.'' 

,,Do we continue?'' says Minst between breaths.

,,Yes,'' says Kirra as pulls arrow from the eye of goblin and runs.

,,Why?'' breathes Minst.

,,The goblins surround,'' says Spear.

William runs, says, ,,The people edge of marsh were goblins.''

,,Why?'' breathes Minst.

,,They're not fighters,'' says Shake. He smiles with ease as he runs the buzz slow. ''There actors!'' his voice carry beyond the back.

A click clinks behind.

,,Spies,'' says Minst.

,,Scouts,'' Kirra peers and sees...

The body heat of goblins beings clow red from core then fade to purlpe around the edges of a black. Deep blue trees pass with dark blues specks through blue hue from mire. 

''Assasins.''

,,What do we do?'' beathes Minst.

,,Minst,'' says Myst. Myst steps hearing notes through the forest begin to play to the location where a goblin runs. 

,,Keep moving,'' says William. ''Keep moving until we've killed them all.''

,,But, what about Wax or Set.'' Minst looks a head seeing goblins and hobgoblins run through forest. ''All. ...All those people can't be goblins.'' He breathes. '' Why didn't Spear see them?''

,,Can we even win?''

,,Minst,'' says Myst. ''We're going Rise.'' A song of breaths and soft mummbling clicks begins to make a dimensional sonic map in her mind.

Myst steps sure step she does find like running blind along the shear edge of a mountain trail.

A silent cone creates a tree. 

Then Myst's sees with sound and runs with the song of Reighn.

A thunk strikes an not in Myst's Song of Reighn and into the back of a hobgoblin.

Kirra fires her bow. A hobgoblin falls. They run. Spear slices head. Kirra grabs the arrow. 

Kirra fires arrow.

Arrow kills gobins. 

Kirra runs and grabs the arrow.

The pack runs.

Kicker gallops. The saddle bags on side hold like skin to Kicker's rump.

Guile lays on back of Kicker and bouces with gallop through slop.

Soft and hard ground squishes and kicks. The snow gives traction a slip. 

Snow falls.

The goblins shades and heat reflections and sonic images run RiseWax and RiseWane.

Goblins before run Rise.

The pack runs rise and nears the Goblins.

The goblins and hobgoblins stops and draw swords.

Kirra fires arrow hitting a goblins and in one fluid motion buts bow over back, unsheathes short swords and parries two handed long sword swing from a big hobgoblin. It says, ,,Actors.'' And stabs an knife and catching Kirra in an instant of suspension of disbelief.

The knife poke and tears leather and cuts side for a metal stud and leather turned stab aside.

Kirra usues the moment of the large hobgoblin it get knife under it's chin and stab knife under chin into head of speaking, large hobgoblin.

Kicker slams body into hobgoblin and stomps a goblins.

Guile grips onto Buckey as Kicker raises for a kick.

As Kicker kicks a goblins.

Clicks and clack clack and click.

Wooden clubs ignite a flame and swing clubs at kickers legs.

Seven hobgolins with flaming wooden clubs stop and swing at Spear, William, Kirra, Minst, Buckey. The hobgoblins whear hid pants and coats. They wear boots and gloves. The gloves with holes show pointed finger tips.

Three goblins jump at Shake. 

Shake flows with the buzz and cuts all three. One goblins scrabs Shakes hand. Blood spreads from the goblins scratches.

Another hobgoblin in the dark says, ,,Fire,'' with the poetry of common surface talker. 

A flame pops on the top of a wooden club. The fire swings and slams Myst in the chest.

Myst falls into the snow. 

William shouts, ,,NO!'' and cuts head of one hobgoblin of the seven then steps, jumps and punching the hobgoblin over Myst. 

Its jaw breaks. Another goblins hits club upon the back of William.

Spear pounds hammer head into its skull. 

William lurches forward, tackles athe hobgoblin with brokend jaw and breaks its neak as they fall near the feet of Kicker.

Kicker dances around and away from William and Myst.

Guile bounces and balances and peer and stares. He watches. He sees the movement and the yellow eyes. He hears the clicks and clacks with the motiono of lips and longues. He sends a shout to the mind of a hobgoblin.

Spear and Jan swing and hit. Kirra slashes and stabs and spins.

Seven hobgoblins fall dead. A hand and an arm lay spreading blood over the ground.

Guile feels a shout return from the hobgoblin as Kicker settles. Guile feels confusion, rage, pain, hope, fear, worry as the goblins dies. The sounds of cick and clacs and the voice of the goblin speaking surface talk fade from Guile's mind.

The hobgobins die.

William kneels near Myst.

Myst feels no pain no heat. Her hair is singed. ,,Reighn has protected.''

,,Cut by ear, William. Small finger long.''

William touchs back of head, feels blood. ,,A flesh wound.''

Shake runs after two goblins running through forest. His sped body catches and stabs both. And runs back. He begins to search the pockets adn packs of the hobgoblins.

Kirra kneels and searches two packs.

The flames on the end of the torches smuther. Smoke rises.

Night spreads.

Kicker blusters.

Spear stands and stares through the night seeing only trees and snow.

The snow falls.

Jan's feet leave no foot prints as she pulls a knife from the body of her robe that spreads and reveals her dagger. She walks from hobgoblin and goblins, covers their mouths and stabs their throat until dead.

Kirra looks at Jan.

Shake stands and peers through the night shuffling through pack. 

A stench of rot and sweat and alcohol fume forth.

Shake mumbles off, ,,Rotten sinky slimy rot. A shirt. Hide. A bundle of twig. Two daggers. Gloves. Paper,'' says Shake.

Kirra finds paper, food, worn cloth. She holds up a small pack the tinkles. Inside the pouch, a set of bones falls onto her palm.

Shake stand. ,,Bone. Goblin rolls the bones.''

Kirra stands and throws the dice to the ground. ,,We go.''

Shake picks them up and puts them in a pocket under his breast.

,,Noise, fire,'' say Spear.

,,We go.''

The run and run and run...

The trees span. The ground runs from soft and squishy with a ice crust becomes har and packed. The lolly topped tree tops held up by skinny trunks 

Myst sees through a sonic map...

The snow fall stops.

A breeze blows. Stinking bits of snow sting face and hands. The sweat on noses and brows freeze. 

They run into a clearing of plains and no trees. Snow spreads and sprans line a town wide plain between trees.

Dancing lights can be see Wax and Wane. The lights yellow like firelight. The lights dance Rise over the planes.

Torch lights ignite before their path. Thirteen mall torch lighs are seen.

,,Where?'' says William.

,,Rise,'' breathes Spear. He says between breathes. ''Before known.''

,,Forward,'' says Kirra. Kirra pulls bows. loads arrow, riases arrow tip, fires.

Arrow files.

They run.

One of thirteen torches. The torches scatter then flicker to darkness.

They run the plains. Their breaths and foot steps give sounds. 

The song only interupted, but a heaving talk of Myst. ,,Rest...Need rest.''

,,After the plain,'' says William.

,,The map,'' says Shake.

They run.

They see for those who see through the dark. Myst through her sonic song. Kirra, Jan, Guile, Spear, Guide and Kicker see and lead William and Shake.

The shadows of trees approach and looms as tall as a hill. 

Goblins and hobgoblins stand and crouch near the tree line edge. The heat from a campfire is seen by a few.

A roar and a shout of, ,,DIE!'' Then the holler of all the goblins as they rush.

The pack and the goblins clash at the edge of plains.

Swords, shields and bodies clash. Swords slash and cut arms, heads, fingers ears of goblins. Minst and Guile find themselves at the edge of battle until Kicker joins the fight. Guile holds on tight and seeps into the mind of a hobgoblin.

Blood soaks into snow. Dead goblins lay over the ground.

Sun light is seen as the last hobgblins falls dead. A lighter hue of blue spans from the horizon through the top of the trees. The pack gathers at the plain's edge. William is cut across the cheek. Shake is punch and beat leaving a bruise on cheek. Kirra breaks a finger. Jan is bit by a goblin. Minst rib is bruised and sore when inhaling the cold.

,,Rest,'' beathes Minst. He bends over and coughs. The cold burns his lungs.

,,Quiet,'' whispers William with a snap. 

,,Quiet,'' says Myst. ''Quiet.'' She points to her head. ''You're louder than the song of Reighn in my mind and its a symphony of sound guiding me through the night.

Spear and Kirra and Guide look through the trees and over the planes. 

Guile listens and hears the surface thoguhts of the dying goblins. A mix of goblin clicks, clacks and smacks mixed with surface talk spread through and pan from her mind fades. 

William looks at Myst the Minst. He walks to stand by Spear. 

A breeze blows to a wind. 

Dark shadows span across the near dark planes. 

A clear sky of dark blue spreads over the trees and to the Set horizon.

,,Foot trail through snow,'' says Spear. 

,,We need to continue our journey Rise or leave Set and never return,'' says William.

,,No returning Set,'' Kirra kneels and wipes her sword over the back of a gablin's hide shirt. ''Rise. We move. Single file into forest.''

,,Sleep during day,'' says Spear.

Spear and Kirra and William stare Set over the white plains. 

As they stare and talk the few words...
 
Jan searches for a force sum of all plants. She seeks the feeling of a mother and finds a void and falls...

Minst sits in the snow while Guile slips from Kicker. 

Giule opens a saddle bag and takes a food past ball and eats.

Shake loots the goblins finding two packs of bones and a puch full of components, a scroll that he slips up sleeve of Branching Armor, two copper pieces and a book.

,,Minst,'' says Shake. ''Are these a spell book and components?''

All turn and watch Shake walk to Minst.

Shake gives the book and bag to Minst.

,,Spells,'' William glenches fist. ''How can these vile creatures cast spells.''

Minst opens the book then opens the bag. ,,Can I have some light?''

Spear turns away from Minst and looks over the plains.

Dots of light appear over the plains. 

,,We go,'' says Spear. 

Kirra nods.

Minst blows in hands and frozen fingers fumble componet bag and fidget open the top. 

A mix of loose sunflower leaves, coal bit, guano balls, wolf fur, flour ball and small black beads fills the component. 

Minst cups hands over face and opens book.

The book runes scralled over the page of the book look like the runes around William's armor and the guantlet.

Minst bottom jaw chatters. ,,The book runes. Like Williams.''

Shake nods and smiles. And follows the buzz through body to a stand stuffing two copper into a hip pocket in the side of the Branching Armor.

William, Spear, Kirra and Guide stare Set and see a group of morning sihlouttes cross the open plans.

,,Our tracks,'' says Kirra. 

,,Not enough snow to cover,'' says Spear.

William looks at Myst then Minst. ,,Minst,'' says William. He inhale and exhales. ''We need to run more. Ride Kicker if you must and if Kicker will allow. But we need to go into the forest and loose our trail.''

Minst jaw chatters. His body shakes. ,,How?''

,,Can you fly?'' says Shake with a smile.

,,No,'' says Minst.

Myst puts hands on robe pockets while William holds a shiver and clenches his jaw to stop a near chatter of teeth. 

Kirra looks to the ground, walks past Jan, who kneels on the ground, without a pause and finds a three trails of goblins tracks. ,,We follow their trails. Find a animal path and follow it."

,,Won't that lead to more goblins?'' says Minst.

,,Maybe,'' says Kirra. 

,,The map,'' says Shake.

William unfurls the map and hold the map toward Rise. 

Marks like scratches shown acros the the map at different height and differen sizes. At the bottom of the map the words are dim.

,,Marks of goblins?'' says William.

Kirra grabs Jan's shoulder, and Jan shutters.

Jan's being pulls from nothing to a body. Her body slumps and feels a pull to lay and let being seep into the roots and trees to nurture them while dieing during the death season.

,,The map,'' says Kirra.

Jan stands from a kneel and staggers to feel her body. Her robe of algea covers frame like a clove leaving only face to be seen. She looks at map. 

The map has four blocks of words between RiseWax and RiseWane. From RiseWax to RiseWane, Jan call out the words, ,,Road. Grople. Mount. Fort.''

,,Is Grople a proper name?'' says Minst.

,,Road is the road from Lyno,'' says Myst.

,,Mount and fort,,' says Shake. ''I vote we avoid Fort. Proper name or not.''

,,What's Grople?'' says Minst.

William moves map. and finds an angle. ,,A town along the road.''

,,A town to avoid,'' says Spear.

Kirra looks along the plains.

The distant dot sihlouettes are still dots. 

Kirra wallks to the edge of the battle scene. Kirra kneels before trail of tracks leading Set. ,,Mount and Fort,'' says Kirra

,,If fort translate to Fort, we don't want to walk along the trail,'' says Minst.

Spear says, ,,Mount. We take trail.''

,,And if attacked,'' says Minst shivering and rubbing arms. 

Spear looks at Minst and steps after Kirra. ,,We fight.'' 

Shake laughs. ,,Didn't you want to become a fighting wizard.'' He smiles and laughs.

Kirra steps.

Kirra runs and leads and the pack follows leaving the laughter and sihlouettes of being approaching from plains behind. Spear, Jan, Kicker, Guile, Minst, Myst, Guide, Shake and William runs single file along trail. They run the trail through the trees and bare bushes and rocks.

The trail is slush with an ice crusted top that stomped through the snow layers as wide as Kicker's length. The trail heads striaght Set only turning for trees.

The snow around the trail spans over the ground, the brush, the trees.

Only foot prints of boods and goboins feet runfrom the slush trail with a crusted ice top.

The snow spreads far and wide over trees and brush.

The sun rises.

The pack runs.

Shadows shrink and begin to turn.

The trail splits Wax toward road and RiseWane.

William fumbles with map and unrolls it before him.

The map image moves with bounce. The goblin scrawl remains static as if hovering in space. ,,The road and the fort.''

The trails splits and becomes slush.

The slush splash and splates. 

,,The mount,'' says Kirra. Kirra slows and stops at the splits. She points along the sides of the trail. ''No animal trails. Not between the brush.''

The packs splats the slushing path.

Kirra says steady with steady breath. ,,Run to Fort. Fresh travelled. Warm slush. Run to mount before sun zenith.

Shoulders shrug and heads nod back. Chests heaves. Breathes blow and white clouds flow. Sweat beads flow and drip.

Spear looks into the forest and through the shadow and the white. He feels a tension spread through the forest after their wake of running choas. ,,We out ran. But I feel something.'' He looks at Kirra. ''Run Fort then break and run Mount.''

Spear feels the moisture begin to seep. His skin heat and warms the cold. His heart pounds. He sees between beats a shade appear near along the slush trail. The shadow then disappears. ,,Did you see?''

Jan as she stands near Spear open eys and peers along the slush path. She sees nothing, but feels a forces closing. She feels the slush heat and feel to begin to warm feet. ,,No. But I feel something near.''

Myst feels nothing, but the cold and worn song only playing a low string note near bass silence. The cold freezes and stall the song. The chattering of Minst's teeth stike discord. ,,I see nothing,'' Myst says between the talk of Jan and Spear. 

Minst chest heaves, and he breathes and sweats. He slides hands to touch the spine of his spell book. ,,What...What...What about my. My...'' He breathes deep and exhales. ''What about the map I drew from the relief from Coal's place.''

Shake smile, ,,Warm now.''

William looks from the trail toward Fort. ,,Where's the map?''

The slush seeps through Minst's and Guile's boots. 

Minst blows hot breath into hands and grabs spell book.

A click echoes through the forest.

,,Hear that,'' says Spear.

Kirra shrugs shoulders nods back. She steps and runs along the slush path toward Fort on the Map.

Through the shadows they run. 

The shadows hold the cold and freeze the slush splash.

They run...

The sun rises and shines through blues sky.

Shadows extend, shrink turn.

The shiver of cold sweats from pours. 

The path steps a slash bath swaying arournd trees and through brush through a snow covered rush RiseWax.

Clicks and clacks click and clack are heard from long shadows caste over the snow and patches of dirt, dead leaves and dry pine needles. Cones crunch beneath feet.

The clicks and clack strike a song in Myst's mind with her beating heart. As she runs, the song creates a sonic seen in her mind.

Myst closes eyes and sees shapes of trees and brush and moving beings colored sonic pulses.

Kirra peers along path and deep into trees to sees...

Steps appear in snow new. Branches sways. Brushes shake and spread snow.

The whiz of darts shoots past heads and pokes Guide's face and Kicker's rump.

All glance behind to the sides.

Spear is the only that sees...

Goblins and hobgoblins appear from the shadows and sunlight. Set, Wane and Wax goblins are seen. 

,,RUN!'' hollers. ''GOBLINS.'' His heart beats and legs pound ground to pass Kirra and launch body at a trail of prints.

Spear slams an invisible force.

The invisible force appears a a large hobgoblin.

The pack scatters from their file and follow Kirra.

The hard smooth ground becomes bumpy with rocks. Large rocks poke through the snow top.

Large rocks and blouders rest through the trees and rise from the ground and lead to a mound of rock hills the slopes.

Rocks slide under their feet.

Clicks and clacks and shouts of ,,STOP!'' holler through the forest.

,,MINST,'' says William loud between a steady breath. He says between breates. ,,Can you cast a web to slow the horde until we get the rise!'' says William.

Minst heaves and breathes adn burns with the lungs push the wods between heaves. ,,Can't. Caste. Run. Can't...''

Shake runs and says with the speed and ease of body moving beyond its natural being, ,,You need to.''

Kirra loads at arrow and shost throug hthe tress behind hitting a goblins throat.

Darts hit off William's armor. ,,DO IT! NOW. MINST.''

Minst runs. He puts hand over mouth then fumbles through components on belt.

Two component packet drop.

Minst slows near a stop.

Spear pushes Minst. ,,MOVE.''

The pack moves through foreast following Kirra over a trail in her mind.

Glances back and to the sides the pack sees flashes of goblin images appearing then disappearing.

Guile trips and falls. 

Kicker stops. Shake stops.

William grabs Guile and lifts.

Guile coughs and brushes snow has he tries to run. The sheet wool falls. 

Shake grabs the wools sheet then runs with William pushing Guile.

A dart  pricks Shakes arm. 

A few goblins  and hobgoblins appear running through the trees from behind and side. Then like a flash, a mob of goblins appear running through forest into and through bushes. 

Clack, smackes, grunts snorts, crowls and surface talk mumblling sounds surrround and seep into the pack's minds.

The nearst goblins appears before Spear.
 
Kirra shoots an arrow in its head.

Spear bashes its sword swing aside.

The pack run becomes a climb. Hands and feet grab rock and slide. Hooves of Kicker swat and kick rock, snow. 

The slant grows and rises. Pebbles become rocks. Rocks become boulders. Boulders stack to a rock wall with slop aling the slide.

Minst finds the warm fingers and the time to find a stran of silk. He rubs silk between fingers. Shakes flash and expand concentric circles that read and spread over the area. Minst breathes. He waves arms, turns, spins, trips over rock and falls against a boulder.

Kicker leaps and climbs between the boulders and through brushes growing between.

Spear, Guide, Kirra, Jan and Myst grab and climb boulder.

William grabs Minst and watchses Shake follow guild through brushand between rocks.

Webs strans span between trees and rocks and brush. Web wrap around goblins. Webs loop and bind to about the height of Minst on the rise.

A goblin leaps from tree and lands on Minst.

William's guantlet grabs the goblins and bashes it against the rock then the gauntlet grabs Minst by the armor and lifts. ,,MOVE.''

,,Why...Why? Where?'' says Minst.

,,UP,'' William pushes Mins between the rock and through the bush after Shake and Kicker.

Darts hit William's armor. As he steps last, looks back.

Heads and bodies and arms of goblins, hobgoblins, and larger goblins with sleek thing features, no tusks and lighter green skin pushes and pull from web. In a flash, his mind tries to count put is unable until he ducks a flying bolt. He looks forward.

He follows Kirra and the pack up the slip them along a rock slide between sheer walls of rock reaching to the top.

Brush and trees grow from sides.

Feet slide. Sweat drips. Saliva spit. Lungs breath and heave.

Guile's lungs burst. He hacks and coughs. The cold burns lungs.

Minst and Shake and William slow behind Guile. Myst climbs after Kicker, Jan, Guide, Kirra. She reaches and grabs Guiles robe coat of Reighn.

Guile follows.

For a calm movement and with breath near gone, the pack hears a rush then a a clahs of armor, swords, shield and rock.

The webs snap like guitar being pulled and pluck. 

Kirra nears the top of the rock hill with flat top then sees hobgoblins stand at the edge.

Darts and bolts fire and clash and snap against rock face and boulders.

Goblins are at the ledge above. Goblins are in the trees behind. Goblins run free from the webs.

Above Kirra, a hobgoblin dives from ledge through small slide. Kirra hits the sword strike aside, stabs with goblin and lets the goblins fall.

Then all at once swords, shields and bodies clash.

Goblins, hobgoblins and larger hobgoblin like beings wearing leather, chain mail, plate mail, bronze, steel armor pieces jump from above, rush from below and run along the sides. Swords, knifes, staves, spears, shields broke, rushed and whole clash with back and press toward the pack.

The pack contracts. Kirra runs up to the slides ledge. Guide, Spear flank her sides. Jan and Myst walk behind while looking above. Kicker kickers back and runs up beside William and Shake whose backs remains facing the coming horde. Guile files a spot in the center next to Minst.

,,TO THE TOP. TO THE DEATH!'' hollers William.

Spear roars. And Guild coughs. 

Swords slash and cut arms, heads, fingers ears of goblins.

Shake's face is scratched, and a dart stings his hip. William's bare fist is bruised after punching face of large goblin with light green flesh, and William feels pain when a dagger slides between Branching Armor and under chainmail sleave to stab bicep. Kicker slices, stabbed and poked with ten darts. Myst is cut from forearm to wrist. Guile feels no pain only the bump of ciker's body as Kicker kicks and bites goblis. A bold stabs into Minst's leg. Kirra wearves and ducks all blades as some darts stick but don't poke. Jan fills a club slam the side of her shoulder knocking her to ground. Guide slides and slips and twists evading even the darts. Spear feels an arm wrap around neck and choke.

Spear flexs and spins, bunches, swings war hammer, goblins, hobgoblins. Their bones break, their screams cry. 

Goblin and hobgoblin bodies fall aroound Spear as he fights through the rush and mass of goblins.

Kirra find the pocket behind Spears wake to slice stab and dance over the rocks and pebbles between a rebuilding wall of goblin through and up the slide hall to hill top.

Goblin and hobgoblin  hands grab throats pour black blood. Hands clutch stomachs, eyes, legs. Goblins and hobgoblin fall to the ground then are stomped upon by other goblins and hogobins swings, stabbing, hurling for the pack.

Jan falls to the ground and rolls over other shoulder around from slash. She stops roll very near William as she slides and swings staff hitting back of head of hobgolin and breaking the knee of another. 

A goblin falls to the ground deads. A hobgoblin's knee pops and bends.

Kicker bites head off goblins. Kicker kicks and kicks and kicks breaking hobgoblins with hooves against the near stonewill. 

Hobgoblins and goblins black blood, red muscles and green flesh smashes and smears against the rock wall.

Guile listens the the clicks and clacks and quick grunts and snorts lace with a surface talk word or two. Guile watchs the noses expand  and eyes stare and peer and blink and wink. Guile focus force of mind and body upon a Hobgoblin talking clicks with lips and toungues and talking common words. The twitches of lip and hand as it bends is seen. Guile forces mind through a shot through a blink and sees the hobgoblins mind then Guile shouts a mental scream.

A hobgoblin above holding a boulder begins to Shake head then lets arms fall to side. A rock smashes hoblins head.

Myst swings round mace top upon the chest of the hobgoblin with dagger dripping her blood. She swings back again breaking hits jaw. The rages deafen any song until a calm after the strike as her heart his felt.

A hobgoblin falls and strikes a shock of death from Myst. 

William steps toward Myst and up the hill swinging sword and punching with guantlet with a focus, balance and movement like dancing to a song. William begins to sing.

Goblin and hobgoblin scream, shout, garggle, breathe and go silent as hobgoblins and goblins fall dead before William.

Shake steps and stabs and slashes with Willaim's fight and Kicker's strikes killing the ones inbetween.

Hobgoblins and goblins fall dead.

Minst falls to ground hold cross bow bolt. Three component fall to ground.

Rocks fall, boulders roll, darts shoot, bolts strike and swords with daggers qslice and stab at the pack. 

Goblins attack. They press their swings and mashing against the backs of goblins. Gobins horde over the rocks and pebbles and between boulders and over the hobgoblins up the rock hills side, snow, brushes and in the trees.

Hobgoblins run, swing, aim, shoot throw at the companions pressing attack from above and blow and side to side. They're pushed aside, shoved and pulled to and from the fight to be the first to be to stike.

Their feel smash the bits of snow from slush to water. 

Their screams and shouts twist and stab the sense of sound and set a discord to Myst's song playing in mind and humming from lips.

Myst sings tones and near words to song that feels like a warms unrise.

The sun does rise and the shodows turn, but only cold wind greet their skin.

The song from Myst feels the pack with bliss and hope and sight of a future win.

William feels power of the song and finds the rhythm and the dance to pranch and play on the loose way as he sways side to side away from daggers, swords and leaping goblins. Not a scratch does scare and touch the flesh and he breaks a fast with fist or cuts a goblin in half.

The black goblin blood sprays as half a goblin filet flies at Shake. 

Shake feeling the haste twists, tips and turns away from stray swings and aimed bolts. He steps back with the pack then jumps for an attack upon goblin rushing his front. He stabs and cuts.

Black blood spread over face front. 

Shake smiles a black blood grin. 

Kicker buckes and smackes a hoove into a hobgoblin's chin. 

Knifes and swords and darts pot and slice and swing wide and Kicker kicks and bucks and clops up the sliding rock near the hill top will kick a goblin thrust away and to the bottom with his hoove causing many bones to bush. 

Near the hill top Kirra fights with Spear leading the way.

Spear lost under a pile of hobgoblins and goblins. 

Tiny and  big fist pound and punch and scratch Spear's Branching Armor, Rose Warrior Armor and body. 

The mass mound of Spear and goblins and hobgoblins walks away from the ridge over the flat top of the rock hill.

A roar is felt by those of the mound then heard by all as Spear busts form the pile of goblins and hoblins spining, swining, kicking. gouching and ripping. He bits the ear of a hobgoblin from head as he punctures the eye of a goblin and slams a hobgoblin with knees to ground. And then he goes around again and again...

Eye juices squirt. Blood seeps and pumps from skin ripped open by broken bone.

A path to the top, Kirra is show. She fight and hones her strike and aim with dagger and sword clearing a path to Kicker and six hobgoblins swing swords at Kicker as Kicker bucks to the top.

Kirra spins and dips and swipes and slash up the rock slide to rim top

Hobgoblins smack and clack three times then say a word near a surface tongue speak for, ,,Fire.''

Club tips ignite.

Guide hears and hears and hears and hears the smack and clacks three times and a hobgoblin's mouth say, ,,Fire,'' with the slight slow e in Lyno slang.

Club tip ignites.

A hobgoblin rasies club to swing.

Guile pulls and throw and follows the thought from mind  to the mind of the hobgoblin following its connection with the club to its mind to find the focus of rage of battle and spread that thought and feeling of rage through the jealousies felt of hobgoblins in the mass.

A hoboling turns hits swing from Kicker and steps, leaps from the ledge and slams flaming club top on head of a hobgoblin as he decends before landing.

Guile spreads his rage to all hobgoblins.

Minst grabs to pull bolt from leg.

Jans say, ,,No, Minst.'' She blocks two swing of rusted long swords with her wooden staff. ''Myst,'' says Jan.

Myst hears Minst graon and fall and blocks and knocks sloppy sword swing from mace. ,,BE BACK.'' Myst hears Minst studder words. Myst hears all the talk as the song she sings. Myst swings mace and hits note as she crushes skull of another goblin.

The song spread through the pack and into mind and through bodies. The song lulls Minst in an instance to a state as Jan breaks the bolt and wraps and ties Minst's leg.

Minst lays.

Myst and Jan block and hit blunt blows hobgoblins. They step hill. Jan says loud. ,,CRAWL.''

The pack pushes up the hill until near even with those long the edge of the rock slide.

Rocks and pebbles slip and slide and pack into snow and ice and black goblin blood.

The black goblins blood spay, seeps, drips and splashes from goblins, hobgoblins of shapes.

Goblins and hobgoblins press, strike and rush. Rage and focus flows through the mass. Focus and a calm chatter of smacks, snaps, glips and breathes a common talk. The steps and push and swing and punch find a rhythem in the rush as the goblins and hobgoblins begin to fight as one and with one. Their steps falls as one. Their class swipe as one. The minds nearly think as one.

Goblins and hobgoblins scrape, scratch and punch hands, arms, face, armor. Claws and sword sides clank and swing and smack.

William feels a rock hit side of head sending his dance to a misstep. Myst feels a claw tips over her knuckles. Shake feels the buzz and flies with its pace way from all harm perssing attackers away from Kicker. Kicker is bunch and blasted with flame tipped club. Kicker bushes Guile as Guile feels a dark sink into skin, but the dark sinks not deep to puncture the connection between Guile's mind and the hobgoblin spreadind disorder in the goblins chant and changing rhythm. A rhythm that catches Guide as Guide twist and twirls then punched in the face and scraped over the arm. Guile stumbles toward Kirra as Kirra kickes and stabs a hobgoblins as a hobgoblin
fist puncher her brused face.

Pains flashes, spreads and numbs. Black goblin feels to flood over bodies.

The pack reaches the rock hill top.

Spear rears and rights her body stance then spins and smacks and punchs and cracks the necks of goblins and hobgoblins that fall in quivers and shakes upon the ground.

A set of goblin teeth bite through Spear's boot into Spear's skin.

Gobins and hobgoblins step through the funnel like path created by the slide. All steps as if in marching step. Their honed for the pack fighting back those of the lead. A lone hobgoblin slash and clashs creating a discord against the flow goblins and the talk and rhythm of their chating and flighting and swing.

Goblins on rock top presses their thin line around the pack trying to push them pack down the slide. Their step and swing and clacks and talks out of steps and pace.

Club tops ignite and swing. Claws swipe and slash in a blurr of rage screaming from one goblins to the next.

The raged goblins swipe air, selfs and goblins and nicks and clips knucles and forearms swinking swords and war hammar.

The pack find their dance and chant and binding in the song sung by Myst and William.

The song of Rieghn sung is flung in long notes and talking and spreads the calm through the pack giving direction to their press forward.

The pack reaches the top as a slow crawling Minst falls to the ground.

A wave of darts shoot and stick along arms and backs, hides and rumps.

,,Press the rears once the hill top clear,'' says William with strenth and tone with song sung by Myst.

A sight to seen is visioned.

Goblins press and gather from the slide to the vertical base of the rock hill. Goblins climb trees.

This Jan sees. Then Jan falls to ground and splash to water. Her wooden staff and algea mold robe a pile.

,,JAN,'' says Shake loud. His speed mind sees the slash the flash of daggers and blade. He dodges back as Kirra glances back.

Kirra sees the pile and the staff and see the snow and slush melt to water.

The snow, sweat, slush and blood melts and seeps through the rocks.

The song and the pack feels to pause for an instance.

,,FORM LINE,'' hollers William bringing lyics to the song to be sung to bind the pack.

The pack finds the space and swings and grace to from a line against the press of the goblins rushing the hills.

While Kirra and Spear remain to roam the hill top to punch and beat the song of Reighn into the goblins, hobgoblins, and green skin beings too beautiful to be goblins.

The beings with light green skin, no tusks and smooth angled features creating the lines of grace and calm seen through fluid movements. Their eyes watch and peer. Their tuskless mouths and pointless teeth talk with tongues to each. Their cloths a match and swords shine with not rust. Metal necklaces hang from their necks.

The too beautiful to be goblin beings  evade the rath and paths of Kirra. The steps and dogdge and help another spare themselves from becoming one with Spear's choas.

Spear's choas spreads over the rock hill top. Spear strikes war hammer and fists Wax, Rise, Wane, Wane, Rise, Rise, Set. The blunt punches and war hammer heads shatter bones and scattering goblins and hobgoblins.

Goblins run and leap from the edge of the sheer cylindar rock hill toward trees.

Hobgoblins stand around the large, light green goblins looking beings.

The other beings dissappear.

The hobgoblins rush Spear and Kirra.

Kirra and Spear find through their fight them standing neart to greet the rush of the last standing goblins on the rock hill top.

Guile pulls Minst further from the soft ledge along the rock.

Minst feels spikes of pain as the nub of bolt poking from flesh rubs over rocks. He feels pain. He feels cold.

Red and black blood smear over the flat rock.

A wall of blood and mud ice rises from a peak near the feet of William, Guide, Myst, Shake and Kicker. The wall of ice launches goblins into the air. It pushes them  at the pack and down the mountain slide. The ice wall rises like a ramp spanning from the pack position near the top ofteh stone hill to the bottom of the slop.

The pack steps back with Shake hasting away from the wall.

Goblins and hobgoblins fall. They hit and squirm. They claw at the ice, try to climb the rock then gather and rush the pack.

,,YIELD AND YOU LIVE,'' hollers William adding lyric to the grand crescendo of Myst hitting drums with her bass and falseto hum and tones.

The goblins and hobgoblins rush. They are cut, sliced, stabbed and killed. They die bleediing black blood over the rocks.

Guttural barks shout rise from behind the ice wall and to the top of the mound.

Dead goblins and hobgoblins surround.

Kirra and Spear stare then part and walk the hill top. They walk the edge of the ledge of the hill top.

The rock hill rises from the ground like a barrel. The trees that surround rise a stones fall away with tops tipping barely higher then the hill top. 

Trees spread around the hill top Rise, Wane, Set, Wax. Snow coveres tree tops and ground. Gray and brown top of hills are seen tipping above the trees.

Below the tree line and below the walls of the rock hill, goblins and hobgoblins horde around the base. Goblins run around the hill base and run up and down the trees. Hobgoblins stare, point and talk. All strike and hit the ice wall.
 
The ice wall fills the rock slide slope and covers the sheer rock face. The ice wall freeze across the ground below.  

Guide stands and lookd down. He says, ,,Will walk and watch.'' Then he steps Kirra and Spear and walks the ledge of rock hill. His pacing to the hand beat of drum of Myst's song.

Myst's songs lulls to a calm breath blowing steam over her face and sight. Her eyes are open, but do not see the blood shed before.

And with the song's lull and quiet departure of a feeling of warmth and hope and pain.

Pain fills the song's silence.

Dead or moaning goblins and hobgoblins lay over the top of the barren hill top. A few mutter guttural talk underbreath.

William exhales, says, ,,Where's Jan?''

Jan spans through the rocks and ice. Her energy for body spread through the water and ice. She feels the goblins calw and chip the surface of the wall of ice as her energy spans.

,,In the ground,'' says Kirra.

,,Minst,'' says Myst. Myst walks the rock and walk to Minst.

,,Where's the illusion disk,'' says William. ''The plater. The magical portal.'' William looks at Minst then over the ground and the black blood stains. He leans down and peers.

,,WILLIAM,'' says Myst.

Shake begins looking over the ground for the disk. He yawns and shakes head to open eyes as the world slows then speeds beyond the sense of Shake. His body burns and aches and twitches. The twitches spread to fingers and lips. Then with at touch of Shake's finger to the vial stuffed into cuff of Branching Armor, and the buzz returns.

,,Why are we here? Why are we here?'' mumbles Minst and he holds his leg and rocks back and forth in Mysts arms.

Guile stares through the day light becoming dim and watches a hobgoblin hitting its own be stabbed and cut apart. ,,I don't know.''

 Myst sings a tones and craddles Minst.

William hears the song and feels the tension from guantlet fist float away like  blown by the lungs.

The mumbles of Minst echo in Shake's mind. He sees...

The dead moans and outreached hands of bloodied claws reach. Hobgoblins crawl to the edge and ledge and falls to the ground.

Shake feels the buzz. And the buzz begins to talk to Shake. Whispers without words begin to connect facts and images. He stands by William and points to a club laying on the ground with flame still burning. ,,They had a torch like Daxel, who could have been Jaxel or the Branching being.'' Shake lifts up hands and exclaims with eyes wide. ''They had clubs like Daxel. Like Daxel. Who know? Maybe Coal was a goblin.'' Shake stops and looks at Guile. ''What if the Branching being was a goblin? She was big. If it was a she.'' Shake points to Spear. ''Then you see they could all be goblins.'' He smirks at Myst. Then points and says loud, ,,MAYBE THEY WHERE GOBLINS OF REIGHN?''

Shake's voice calms and fades to quiet through the forest.

,,Shake,'' says Myst. ''SHAKE,'' says Myst loud. ''Where here now? There are goblins everywhere here. Lyno don't matter any more.''

,,It doesn. It does because there are people there. They could all be. They could all be,'' says Shake. ''AND WHERE'S JAN! THE DISK!'' Shake leaps and lands near a hobgoblin crawling over the ground. Shake slashes, stabs and cuts open the hobgoblins back.

William's gauntlet covered hand grabs shakes Branching Armor and holds Shake before. ,,SHAKE,'' he says strict like telling an animal to heed.

Shake stares. The buzz calms, and Shake's sight slows for spans of instances.

Spear, Kirra, Guide and Jan steps into the forest Rise, Wane, Set, Wax.

The stare as the talk of manic Shake fills the forest with his noise.

William stares at Shake. ,,Give me your Speed.''

Shake grinds teeth. ,,It's mine.''

,,Shake,'' says William. ''We have a long journey. No vial is big enough to last.'' He hold out his palm. ''I'll keep it. I'lll give it to you when you really needed. it.'' He stares at Shake. ''It is yours.''

Shake stares, peers then looks at William. He puts hand into sleeve and pulls vial from the pocket in cuff. He holds the vail up.

William holds out guantlet hand.

Kicker blusters and whinnies. He head nods at Shake.

Shake puts the vial on William's guantlet hand, says, ,,Can't be good if thought bad.''



