Heart beats with head beat against Shake's skull. Sweat covers Shake's forehead sticking dirt locked hair agains face. Tremors and shivers flow through Shakes' body. Cold covers.

Shake's eyes open slowly letting a bright light to needle pain to pierce his eyes and head. He closes his eyes. He coughs a dry a hack pushing up thick mucus up throat. The hack pounds the brain and head.

A slow moan escapes and the moan vibrates head with pain. 

Shake squeezes his eyes to shout out the light through eyelids.

His dry lips smack stale wine crusting on tongue and mouth and limps.

Shake reaches to his rope belt and left end feeling on wine flask at the end.

He squints and sees blurred steel bars a all of light shining beyond the bars. A silhouettes stand in the light. 

Shake squint behind and too side and sees only bars. Above he sees a flat square roof.

His fist hits the floor. The floor vibrates. ,,Steel," says Shake low and soft as the words muffled with mucus and a dry mouth and swollen. He dry coughs.

The mucus pushes from throat to mouth and he spits.

Shake's head pounds. He lifts body and feel aching and shiver of cold pain shake through body. He sits and looks at the silhouette.

,,Where am I?" says Shake.

The silhouette moves and steps toward the bars. ,,In cage," says the silhoutte. 

,,That's obvious," says Shake, "Where's the cage?"

The silhouette was to the cages edge. ,,Above."

Shake peers and sees a dwarf in secton plated armor etched with reliefs of thorns and rose peddles. His beard is short and eyebrows thick nearly meeting in the middle. His height nearly as tall as shake, but twice as wide. His eyes shine even with the silhouette.

,,What's your name," says Shake.

,,Name?" The dwarf nods. "Zi."

Shake smiles. ,,My name is Shake. Nice to meet you, Zi." Shake crawls to the bars and looks down.

Darknes with a few dots of light shine through the darkness.

Shake crawls around the Shake and only sees dots of lights and a red hue through the bright shining ball of light. The looks along the small steel square floor twice the length of Shake's height.

He pounding head and sore body is. He sits and hits packings of pants, sewn under shirt and pants feeling only emptiness. ,,My pack." He looks at Zi. Zi, where is my pack."

,,Gone. Hern," say Zi with a pause between the words.

,,Hern. Great." says Shake.

,,Yes. Hern," says Zi.

Shake squints and holds hand before Shake trying to block the light. ,,Can you dim that light?"

Zi kneels and looks at Shake.

,,Light. Dim. Off. No light," says Shake.

,,No," says Zi.

,,Water," says Shake. 

Zi steps from the steel cages and walks past the bright light.

Shake sits. His head pounds pounds. His dry skin feels to crumble and flake. 

Zi steps before the light and puts hand between bars and places a tin cup on the floor and a thin tin pitcher beside it. ,,Water."

Shake slowly crawls to the water and picks up the pitcher and drinks and drinks and drinks.

Water run down his cheek and neck into his shirt's frayed fibers and torn collar. The water flows through throat spread moisture and clearing the pasty mucus and dried saliva.

Shake set empty pitcher on floor then drinks the cup of water, burps, says, ,,More please."

No silhouette is seen.

,,Zi," says Shake. He stands with his acking and sore body. He rubs head and temple to try to ease the pumping painful brain. He stands and squints into the light, "Zi."

A gust then a breeze blows then the breeze stops. 

A chill spreads over Shakes body.

The cage sways slight light.

Shake peers at the weld between the floor and the bars. Shake jerks and pulls on the a few bars.

The welds are even and smooth. The bars do not moves. 

The jerking of bars sends a dull pain through Shake bodys.

Sbake's hand tremors.

,,Shake," says Hern. Hern's silhouette appears before the bright light. His robe sways as he sit down near the the cage. He puts two carafes through the bars and sets them on the floor of the steel cage. 

Shake grabs one of the carafes and drinks until empty. He sets the carafe on the steel floor. ,,Where do I water?"

,,The carafe," says Hern. His voice flat. His darkened face long and emotionaless.

Shake picks up the carafe. Pain hits head and neck. He stands and unties pants. Then he looks at carafe and picks it up and puts it in the corner. "Not thinking that my am is that good." He pees into the carafe. "Got anything for pain?"

Hern sighs. ,,Not for the pain you have."

,,Where am I? Why am I here?" says Shake.

Hern looks up. ,,You are in the cages hanging above the city. These cages are reserved for people guitly of breaking our code of honor."

Shake looks back with eyes wide open and pee stream spraying on the steel floor. ,,I am hanging above everything!' He says with excitement. He lets his pee stream over the edge. He smiles.

Drips of water spray and drop from the roof of the cage.

,,There is a dimension that redirects object below you to above you." Hern stands.

Shake pees into the carafe. ,,What did I do wrong?"

,,You stole Newon's Pack Dagger. A dagger that was his father's and his father's and his father's. A dagger than can sing to the soul a warning of away."

,,Wow, I found a cool dagger," says Shake.

,,Found," says Hern waves a hand and the bright Sphere of light dims.

Shake stops peeing and ties pants. ,,Found it on the lift. In fact, I found it while I was peeing in the corner of the life. His hand tremors. ,,Where's my things. My carafe. Could use some wine. Seems to help this tremor and chill I feel."

,,The tremor and chill, Shake, is because you have withdrawing from drinking potions and powders of Haste and Speed. Your things are hanging above you." Hern puts his hand between folds of a robe.

,,Need my wine," says Shake. "Need out."

Hern pulls out a pair of glasses. ,,Your Judgement will be soon." He puts the glasses between the bars. "These will help you see."

,,Judgement." Shake walks to Hern and grabs the glasses then hooks the frames to collar. "No ones judging me. Think I broke some code for some knife found. No. Not me." He points. "You dwarves got your honor all wrong." He points to self. "I'm innocent. More innocent than those. Those. ..Well, you know. Those who thing they're more innocent."

,,Newon recalls you bumping him in the lift. He also recalls cleaning the knife during the lift ride and sheathing the weapon upon leaving. It was during the cleaning he noticed its lost. Thinking it could have been picked up by one of the pack he left for the festival honors. He found that there was no dagger," says Hern.

,,Take me before your judgement. Innocent. That's right," says Shake.

,,You will be taken soon. Before we depart, I wish to allow you a chance to think before you speak and know what will be judged and who will be judged." Her stands and stares. His even voice flows on. "You will be joined with the rest of your pack. Newon will present his beliefe. Then you will present yours. After people will be give their beliefs if they desire."

Shake puts his hand in pocket. ,,Where're my friends?"

,,They are sleeping in the room you stayed while in quarentine. They are being gathered to travel."

,,They're not the ones who found they dagger. What they got to be judged?" says Shake.

,,Dishonor you self. Dishonor your pack," says Hern.

,,You dwarves," says Shake. "Trap us in your mountain. Say a dagger was stolen so you can keep us here. Bring us to be attacked. Put us in jail." He stares at Hern. "KNow now why I hate dwarves. Furry looking trolls."

Hern's body remains still.

A gust passes and a breeze blows. Hern's robe flutters and the cage swings.

''What if I lie, say I did steal it?" Shake feels a pound in his skull push pain then flow a shiver through body.

,,Lieing has no honor. And acts without honor will be judged before Judgement," says Hern. "You will be doing your friends more harm if you lie."

,,Friends," Shake smiles. He squints a way a push of pain.  "Friends. I got only one friend. But I don't think he want to be a friend of me." Shake clears throart and spits. "They ain't done nothing wrong."    

,,Have you done anything wrong?" says Hern.

Shake's hands tremor. ,,You think I did something wrong." He clenches his fist pulls hand from pocket and points and straight shaking finger at self. "I survive."

,,Right or wrong. The Rose Pack will judge-"

He puts fist in pocket. ,,And who will judge them." 

,,You will," says Hern. "You and your friends. Once judgement has been passed punishment will be determined by your pack. Friends or not, they are the people you have choosen to walk this journey. You have judged them worthy of your presence."

,,Where's my wine?" says Shake. "It's mine. I want it."

,,You need it for the tremors." Hern puts hand in pocket and pulls out an apple. "Eat this apple. It will provide a similar healing to the wine without the  effect of the alcohol." Hern puts hand between bars and holds the apple before Shake.

Shake takes the apple and tosses it to the side. ,,Don't trust you."

The apple rolls on floor, between bars and over the edge and falls then appears and falls from top of cage to the bottom, from top of cage to the bottom, from the top of cage to the bottom...

Hern snaps his fingers, a yellow puff power clouds around thumb and finger.

The apple appears in Grun's hand.

Shake stands and stares from the space then to the apple then to Hern.

Hern bites the apple and chews. ,,You don't trust yourself, Shake."

Shake stares at apple. His stomach burns and pulls and feels empty.

Hern swallows. He pulls out the wine carafe, tosses carafe through bars.

Shake leans, reaches for the carafe.

The carafe hits and falls from Shake's shaking hands. His brain bounces in head.

,,Time is near for Judgement, Shake." says while he chews. "We will pass judgement while your pack will decide punishment to regain honor." 

,,If nothing is said," Shakd sits and grabs the carafe.

,,You will be judge by the words of Newon and other witnesses," says Hern.

Shake drinks from the carafe.

He feels a warm spread through body as it flows into mouth and down throat. He lowers flask. ,,What's going on at the Judgement."

,,You and your pack will appear in the center of the ring. I will be standing in the ring with you. When we were all in the ring, Newon will announce his truth. Once he announces his truth. You will then begiven a chance ot announce your truth. After you present your truth Newon's pack will speak the your pack will Speak."

,,Now my pack," says Shake after drinking from carafe. Then stops. "Am I going to put something it?" Shake  stares. ,,Where's William?"

,,In the quarentine room," says Hern.

The pound of head in Shake's slows. He peers at Hern. ,,Dwarf. Trust you. No. No chance. No reason can't be with William. This, this, this judgement things is a lie. No need to be away from the herd. Why? Why here and not there. There with my, my PACK," says Shake spatting the word PACK.

,,YOu are here, Shake, to give you time to think of how important your honor and you pack means to you," says Hern.

Shake coughs and coughs, clears throat and spits through the bars and far over the edge. ,,Where we at?"

,,We hang over a Lilly Wall. It is on the far side of the Rose Wall, the location where you entered the city," says Hern.

,,How far up," says Shake.

,,From base of mountain to half its height," says Hern.

,,Wow," Shake walks over to the bars away from Hern. He peer over the edge. "Are other cages hanging."

,,Yes," says Hern. "They would be seen if you wear your spectacles."

Shake puts on his spectacles.

Darkness become day. 

Cages hang from chains connected to the rock top far above, taller than a mature tree, into the rock. The cages are evenly places in rows and columns like a square grid connected  with a  metal path with no railing spans between the rows and column attached to the celing with chain latched to the roof. The cages are empty except for a few filled with beds and blanket, chairs, desks with a few humionoid shaped beings standing, sitting, sleeping inside.

Shake looks around the cage and sees a distand maze of stairs, platforms, large and small box rooms and long rectanle rooms that hang from chains as big as shake. People walk around the small box rooms and large rooms and rectanle boxes up stairs and sit on platforms. They climb ladders that lead up to the rock roof. The sit and watch people talk and shout. They sit along a bar and drink. Other's walk along the ramps holding shovels, picks, hoes.

Shake squints. ,,What's that," says Shake. 

,,It is a route to the surface. It leads city on the moutain top. The boxes are Branching rooms," says Hern.

,,Branching!" says Shake. "Branching allowed to be here."

,,Branching was found after the roof caved  a long time ago revealing the base of the rooms. We then braced the rooms and found what was inside. We have no reason to remove it for despite some of their member dishonrable ways knowing Branch has helped our Vein many times," says Hern.

,,Here," says Shake. He turns and looks at Hern. "How long I gotta be here?"

,,We will remain until you are ready for judgement." Hern nods toward a nearby cell with a dwarf in a cell sleeping on a plush bed and surrounded by paitings and parchment. "She's been waiting for judgement of over a hundred Cycles."

Shake drinks from his carafe. He stares at the lone dwarf sleeping. He drinks a long drink from the carafe, then gasps. ,,Think I'm ready."

Hern smiles. ,,Very well."

A flash blinds...


