Light shines through blue sky and between the stone walls of the ravine. Cold wind blows. Ice and frost cover flat rock.

Fineal fies and cries through the blue sky and glides on the cold wind.

Wind gusts between the ravine. Ice particles sting skin.

Sweat becomes ice.

Bits of frozen sediment stick to Jan's hair. Her head jerks up. Forces of energy between rats and mice and Jan snap and whip to Jan. Her head jerks up as the last connection with rats snaps the force and whips the energy into Jan.

The pack stands and kneels. Kirra kneels by Jan and is the first to see Jan's eye's open.

William looks at the rock wall and squeezes pocket and feels the folded portal, says, ,,What can we do?''

Spear stretches arms and legs releasing tension. He sniffs and smell deer fat burning and burnt wood. He feels Jan grasp his body then release.

Minst touches the spine of spell book and closes his fists tight. He lowers head trying to cover ears. He stomps feet and kicks free ice. He smiles as Jan opens her eyes.

,,Jan,'' says Myst. Her words lost to the wind, but not her mind as she hears her self speak through mind. Myst kneels by Jan and grabs her hand absorbing a deep cold.

,,We should move to warmer lands,'' says Dante.

Guide stands with back to wind. Arms hang limp and sides and shoulders shrug and head nods back toward the depths of the ravine.

Spear looks away from Guide to the other span of the raviane.

The ravine ends in a sheer wall. The fissure rises through the stone wall to become a crack. The path of stone and chunks of froze peoples end at wall in a bowl.

Spear peers and hollars. ,,WAS THAT A WATERFALL!'' 

Guide nods.

Fineal cries and swoops between the ravine.

William kneels and looks and Jan, says loud, ,,CAN YOU WALK.''

Jan nods.

Kirra unties the rope around Jan's wrists and gives rope to Dante.

Jan stands with a wobble and sway. She squints into the sun feeling it become part of her.

Guide turns from back and walks along the wide rough rock traill along the fissure crack.

They  follow Guide along the wide trail of frost covered stone and ice covered sediment stacked against the ravine wall.

Guide walks along the fissure seam.

They walk and walk and walk with heads low and turned to the side.

Cold wind blows. It gusts and shoots ice particales on face.

Open hands become fists. And ears burn.

Cold wind blows though Spear's fur.

They walk and walk and walk...

Spear pulls his bastard sword from sheath strapped to back. He feels the claws try to fit around and hold the wieght and the balance with the awkward hold on handle. He walks and feels through paws the cold of the rough stone. The claws scrape the frost and ice.

William slips on ice. He walk and looks at Spear. He tries not to stare and look at Fineal flying forward or Guide and Guide's tall and narrow frame striding before. He tries to cover ears with fists and walks on looking back to Myst, but only making eye contact with Minst.

Minst tries to smile, but feels face will freeze. He peers forward trying to block the sun from a throbing mind. Shapes and reliefs of magic weave paint and fade before Minst sight. Minst tries to block the magic through the cold of the wind and the step through the ravine, but the sight traces and plays like distant chorus calling for Minst to sing.

The song playing for Myst is of the wind and the scrapes of Spear's claws.

Myst tries to focus upon hte song and find between the notes and ebbs of its flow a warmth to play on drums or with voice to warm those around. She walks toward Fineal and toward the Song of Warmth only for both to be blown by the wind beyond the reach of Myst.

Beyond the reach of the mind, Jan's walk like a zombie trying to walk with legs and arms that bend. She stumbles  and slouches and focus to remain on feet.

Kirra watch Jan, the sky, the fissure and Jan. She walks near.

Dante walks and glances at Fineal.

They walk and follow Fineal's  path.

Fineal glides and flaps and flights to the sun.

They walk.

The sun lowers. Shadows caste. The wind become a breeze then a wind.

The ravine stone walls crumble and fall to a near sheer rock face down.

The fissure crack in river bed spans to a crack then to chips and breaks.

A cross wind hits and pushes.

,,HOW DO WE GET DOWN?'' says Minst.

Fineal flies from fissure over the canyoun.

Snow capped trees spread from steep base to the canyon floor covering all. The river winds along the contours of the canyon flowing in and our from beneathe the evergreen and snow covered trees. Bare trees and braches and dead brown leaves spot through the evergreen.

Sun light castes reflects from snow the shades to shodows caste by the canyon walls the wind to a narrow point beyond the call of Fineal.

Smoke columns rise from trees and smuther before it rises above the grand moutain walls of the canyon.

Fineal flies to smoke, and Dante looks from Fineal to Guide. ,,HOW?''

Guide stands on edge of ledge and steps between the pack, past Dantes and walks along the fissure. He stops at the edge of fissure ten strides from ledge. He jumps and falls into fissure.

,,Where?'' says Minst to the wind.

Dante steps and William follows.

William clenches pants pocket and feels the folded portal.

They steps and peer into the dark fissure. Light and cold and heat cast dark no matter the sight type. They do peer and stare and look trying to see shifting of shades to define an object. They see only the darkness. They stop and stand on fissures edge.

Fineal cries, harks and circles near ravine's end.

William kneels and puts head into darkness. He stares at Guide.

Guide smiles and points to stone points down to a tree trunk trimmed of limbs and bark that spand from one side of fissure to the other.

Guide stteps down to another tree trunk then another and another. He stops and looks back.

,,Where does this go?'' asks William and Myst at the same time. Both their voices caste above the wind blow.

,,Down,'' says Guide's voice on the wind as he steps down.

Dantes steps and jumps down to a wooden trunk spanning from one side of the fissure the next.

Minst touches spine of spell book, kneels, sits on ledge and slides to a fall to the wooden trunk.

Kirra pulls dried apple and lamb from pack and eats. She jumps and lands and swallows.

Myst's song raises and lowers in volume, and warms through body for a song to sing for warm. She lowers to crouch then lets feet slide over ledge and hit the trunk.

The trunk bends and creaks.

Myst and Kirra and Minst step one by one toward Guide.

Jan jumps and stumble and falls upon the trunk. She slides to hang.

Spear leaps before Kirra can move. His weight shakes and sways trunk.

Jan falls.

Spear grabs her arms and places her on trunk.

William lays on stomach and slides feet, legs then waist to stomach slowly sliding until he hangs. Then he lets go and lands and the trunk.

Darkness covers.

A cool breeze flows over body.

Wood creaks with steps and shitfs slight in holes in wall.

Flickers of lights shine through the dark. Bright lights create shadows and silhouettes with bows and arrows. Wisps of smoke blow over faces and snouts.

The feet and paws push and step from trunk to trunk to trunk stepping to a platform of trunks. Ice and frost cracks unders step.

William's foot slips. Spear catches William. They walk steps to platform following Guide.

Guid turns and walks from trunk platform into darkness and into the fissure wall.

Jan and Kirra with Minst and Myst stand near the edge.

Hundreds of tiny lights flicker along the dark. 

,,Is this were all the rangers and druids live?'' says Minst. Minst looks at  Guide.

Guids stares and stands by the stone wall.

Smoke of oils and roasted roots and vegitables floats past.

,,The darkness and our own ignorance allows everything to remain hidden,'' says William.

Myst says, ,,You should write that down.''

William looks at Myst. He sees her eyes and cheek tips from smiles.

The smiles sees through the dark.

They stare.

,,If only I had my guitar,'' says William.

Myst smiles, ,,You were always a much better singer.''

They smile.

Everyone else sees shadows of smiles.

Guide says from an echo to the wall. ,,Down.''

A song of stings spins through fissure and wraps around a few low tones sung from throats

The song sings with Myst's mind and the hum. Her frozen fingers tap the top of drum.

Drum taps echo through the fissure and into the hole.

The hole is wide as Spear and a hand length taller than Jan.

Dante, Spear, Kirra, Jan, Minst, Myst, William step into the hole. Heads lower, and shoulders slump. Waist's bend as shoulders and heads hits wall.

,,Shall there be light?'' says Dante.

William blinks. ,,Let there be light.''

Light illuminates from Guide to Dante to the fissure and wooden platform and the stone.

The stone walls cruve and bend like the top and bottom of the cavern followed two different paths the the peak of the ceiling. The rough surface scrapes and scratche skin.

The stone steps twist, turn, decline down without patter or reason.

The foot falls and breaths echo flat.

William feel slip on ices patch. He grips pants pocket and feels the folded portal.

,,William, have you written a song,'' says Dante.

,,I,'' William pauses.

Myst looks back to William.

''I have,'' says William.

,,I feel the accoustics of this hall may ruin any song sung.'' Dante ducks under a vein of stone. ''but I find song help a warrior warm and clam body for the next battle.''

,,Yes, calming. But my guitar no more,'' says William.

,,And your voice,'' says Dante.

,,Myst is too kind,'' says William.

Dante humms a note.

The humm of Dante vibrates the drums and throat singing of the fissure with the strings of Reign in Myst's mind.

Myst taps drum as drum hits and knocks against wall. 

The discord of notes scatter the rythem of song seen in thought then her tap and humm.

,,Reighn can't sing a new tunnel.''  Myst ducks and lowers and bends around the tunnel.

Dante stops humming. ,,Song is a leader's gift to warriors after a fight and weapon to yeild during. Even if the battle be not one then the song will sing the way to the Lord.''

Spear gaufs that sounds near a squeek as he ducks and slides his bastard sword in to scabbard strapped to back. He shitf and suffles then slides the scabbard. ,,Gods,'' cracks Spear's voice. ''The be singing their songs for selves.''

,,If Carlos where here,'' says Minst.

,,I would strangle him,'' says Willlam glenching his gauntlet.

Dante laughs. His laugh echoes and ebbs. He glances back at William. ,,Even I would fear striking at Carlos the Barded Dwarf from the tales I have read.''

,,By Carlos the Barded Dwarf,'' says William.

,,That be a true statement,'' says Dante.

Guide glances back to Spear then forward. Guide leads the group down the twist paths stressing and twisting and pulling muscles to contort through.

William feels rage burst through body then funnel to fist. He punches the wall with guantlet. The rage pushes thorugh fist into wall.

Chips of rock break from wall and hit Myst's back.

Myst jumps and jerks hitting head.

,,William!'' says Myst. Kirra stops and grabs sword. Spear looks back with hand on hammer handle.

Jan stops and doesn't move as Dante before glances back then steps with Guids as Guide leads down.

,,When be the last time that guantlet of yours was taken from you hand allowed you body to calm?'' says Dante.

Minst rubs head and steps. Kirra and Spear step.

Myst looks at William.

,,Too long,'' says William. ''Too long.''

,,Might I ask how you received the guantlet?" says Dante.

William grips to a fist. He releases. ,,It fell from the sky.'' William pauses step. Inhales then slowly exhales. ''It came from the Gobin King. It fell from the sky after the Black Dragon flew away with Carlos.''

,,Why did you put it over your hand?'' says Dante.

,,I believed it be an oman from Reighn,'' says William. He steps and ducks and nears Myst.

Dante steps after Guide.

Myst glances back at Willam then looks down at Minst

Minst takes sling and ties sling around head and over ear tips. He blows into his hands and he ducks and lends through hall. ,,Who carved this?''

,,No dwarf,'' says Kirra. ''No sane dwarf.'' She pulls bow from shoulder and holds in hand guiding int through the narrow gab as she steps to the side and steps down. Spots of pin pricks tickle back as it rubs against the roud stone. ''There are chissel marks.''

Jan nods. She nods at the silence speaking. He head watches feet step downstairs. She presses his eyes and pushing force, but only feels the cold, the wind, the frist over the chissel walls.

,,Yes,'' says Minst chissel. He inhales deep. His head sways.

,,Who created the path,'' says Spear. His voice aimed at Guide.

Guide says, ,,No.''

Spear's legs lock and pulls.

Spear grabs wall and walks in step with Guide. He grunts. His muscles tense and skin feels to tickle.

The tickle spreads from toe to head and into mind.

Guide walks and steps slouching over and stepping sideways with a lean. His head remains level and focused forward.

Spear's grunt resounds with Foot falls and random hits of Myst's drum fill the sound.

,,Spear?'' says William as William peers throgh the tunnel and catch glimps of Spear stepping down.

Spear opens mouth, but only steam escapes into the cold.

Cold air numbs the ears and nose. The nose inhales cold. Fumes of soot and shit floats after the pack walks down, down, down leaving an echo of their path for smell with the sounds of steps and drum bass of sound.

The fur on Spear's body receeds.

Minst slides hand between folds of armor and touches the spine of spell book.

William grabs the pocket and feels the folded portal.

Spear's arms pop, and body jerks as arm joints pol and lock on shoulders. 

Spear's stands and hits head on wall.

Dante grabs Spear and hits head on bump of ceiling. ,,Need you sit, Spear.''

Guide walks to a stop. He stares at Spear.

All stare at Spear.

Pain staps along Spear's spine and spread through Spear's ribs.

Spear's force spress to Jan. Spear's moans discord Myst's mind ceating a clash of sounds.

Paws become feet and hands, and claws shrink to nails. 

All stare at Spear sitting against wall.

Spear's spine contracts and shoulders push back. His muscles pump and shift and pull to arms and lets. 

The high pitched squeaks become low maons. 

The mouth of long teeth receed to a clenched jaw.

He open's eyes. He looks at his bare feet and slit hide pants and coat. He looks at limbs and stands.

Spear looks at Dante.

,,We go,'' says Spear. Spear grabs and pulls on scabbard on back and grips and shakes the hammars. He steps past Dante and Guide. His cold feet press into point and cold chicles marks.

,,I have shoes,'' says Dante. ''They be a sturdy pair. The will not fit the claws of your hybrid form, but the will help protect the naked feet.''

William grabs and squeezes and feels around the bundle of the folded portal.

,,No,'' says Spear. ''Naked I am now.''

Dante, then Guide then the remainder of the pack steps down.

,,If you seek a cure, Don may know ways to rid-'' says Dante.

,,It need not be rid of,'' say Spear.

,,Is it painful?'' says Dante.

,,Yes,'' says Spear.

,,You have many questions,'' says Kirra.

,,Knowledge helps the warrior find peace through enlightenment,'' says Dante.

,,Or war from questions,'' says Spear.

,,Well, truth be told,'' says Dante. ''I have also heard tales from people in the town near the canyon. They say there be dwarven wererats haunting the mountain tops.''

Spear, Guide, Dante, Kirra, Jan, Minst, Myst and William step, bend, duck, crouch through the curving, winding, twisting tunnel down through the rock.

,,There's a town near the canyon entrance?'' says Minst.

Dante glances as he crouches under outcropping of rock. ,,There is a town. Now more of a village. Many of the people we met on our way through the land had their wagons packed to roll over the  mountain pass. There had been those wanting to remain and refusing to leave their homes from the fears of the goblins, so I can only pray their wits convinced themselves to lead to logic and leave or that they remain to shine goblin horde approaches.''

,,And the rumors. The people. What's the town's name?'' says Minst.

,,The people felt me scarred of the canyon. I pleaded with the few remaining leaders and those packed to travel the pass once the snow melt to follow us into the canyon. And though the rumors were many to one that feared and spread through the town and in the only bar that remains is the fear the dwarves and becoming a dwarven wererat."

,,Were there rumors of Blue and these,'' Minst glances at Guide. ''And the forest warriors?''

,,I think now and I remember hearing stories from a couple near drunk from the spirits try to spill their tales over the base of talk of dwarven wererats with loud talk, but many, including myself, ignored the drunk yelling to hear tales of large rats and human rats killing chickens and cows. Attacking their kin. The stories always told to them by a friend of a friend." Dante pause and crouches to crawl as Guide crouches to crawl then stand then walk then say, ''The town's name is Lyno.''

,,And how does this Lyno sustain its existence?'' says Minst.

,,Farming and trade.'' Dante glances at Dante. ''Before all the trade was scarred away from  the coming horde.''

,,Where is the horde?'' says William. ''You've told us of the journey here. We have seen the travel and the fight to the canyon. Why do you believe the goblins let you leave or have yet to attack the town.''

,,If I were as wise as a sage I may have ways to inlighten. However, I am no knowledgable to the ways of goblins then I am of what makes a goblin happy. I only know days after breaking through  the front the small group chasing returned as they neared.''

Danyt says,,,Had any of the village seen goblins when you arrived\?''

,,Yes, but only the ones on the distant farms. And at best the witness only seen shadows and heard  the noise.'' says Dante.

Dante steps with the pack.

William peers away.

Minst says as Kirra put bow in other and step over rock sticking from stone surface, ,,The burning of the tower. The fall of the town.'' He looks back to Myst and William then forward to stare with Spear for a split second. ''If my caculations of rotations and cycles are correct, the burning of the tower near be the time of when hte goblins stopped their pursuit.''

,,I know not of the calculations, but if you tale is true and if the reason you speak be the reason for those creatures to allow us to live.'' He stops and pause and looks at Spear, KIrra, Jan, Minst, Myst and William. ''If it be true then I thank you.'' he ducks and steps after Guide.

They step with ducks and steps and bending at waist as the silence of the words weight on the minds then spreads from the mind to the body.

,,Maybe they fear the tales of wererat dwarves infesting their ranks,'' says Dante.

,,Only if they are infected with ignorance,'' says Myst.

,,I mean no offense to Spaer or any being who may change its form,'' says Dante. ''I only convey the ignorance from fear of a town near the edge of ruin with the belief of the dwarves.''

Spear looks at Dante and nods. His bare feet numb against the cold stone.

,,The question of the were dwarves and the tales from the town are a curious matter,'' says Dante.

Drums taps play against the breathing of the cool thin air.

All stare down the scabbard lite tunnel with its twisting and shirning and expaning walls and ceiling. Their sight bounces and sweat is wiped from faces.

Guide stares and follows Spear's step. Guide's bare feet step over stone and warm the path for Kirra's boot.

The pack walk down then level then up then down. 

Kirra steps down and around a turning step to a slop. Sweat sting her eyes. Her chest burns.
,,Are we near an exit?''

,,Yes,'' says Guide.

,,Do you know if there are dwarves living in this rock or near?'' says Dante. He steps with deep breaths. ''Could there be wererats near?''

Guide looks back, says, ,,Yes,'' then steps down.

The words fade. The steps talk.

Silence surrounds.

William says, ,,Why all the questions about wererats and dwarves?''

Dante steps down stairs then a slope then over a pump. ,,I have sent men along the mountain trail to seek it's destination.'' He steps and ducks. ''I will send women and children along that trail if the goblins enter the canyon before the snow melts. Any information I can use to help guide their paths or know their fate would be a great gift. I know town rumors and lore  are more false the truth, but given the grave situation with people whose lives I help live any truth will assist us to survive the next day.'' Dante breates deep and wipes sweat from head with a neckerchief. "I have also talked to Don about your armor and the runes.'' He lets words fade. ''They are dwarven.''

Myst looks back at William.

William looks at Minst.

They stare.

Minst's head hits.

Kirra looks forward. She feels the questions. She jerks head back and shrugs then squeezes waist between a narrow opening. 

Jan laughs. ,,An illusion this could all prove to come.'' Her laugh hits a cord in Myst's minds.

A string virbrates in Myst's mind. Her hand falls upon the drum top and taps.

The sound of drum taps match a pace of the packs step.

,,If Dante is an illusion then I will never caste another spell,'' says Minst.

,,I would then wonder if I am illusion,'' says William.

,,Maybe we are all illusions?" says Spear.

,,An illusion beyond all illusions,'' says Minst. ''Because if Dante is an illusion then the warriors and the people are an illusion. If they are illusions then Blue and all the animals are illusions. If they are illusion then it is more likely we are still trapped in Branch's lair lost on the large plush bed.''

,,Why couldn't only Dante be an illusion,'' says William.

,,The fact Blue speaks with Dante,'' says Jan between breathes. "Is proof.'' She laughs with Minst.

Minst wipes sweat from forehead. ,,What if the lich or Blue are scrying upon our conversation waiting for use to tell?''

,,What of Guide?'' says William.

,,Blue knows,'' says Jan.

Smiles and rushes of joy after laughter flow away. 

Myst hits her drum. 

The pack walks through the hall.

The Spear says, ,,A wererat dwarf sacrifced life to save me.''

Before Spear, the path forks.

Spear stops and says, ,,What way?''

Guide steps and rubs against the wall and walk down the hall ducking then turning to the side to fit through the path to the right.

Spear steps and walks. 

Myst taps drums.

Minst touches spine of spell book.

William grabs the pocket.

Spear says, ,,It was then I was scratched.''

,,Upon leaving the burning goblin tower we entered the mountain through the sewer.'' says William. ''We were found. We were brought taken to quarintine. Before we were allowed to leave, our friend.''

,,Your friend,'' says Myst.

,,My friend had stolen a family dagger. There was a trial. Our punishment was service to the vein. During the time, we found the tower was to rebuilt and learned mre than one could hope.'' William stops to croch to follow Myst's crawl to the narrowing tunnel then stands and speaks. ''After our time was served, we were lead to  a cove in the mountainside as it would have been futile to leave where we come having found and shown the tower we had burn had been rebuilt and seen the campires spread and span through the canyon.''

A path spands from the tunnel then another as they walk on.

William continues the tale. ,,We left the cove. We were attacked. We fled along the mountain side while the trail behind us crumbled.''

Another path spans from the tunnel.

,,Are they hostile?'' says Dante. ''The dwarves you met.''

,,No,'' says Myst.

,,The are beautiful,'' says Jan.

Myst breathes feeling his burning lungs cool as he fills lungs with cool air. ,,Yes, they are all these things, but they of course like all other being the are suspicious of those from different lands.''

Guide steps from one tunnel to another. The chissle marks disappear. Walls become boulders and rocks stacked and sealed with dirt. 

William slips on loose rocks. ,,I can not promise if you need a safe place Han will help, but he will provide a warm meal and a place to sleep if your intension are good.''

The turn the bend.

Light shines then brightens as they each step and bend to a cave.

The cold air blows a soft breeze over skin. The cold air clears the dense and damp breaths. The cold air pumps the heart and pushes the mind to feel free.

Jan smiles, and Kirra feels the pull of the scent of pine.

Dante stops. Spear stops near the light from the opening. Guide pauses and stares forward.

Dante says, ,,Thank you for the trust.'' He stands and looks through the light to William, Myst, Minst then Jan, Kirra and Spear. ''I will keep your tale one told after I leave the canyon.''

Spear nods and steps from dark to light.

The blue sky and white snow glow with sun light.

The trees caste shadows from snow to rock. Wind blows trees and snow mist. The snow mist sprays from shadow to light to the rock, the wind, the skin.

Spear's barefoot prints in snow lead to Spear standing. The snow mist pokes cold over skin.

Spear roars...

...The roar echoes.

Bird flap and beat from bushes.

The roar echoes...

Guide stands by the entrance of the cave. He steps from the opening and walks to its tops as Dante, Kirra, Jan, Minst, Myst then William step to the sun and the sky and the mist.

Dante smiles. His hand grabs his trumpet and lifts from hock and loop. He looks up and stretches. His chest expands with his deep inhale then deflates with exhale. ,,I feel like we've been in the mountain for days.

,,We were,'' sayd Kirra. She steps past Dante from Jan and runs through the snow. He sight forward scanning the open patches of groun around tree bases. Her body feeling the chill and smelling the ice, the sun, the trees, the pine needles.

Jan watches Kirra run through the snow. She smiles and pulls her cloak closed covering the naked part. 

Her body grows cold and the cloak dark. Her pack slides from shoulders to ground then her cloak fall to ground in a pile of algea. Her naked body warms. 

Jan grabs her pack and walks with staff to the trees.

The pile of black algea covers back.

Minst watches the algea spread around the pack and looks way from Jan to Myst. He smiles. He smiles against the small pain beating with heat through arm. ,,Cold.''

,,Yes,'' says Myst. She blushes. The foot falls of Jan sings to her soft drum beats, and myst steps away and to the trees with a humm to the foot falls.

William steps from cave, grabs the and says, ,,Shall we pull our armor from the void and don it.''

,,While I would like to present myself as I am,'' say Dante.

William grips his hide pocket feeling the folded protal. He feels the cold dry the sweat. He shivers and resists the needs to run arms.

Fineal cries and flies above.

Dante looks to sky and follows Fineal. ,,I need to speak with the Diamond Warriors. It may be best for you and the pack to leave for I may have a few warriors who are understandably going to refuse to remain whether because of doubt or my failure,'' says Dante.

,,The scroll,'' says Minst. ''The alteration scroll.''

Fineal cries and flies above.

''I've lost. I didn't get it back.'' Minst looks at William. "William we need to return. Kirra, Jan, Spear, we need to go back to the.'' He touches the spine of his spell book through the foldes of hide coat and armor. Then he takes the bottom off his dagger scabbard, pulls out scrolls and thumbs through. ''It's not here. I had it.''

,,All may return for food and rest,'' says Dante. He looks from Willaim, to Myst, to Minst then the forest at Spear then Minst. ''You are not bound by oath or contract or honor to help correct out mistakes.'' He looks at everyone. ''You have helped us enough no matter our fate.''

Spear looks back. William looks at Myst then Minst. Myst looks at Minst the Kirra and Jan. Minst looks at Dante then Spear, Myst, William. Minst says, ,,I go with the pack.''

William smiles. He looks at Dante. ,,I believe we may be on our way. I for one feel it is time to find our way into the horde.''

Dante bows at William and the steps back and bows before Myst. ,,It has been an honor to sing.''

Myst humms and smiles and taps he drums. She bows head.

The mist blows and the trees sway. 

Fineal cries and flies away. 

The sun gleams from the trumpet of Dante as Dante lifts it and blows.

The trumpet blow flows low then high through the trees and around Spear.

Spear feels the note warm the cold burning into his bare feet and spreading from the slits in cold. Spear hears the 

The trumpet blows, and Jan walks slow savoring each step and each speck of snow dust brushing body. She walk over the snow and into the trees feeling the energy thrust and push and warm her body and mind. 

The trumpet blows, and Kirra runs against the wind and runs where the snow is bare. Then she slows to lean and grab a straight stick. She steps and looks through the tree tops and sees darkclad beings following her way.

The trumpet blow flows to silence.

Minst's body becomes tense the shakes. He his eyes grow wide like fright of dragon has overcome his will.

Dante lowers trumpet. ,,Is there danger?''

,,Where's?'' Minst steps in a circle and hie looks left to right and in pack and then drips pack. ''The plate. The disk. The teleport disk?'' Minst looks at William. ''Where is it?''

Myst humm tones low and deep.

William's smiles and lifted face sinks. ,,Do you have when we left the camp?''

,,Yes. Yes.'' Minst looks through the trees. ''I don't know. I can remember having the disk after the battle. I had it. I had it. But now.'' He touches and holds his spell book. He scratches his head. ''We should return. It's in the camp. The tent!''

William smiles and says to Dante, ,,A feast it will be.''

Dante smiles and raises horn, but before he blows... 
 
William raise palm to mouth to form a funnel for the shout that is near singing, ,,To camp we go to find the disk once held by Minst! We will all be welcome to dine on a feast to feed the beast of our hunger.''

Spear stands near trees edge. He shrugs and tips head back. 

William's voice travels

Jan stops walk and stands. Her dark skin dim with the shadows of trees. Her voice high and calm and warm to hear. ,,I will wander to the feast.'' She looks away and steps  through the trees. She sees Kirra and feels the pulling and flowing and pressing and massaging of the force of nature.

A small raccoon runs over snow and stares and Jan then runs over the snow toward Kirra.

Kirra hears the song of William and stares from the black shade figure hidden in  a tree top to a distand reflection of light from metal. She steps back and against a tree trunk and watchs. 

William's song lyric sounds fade, and Kirra hears the clink of metal. She doesn't hear Minst say sorry.

,,Sorry,'' says Minst.

William puts arm on Minst's shoulder. ,,There is no need to be sorry. I afterall lost my pack during our flight from the arrows and darts.''

,,And we are all at fault for we all know of its importance,'' say Myst as she deepens the thumps on drums.

Dante looks from Myst to William. ,,The food and rest is shall be.''

Myst smiles and humms. The humm spreads and warms William and Myst and plays with the cords flowing in mind. She steps toward the snow and after Dante.

Dante lifts the trumpet and softly blows.

William's guantlet fist grips then relaxes and he sends the song voice of, ,,To the camp we will be. A teleport disk we see. For for you will later be!''

Myst looks at Dante and winks.

William's hand relaxes.

The humm, trumpet and short lyrics a heard by Spear and Jan and Kirra.

Spear steps into the trees. Then he pause and looks to Guide. 

Guide sits still on rock. His body still and cloths blend into the rock. 

Spear steps away. He walk through the snow seeing threes, brush and rock along the rock wall and the trees as Jan stands naked with the trees.

Jan kneels to look at a plant... 

Kirra hears the singing and spreaks out of key, ,,There is one of Blue standing in limb in the tree above and group of warriors wearing metal armor through
the trees."

The words become lyrics with the song played by William, Myst and Dante.

Dante steps with a low blow with quick toots and pushes through trumpet then a long wail the ends with Mysts drum beats and humm and squeaks like a violin.

Spear hears the song squints agains the glare of the lights from the snow. He closes his eyes and lets the music take his mind from the cold burning through feet from feet.

The snow around Spear's feet melts.

Jan feels Spear's heat spread over the plants. She smells and smiles tapping with the Myst's drum tap. She looks at William, Myst, Dante and Minst and smiles. Her naked body feeling the pulls of the wind.

Minst feels a pin prick. He jumps and pulls a small shaft of a dart from the forearm of his hide armor.

The wind plays with branch and...

Dante points through the forest and commands with the song and to the lyric. ,,There may be peace of the warriors on and all pledge to protect each leaf.

Williams steps and sings, ,,Forth we go if we please. If we be. The love of being...''

,,If we live...'' humms from Mysts oral violine.

Energy flows from Dante, William and Myst flows forth...

Kirra feels through the flow of the song and focus the notes upon the being above and the group of armored warriors crunching and
snapping through the snow.

The group a band of warrors whear chain mail and breast plates. Their shields silver and bronze. Their swords glimmer between the shadows casting.

The being above watches the warriors walk toward Kirra, the tree and it.

Kirra looks through trees and peers at Guide.

Guides sits still on rock above the cave.

Spear follows Kirra's Stare and looks to Guide then to William then he pulls and holds hammer and pick... The pick swings with arms sway feeling no more pain nor drain of blood... Sweat does drip to the snow patch blows

The snow patchs raise near limb tips and lower to rimgs of pine needle and dirt and leaf before three.

The three sings and the cold wind feels to warm as the mind thinks with beat of heart.

As Jan's feels the roots then the trunk then the tips of pine needles.

As Kirra kneels and pushes knife from wrist and picks up two straight sticks. She stands not with the song but with the clink and scrape of armor stepping clumbsy through snow and mud.

The song sings and Minst feels to want to lead to Williams chorus that sings like a plea.

,,For the help we must all see. Our lives being one for peace to be,'' William carries the note with a soft blow on Dante's trumpet...

Tumpet quick toots sings with Mysts drum beats and humm and and swueak that sounds like a violin.

They step and step.

Willim hums long sustained humms lasting four beats of Myst.

Minst steps with four beats. He feels a clow in the cold wind blow. He feels slow, but walk fast behind Spear.

Spear peers at the group of five armored beings.

The five armored tree walk...

Kirra picks up another stick and peers to see the dark being not be above.

And Jan as a naked being sits in the snow letting the chill spread.

The song and singing pack walk past pushing and pulling a soothing soft energy that calms her body exicted with the feeling through the tree.

Wind blows around and through and to the high stepping warriors clad in hide and plate armor.

Dante lowers the horn and begins to walk by Spear and toward Kirra. His steps wide and true and paces with Myst's drum beat and Williams humm.

Myst steps with Dante find her walk find the singing in mind beginning to tell her mind to sing the people of the camp and threes become one. In her mind she sees the music beat to roar to a furred beast like a lion the size of a bear roar with rage then tamed to silence to feast.

The sun glimmers between the shadows. The glimmers flow with Williams up and bump and hit with Myst's drum then form to create the sparkle ofo a beast running through the trees between

,,Did I see something?'' says and sings William.

,,Yes,'' says Myst. ''It is the beast of Reighn.''

The glimmers sparkle and spread through and into the wall of trees.

Kirra sees the glimmer, but sees the sun shine slow and shift down. She sees the branches shaking were once of the woods still. She steps and looks to the ground picking up straight wood stick around the base of trees. She glance through the trees to see the naked body of Jan.

Jan's naked body parts the wind then pulls it together. She sees the shimmer of the Beast of Reighn flow through the forest and feels the pull and push of its force then feels like a shock its discourse of Blue. 

The wind blows cold and wolfs how and mid day becomes. 

After the zenith of the arch, the packs spans.

Spear walks toward Kirra wearing only a loin cloth. He grips hammar and pick and grips handles, walks through the cold seeping through skin.

The song is sung and played until Guiide is out of side and the wall of trees close. The pack steps to the  soldier group. The pack and group slow steps and walk to a pause and a stare.

Breaths blow in white clouds from mouths. Spear's body steams. The breeze blows the steam and puffs of exhale.

Spear steps past Kirra as Kirra step crouched and tossing aside a cracked straight stick. 

The six guards lift knees higher, straighter and insyc with the beat of Dante's step. 

Dante's step follows pace of Myst's drum beat and William's humm

Above Fineal screams.

the scream then cry shoots and hits Minst's mind and parts the thought of the wind painting reliefs into the snow. 

Minst sees the scream push shapes from the tree limbs and bare brush sprouting from the snow drifts. The scream pulls through head and over spin. Minst twists the body and bends back follwoing the flow if Fineal's scream. A scream the pull is sight to extend and contract then bounce pack and forth through tree toward warriors. ,,Warriors,'' says Minst near a whisper.

Minst reaches for Wiliam. He steps wide, and the world boucnes and says. He slips and falls.

William stops his humm and looks from the warriors to the Minst. He grabs the folded portal in his pocket.

..Minst,'' says Myst as she kneels.

,,My spell book. My spell book,'' says Minst shoving had into an empty hide coat pocket.

Everyone stop step. The hands of warriors grab hilts and hold. They stare at Dante and Minst.

Kirra sees the dark clad being standing against the tree trunk near base. She glances at the falling and sprawling Minst and grips her bundle of sticks. ,,He' probably been rebricked by an needle.''

William hears and says, ,,The one in the tree is missing.''

,,No,'' says Kirra. ''The dark clad being is above.''

One of the six warriors pulls out a cross bows.

Dante says, ,,Hold.''

Minst flails and pushes arms to push back over snow. ,,My spell book.''

,,Minst, it is close,'' says Myst.

Kirra hears the dark clad being climb up tree.

People look and see...

,,Nothing,' says William. 

Minst pushes away from Myst.

,,Close, close, close...''

Myst's feels Minst's warm skin.

,,Run,'' Minst whispers. ''Run'' he says with tone.

Spear peers and stands before the fidgeting warriors. His flexed muscles pump from ripped hid coats.

The warrior holding the crossbow lowers the crossbow. Their has continue to hover over hilts.

Kirra hears the foor and body swish through tree above. She sees the snow chucks fall from another tree. Kirra says, ,,The dark clad is gone again.''

,,There is movement in the trees,'' says one of the soldiers.

The six soldiers look at Dante. 

Dante focus upon all at once, ,,Has a runner been sent to assemble the men.''

,,Yes,'' says one of the warriors standing at the front. His a ring of stringy hair hands grom cap helmet of bronze. His iron breast plate reflects bits of sun.

,,RUUUUUUUUUUN!'' screams Minst as he turns and crarwls.

Dante keeps his talking as Myst lets her voice sing a progressive tone and a steady soft beats.

The song spans and takes the talk of Dante and creates a strength.

,,Go,'' says Dante. ''Lead our way to camp and lead the way for a hope for peace or the beginning of the war and another fight.''

The warrior pushes back hon is metal cap and nods. He almost smiles seeing Dante stand before him. Tripping over tongue, he stumbles to a steady command. ,,About-face. Steady march. On guard. Step.''

Minst watches the tree tops and says, ,,They are everywhere...'' as the group of soldiers march through snow.

The cold wind blows over  Minst cooling the warmth of Myst's song of Reighn.

The soldiers step  from the pack and marches and steps through snow. 

,,Kirra has the root the poison is create,'' says Jan. Her naked body stands agains the wind and sway of trees. 

KIrra peers through the trees and into the shodows casting and connecting below the trees. ,,The root is not lethal.'' She looks at Myst then Minst. ''It will wear off. Check from broken arrow tips.''

Dante nods, ,,I need to address the warriors for their words and thoughts will give the people a path. And once we have that path we will follow. That may not be the path you follow. And if the warriors have not the will and desire to devot life to guarding these words for the time beyond the winter, then I fear your path will be choosen for you.''

William says after Dante stops speaking. ,,Danger or not. I wil return to retrieve the disk we left at the camp. Until that is found, we can not leave.'' He looks down at Minst then to Kirra and Spear letting his stare only glance over Jan. 

Spear slams his fist in palm. ,,I can help Minst sleep.'' He smiles. 

,,NOOOOOOOOOO,'' hollers Minst.

,,Maybe humor is not the best for the delusional,'' says William.

,,Calm to sleep,'' humms to a song Myst. ''Calm to seep.'' He humms and then sings, ''Came take a leap.'' ''Calm to keep.'' Her voice sings to a humm and a beat.

Minst calms. The fist of Spear falls to an open and as his body tingles. 

William smiles and his smile warms body to skin.

Snow flakes tickle and chill.

They stare at Myst and Minst as MInst calms and lays on the snow.

Minst's body begins to tremor and shakes. 

Myst stops the song and says with her hand rubbing from cheek to the back of his neck. ,,Calm Minst, and walk with us to warmth and calm and people.''

Minst looks from Myst to Spear to Kirra and William the Myst then Jan. He stares at Jan. His eyes hone and set. His eyes turn to meet.

Myst grabs Minst cold hand and guides into through the folds of his amror to touch the spin of the spell book.

Jan stand and stares back. She steps from the trees and toward the center of the pack then by Kirra.

Dante tries not to stare, but his sight is pulled to Jan's curved and voluptuous body. He turns and says, ,,My  warriors await our fate.'' And with back turned to Jan, he steps by Kirra and along the trail of the diamond warrriors.

Myst sings, ,,Will you walk with me?'' She smiles and stands letting both arm extend to Minst. 

Minst shakes and shivers and sits then slowly stands looking behind then at Myst then at Jan and smiles gripping spell book.

Jan walks after Dante, and Minst stare follows Jan.

William humms and grabs the pocket with the folded pocket. He sees a glimmer of light sparkle long the plane from tree to shadow to light leaving a trail of bells. He looks at Myst, who then smiles at William.

The bells fade as the glimmer disappears.

They walk.

Kirra grips her straight sticks and peers at Minst stare at Jan the walks through the trees walking to open spots of ground picking up straight sticks.

Minst grabs Mysts hand and pills. Myst stumbles with weight. William humms and sings and lifts minst up, throws and arm around. 

Minst tenses, pushes, shivers and squirms saying, ,,No, no, no, no...'' with chattering teeth.

Myst's voice sooths with a, ,,Shhhhhhhhhh, now let be.'' William puts Minst's arm around his shoulders and lifts Minst at the waste. Myst sings. ''Come with me.''

Myst continues to say, ,,No, no, no, no, no...'' He closed lids press.

Spear's muscles flex and his jaw pumps and pulses. He exhales a blow of warm breath. ,,Spell casters.''

Kirra walks past then Jan. Spear smells Kirra's sweat and smoke fumes. His eyes wander upon Jan without hiding or regard as she walks past.

Jan's steps sure as the cold covets her body and pushes her mind further from the echo of life beating from her heart.

,,Minst, ollow Jan's naked body,'' says Spear. He laughs and lets the laught loose to a loud bellow of bass.

Minst opens and stares at Jan walking naked behend Dante. He steps.

Myst and William step with Myst, and they walk. William the bars of Myst's song.

Fineal screams. 

The shadows caste, connect and create darkness below the trees.

The blue sky spans above between the patches between the trees.

The six armored warriors lead before dissappearing and appearing from the wall of trees.

The trees spread and span hiding any trail or mark to show placement.

They walk and the song form Myst and William slows with the cold spreading through all.

Cold seeps through Spear from feet as feet burn, but remain the tan tone of flesh. Cold covers and caresses Jan and the snow around feet and wind around body create a whole being and blows Jan from her body. Cold chatters William's job stopping the humm with pauses and discourse to the warmfelt and must by Myst. Cold freeze focus forward upon Jan being warmed with dilusions  and the heat of passion of the naked desires playing in his mind.

Kirra stepping betwee Jan and Myst peers back keeping warm by the envy of Myst and exposure of Jan.

William's jaw chatters as he says, ,,Wha, wha, what are...'' He pauses and exhales a plume of heat from mouth. ''What are you going to say to the warriors,'' says William.

All walk. The snow crunches. The wind blows snow mist. Howls of winds blow through the canyon with howls of wolves.

The rush of water flows to and from hearing. It's trickle tickles the ears of Jan with joy warming her body as she floats around and above.

Dante's voice talks over the howls. ,,I know not the words to be spoke for I do not see the face of the warriors I will speak amoung. It will come once we are togehter. Then...'' He glances back to William. ''Then I will know, William.'' He looks forward. ''Then I will speak.''

Then they walk through snow and trees.

Blackclade beings step into and from the distant shadows and from the tops of trees.

The diamond warriors lead a path through the snow, but rocks, brush, trees and to the clearing.

The diamond warriors stand in the middle of the clearing in a diamond formation. (The two second in command) stand at the tip and the warriors spreads to span thirty warriors wide.

Dante steps from the treeline and blows on his trumpet.

The Diamond warriors cheer and raise their hands to touch tips of index fingers and tiops of thumbs
to form a diamond.

Jan's body stand at edge as her energy puses from the trees and through the canyon then out...and up. Her algea cloak flows over body and hangs like a robe. Her body stands like a zombie reacting to balance. The wind blows Jan into Jan's body and she smiles as Kirra stops to a stand near.

,,Cold,'' says Kirra.

,,No,,'' says Jan. Jan grabs Kirra's hand.

Kirra's cold hand warms. ,,I will follow you until life dies.''

Jan squeeze her hand.

The wind connects Kirra and Jan until the breath and heat of Spear steps near.

Spear's body burns with cold, but turn no blue nor purple of body freezing or frozen.

He puffs. ,,No need to walk to openning.''

,,Fools,'' says Kirra.

Spear laughs a low chuckle that last and spans after Myst and William pull, push and guide Minst from the tree line.

William slips on ice rocks fall. A jolt flashed into head.

Minst wobbles and stumbles, slips falls.

Myst stands.

The warriors lower their hand shaping the Diamond.

A glimer flickers over the iced tops of rocks to the flowing river the sparkes to the setting sun.

Soldiers stand still. Puffs steam from mouths. Ice singles hang from mustache

Williams steps before Grete and Han.

Don and Helithal stand from the diamond.

Fineal flies above.

,,What's going on?'' whispers Minst to Myst's ear.

,,We are standing,'' says Spear.

The pack stands at the edge of the forest. Spear grips hammer and pick and stands with back against tree and visions viewing above below and to the side. Kirra looks through the bundle of sticks tosses a couple to the ground. Jan flows through the trees and between branches and darkclad beings and the trees and over the rocks of the clearing.

,,The clearing,'' smiles Minst. ''Weren't we here? Wasn't there a battle.''

Myst smiles. ,,Yes, Minst.'' She stares and grips his hand. ''We must stand and watch for now.''

William peers for the glimmer over the snow and the metal amror of the Diamond Soldiers then over the snow tips of trees hiding darkclad beings.

A darkclad being leaps from pine tree to pine tree leaving a faint powered trail that blows Minst against Kirra's face. 

Kirra drops a stick with split along middle.

One then two then three blackcad beings run from tree to tree over branches.

Dante raises trumpet and walks through the soldiers staring and looking from soldier to soldier. ,,We have fought. We have bled. WE HAVE FELT PAIN THAT COULD NOT SHATTER THE  WARRIORS OF THE DIAMOND!''

The soldiers pound fists on shield.

Black clad beings stand with hand gripping staves, trees, branches. They walk quiet through the tree limbs and through the snow. Their bodies remain in the shadows.

Dante lowers trumpet, and the soldiers stop pounding on shields.

,,My fellow warriors I have been to the depths of this canyon's true inhabitants.''  His voice raise near a shout that spreads even to the ear from the soldiers to the  edge of the trees line.

Black clad beings step from trees and the brush. They appear thought the trees, branches appearing one my one as Dante Speaks. The stand within throwing distance of the pack and the soldiers.

The pack stands shoulder to hip as they stand and kneel along the tree line. Kirra kneels and inspects the shafts and sticks and glances and Jan and at the darkclad beings. Jan's body remains still. Her eye remain wide and focused forward like a zombie. Spear's feet and legs numb after the burn cools. He feels his hear pound.

Wind carries Dante's words like part of their nature.

Sun lights shines a burst of light illuminating the diamond of warriors standing in wooden and metal armor.

The glimmer glows from a beast with heads and legs the something of a fist the rises with the sun  beam.

William says, ,,Did you see the glimmer?''

,,Yes,'' says Myst.

The glimmer fluxes and shifts and twinkles with the strings and chimes playing in Myst's.

,,What do you seeeee,'' says Minst letting the word see span until he only says, ''eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee...''

,,Yes,'' says Myst. ''Yes, we see the glimmer of Reighn."

Shadows span and stretch to the soldiers of the diamond.

,,WE HAVE FOUGHT FROM SNOW CAPPED MOUNTAINS TO SNOW CAPPED MOUNTAINS,'' says Dante loud. He steps closer to the soldiers and says strong. ''We have fought through this snow.''

Soldiers part and create a path as Dante walks and slaps and graps shoulders covered with hide armor, studded leather, chainmail and plates. He stares from soldier to soldier passing words with the stare.

Fineal circles and harks for the dimming day.

Blackclad beings step near the pack and crouch in snow. Tens and hundreds appear along the rim.

Dante hollars, ,,WE,'' the lowers to strong voice. ''We have been given a choise of duty. We have been given a path to follow. Our path may lead from this canyon, it may lead to war, it may create peace. And give us the time to protect the familes and leave over the pass.''

Dante breaths a pillow of breath and walks slowly looking from eyes to eyes. ''We and our friends we met, but a day ago have found the being that is that which has been attacking us day and night and day without a path to peace, to safety.'' William begins walking from the soldiers. ''A peace we need to survive the winter time, so the people may walk their way and we may fight another day.''

Without queue, all the warriors lift their swords and shout then lower their swords, and say, ''FIGHT ANOTHER DAY\!"

Dante stares and stands before the diamond formation. 

The pack and the darkclad beings stand and stare.

William says, ,,We climbed into the depths of the ground and found niether a friend nor an enemy. We found  people feeling our fear for the coming storm. WE found people who have felt may cycles and rotations of people invading their land, this land, the canyon we are trying to make home. But for it to be out home, like any home, we must live with the people who control it. Or destroy those who control it.'' He lets his voice fade. He says loud, ,,We will not leave, but we may not live the  season.''

The soldiers cheer. ONe shouts. ,,WE WILL SHINE!''

Dante smiles and shrugs shoulders and jerk heads. ,,YES.''

The soldiers cheer, and Dante stands.

Darkclad being begin to pull blows darts from belts and bows from back.

Dante lifts the trumpet into the air.

The soldiers quiet and look at Dante.

Dante says with arm holding trumpet pumping into the air. ,,WE NEED NOT DIE TO SHINE! WE NEED PEACE AND TRUST! WE NEED TO PROTECT THE LIVES OF ALL OF DIAMOND'S CHILDREN!''

The soldiers roar and hit fist to shield.

William looks over the soldiers. He says with voice loud and covering. ,,And I have help find that peace during this mornings jouney. We,'' Dante opens arms. ''We may have peace. But we must earn out peace if we hope to help these people we protect to live.'' His head pivtos slow from soldier to soldier.

''We must give our lives to these people we have sworn to protect though we don't give our lives to battle, but to help protect this canyon.''

Soldiers murmur, and head pivot from ear to ear. Then soldiers quiet.

,,We have been given a choice. Leave! Stay and likely die taking the women and children with us. Or we can offer their request for peace. It is a request each of you must make for each of you are required to full fill our obligation.''

Dantes stands and stares. His breath billow and blows away.

The soldiers stand  and stares.

The pack stares and glances at the gathering darkclad beings. 

William watches the Glimmer ride the sun. ,,I see it. Again.''

The glimmer floats above the soldiers and twinkles along the snow tops for tree and mountain ledge.

Eyes glance forward. Heads to don't move.

The pack stands...

The black clad beings stand holding bows, blow guns, swords, knives and staves.

''Our obligation will be to protect and help preserve the canyon for five season cycles. Their obligation would be to allow all our people remain in the canyon until the snow melts. Then safe passage will be given to leave the valley and leave behind the goblin horde,'' says Dante.

The wind blows away the words. 

Everyone stands and stares. They wait and hear Dante begin to speak, but only hear their own anticipation.

Dante lifts arms above to and forms a diamond with hand. ,,If you are with me, show me a sign.''

Blackclad beings stand...

The pack stares...

The wind blows cold...

The soldiers all lift their arms and form a diamond with hands.





