Darkness is.

A shimmer becomes a flash becomes darkness.

Then light is.

Flat stone walls, ceiling and floor for a cube. The surface cold and free of marks. The area empty.

Minst, Jan, Kirra and Shake appear in the room. A shimmering outline of each fades. They step to wall. 

Shake's quick step momentum slows before all. He stops and turns around with dagger poiting it at Minst, Jan and Kirra. He tries to make words with mouth, but no sounds comes out. He tries to shout, but no sound comes out.

Minsts snaps fingers. Kirra taps wall. Jan nods head and shruggs shoulders and points to ears and pivots head side to side.

Silence is.

Kirra and Shake rub walls and floor. Minst lifts Shake from the ground and walks around allowing Shake to rub and knock the ceiling.

In silence they stare. They point. They shrug. They sit.

A flash is. 

William and Myst appear with a shimmering ouline. The shimmer fades. They look at each other then they look around the room and to the sitting compainions.

William shouts and Myst talks. William reach for the wall and being to rub hand over the surface.

Shake pivots head side ot side in slow sways wearing no expression.

William sighs a silent sigh then sits in the center of the floor.

Myst stands. Her lips moves with a smiles and grins then a frown then a nod. 

Minst, Kirra, Jan, Shake, William, Myst sit with backs to walls and stare at each other in silence.

The light blinks off. Nothing is seen.

The floor drops.

Minst, Kirra, Jan, William, Myst fall. Shake leaps from falling floor. He reaches the wall and sildes down it and falls.

They fall, hit and sink soft into ground. The ground rebounds slow rising them up.

Shake lands. His feet land on William's legs.

William screams out.  He rolls away and crawls. Hands and arms sink into surface.

,,Feel like pillow," says Myst.

,,At lease we can talk," says Minst.

,,Are you okay, William," says Shake.

,,I'll live." William maons and crawls and sinks and falls into the floor through the darkness. "But we can't see."  

,,We could crawl out from a point until one of finds and edge."

William sighs. ,,Yes, lets to that."

Kirra says, ,,I'm right here." She extends her hands into the darkness. She touches two being. "Whose this."

,,Jan."

,,Minst."

,,Here," says Myst crawling to Kirra.  She touches Kirra's foot.

,,Anyone feel any  magic," says Shake.

,,No," says Minst. ,,No," says Myst.

,,This doesn't feel natural," says Jan.

Shake snickers and laughs, ,,That worries me."

Shake crawls to Minst. William follows and sits.

The group moves and buts back to backs creating a circle.

,,Now." Kirra gets on hands and knees. "Lets see if there is an edge."

The reach and grab and pull across soft sinking ground. They crawl. Shake tries to walk but falls. Grunts, grumbles and muttering spread from their center.

A distant voice of Kirra says, ,,Anything?"

,,No." ,,Nay." ,,No." ,,No." ,,No." create a wide circles of no.

,,WHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEE!" shouts Shake.

The shout fades.

,,No echo," says Shake. 

,,Keep crawling," says William.

,,Open your eyes," says Carlos.

,,CARLOS?" says William.

,,Where are you?" says Myst.

,,Standing above your sleeping bodies," says Carlos.

,,Where are we?" says Kirra.

,,In your own minds," says Carlos.

Minst laughs.

,,MY EYES ARE OPEN," says Shake.

,,The blind rogue," says Carlos. "YOu will need to think about opening your eyelids. Things of being awake." 

Kirra, Jan, Myst, Minst, Shake, William blink. They lay on floor of cotton pilows. 

Spear and Carlos stand at edge of basin full of red, blue, pink, purple big and small pillows. 

Minst, Kirra, Myst, Jan, William and Shake lay at the center of pillow basin.They sit up and stretch. They blink and rub eyes.

Soft light shines through a canopy of silk sheet hang over the pillow basin.

Blue dome ceiling illuminates high above basin and canopy. White concentric steps rise from base of basin to a floor above.

,,Spear!" says William. William climbs and rolls to the edge of pillow basin and rolls to the ground. 

Kirra stands on the pillows and walks to the edige, ,,Where've you been."

,,Out." Spear smiles and steps to William. They hug and pat flat hands on back.

William smiles, looks to Carlos, ,,Where's Buckey?"

,,He's near. He's safe." Carlos nods. 

,,Where are we?" says Shake.

,,Heart," says Carlos. He steps up the stairs to the floor above.

Kirra jumps to floor. Minst, Myst, Jan and Shake crawl and step from pillow basin. 

Shake steps up the steps to Carlos and stands before Carlos.,,Now what?" 

Carlos huffs and clears throat. ,,We wait."

,,For WHAT!" exclaims Shake.

William, Spear, Minst, Kirra, Jan and Myst walk up the stairs.

,,Wow," says William. 

The room expands to a distant circular white wall capped by the blue dome roof arching high above. The white stone floor spans to the circlar wall.

Hundreds of large and small white square blocks and  long rectangle blocks hang from ceiling and rest on stone podiums, wood tables, metal shelves, solid rugs on floor. The block tops open to revieal a hollow space. 

Willaim scratches head and picks some dirt out. ,,What is this place." He walks over to a small podium with a long rectangle on to."

Carlos looks back to William. ,,Heart."

Willaim kneels and looks insto the rectangle block. Minature chairs and tables are pushed against the wall.

,,Are these what I think they are," says Minst.

,,The rooms and halls of Branching?" says Myst.

,,Yes," says Carlos.

The group walk to large and small cube block and rectangle blocks. They point and peer at minauture couches, sofas, beds, benchnes, candle stands, rugs, carpet pictures, tables, billards.

,,This is brillinant," says Minst.

,,Impressive," says William.

Shake reaches into a large cube and pulls out a small rug. ,,And what happens if I take some thing out."

Carlos pivots head side to side, ,,I don't know." Carlos walks away from the group. "I'm smart enough to be careful to play with other's toys." He looks back. "Hungry."

Carlos leads about steel and stone tables covered with blocks, under low hanging blocks floating by head by strings attached above, Through wooden shelves holding a row of small bocks on each shelve.

They walk to a floors edge and conectric circle stairs leading down to a table.

The table is covered by a platter with turkey flowing over stuffing. Apple and peaah pie steam near cheese and cracker platters. Rolls, twists and loafs of bread lay cut around a carnish of lettecue. A bowl of salad lay resting in a bowl of ice. Carafs  of wine and glasses of water rest at corners near plates.

They skips and stride down the steps. They graps fist of food. They bite chew and grab, swallow. Water jugs are grabbed and pour to mouths letting water flow from chin to neck to chest.   

Carlos sits atop the staircase and watch the feast. He shrugs, lays back and stairs at the shining dots of light above and stares at the blocks hanging above.

Minst, Myst, Spear, William, Jan, Kirra eat. Bits of food fall to ground. A bone pile grows on top of the plates. Bread crusts pulled and tossed aside. Pits of olives spit into glasses. Smears of grease and glaze and fruits juices spread from fingers and lips. to hands an dwrites and cheecks and chins. 

Spear looks pulls a turkey leg from mouth tearing off chunk between teeth. He feels a tingle along spine and looks to the top of the concentric staircase at Carlas

A tall humanid dressed in a gray robe stands behind Carlos.

Spear drops food, runs in leaps up the stairs.

Carlos stands and waves arms. ,,STAND DOWN!"

Spears leaps up become long strids and long strids become a walk then a stand by Carlos.

The group below drop food and stare at Carlos, Spear, and the tall and skinny humaniod. 

Carlos steps before Spear. ,,Calm."

,,WHO IS THIS!" shouts Spear. "Sick of all this witchery!"

William and Kirra stride up the stairs to Spear's side. Shake grabs plum. Jan grabs a pitcher of water. Minsts peers at the figure behind Carlos then looks around the room. Myst slow steps up the stairs.

,,Carlos," says William. He steps to a stand by Spear. He folds arms and levels stare at the humaniod behind.

Carlos looks up at the humaniod then to Spear, William, Kirra. ,,This is Branch."








