A stone giant as tall as a tree with limbs as thick as trunks castes a shadow from Guiles running down a gravel slope into the gave to the catapult sized loom.

Shake grips his glass shard and pulls the sheet woven wool from the giant roll. He stares at the mountain giant. 

The mountain giant's gray skin etched over cut features and smooth angles that peak and chin casting moon light shadows like mountian peaks.

The mountiain giant's Spear sized fist grips a rock. The mountain giant's other Spear sized fist holds a tree.

The mountain giant's body says and foot steps forward with fluid movements lifts lift tree and slam tree to ground crunching rocks to pebbles and pebbles to dust

Shake feels a slight vibration. Shake sees Guile's sihlouette in the dark run over a ridge down. Shake feels his burning feet begin to fade. Shake grips the woven wool sheet and runs at the mountian giant.

The mountain giant lifts tree trunk, steps, swing in an arch over the ground.

Shake runs with dagger and woll blanket. He runs over cold rock and thin ice. He runs with a leg cramping and a body freezing to leap as the tree trunk swoops toward his body. He land flat under fist of gaint swiinging trunk.

The boulder in hand falls toward ground as shake rolls and leaps to feet as boulder sprays pebbles and dust on Shake. As Shake swipes glass knife at the giants hand and misses.

The gaints slams fist to ground clipping Shakes shoulder creating the feeling like Spear was punched.

Shake stumbles and drops his glass dagger. He trips on the wool blanket and falls down a slope of pebbles and rock. He tucks head and shoulders and rolls chest to roll back and legs down the slop tumbling like jester down the rock slope into the darkness.

He shifts balance during roll to roll away from the gave and the hill gaint as he rolls through
 darkness with the wool blanket flapping and flopping and tangling Shake.

Snaps and crunches of the glass water bottle, food containers and two crystal vases in the pillowcase back cause Shake to crinch as much as the pain throbing and thumbin from shoulder.

The pebble become grass. The grass chips and flackes ice spray over shake.

A boom and thrash, crash, bang sounds and sprays on Shakes as Shake rolls to a stop.

Guile hollers the whisper, ,,HERE.''

Shake rolls to a stand. He pulls knott on pillow back, grips wool sheet and runs throw the frost frozen grass. 

A Shadows caste over the grass from rocks and boulders adn twisted trees. The shadows caste cover the edges of the moon lite grass field that spans unit grass straw become grass stubble and piles of shit cruch under Shake's  feet.

Shake looks back.

The mountain giants step from the slope of pebble to the edge of the grasp pausing only to grasp a boulder

Shake looks forward. 

Guile's head appears form the shadows at the edge of the moon light grass.

Guile stands and stares at the giant and inhales and exhales the shivers from arms and legs. He peers at the giant then loose sight to darkness with pulses of light where the boulder crashes, crumble and sprays, of the grunt of the mountian giant. He peers through the darkness with the light until there is  no sight. 

His mind shout and forms the image of an drill twisting from mind to the stone giaint growing from the shadow and the pulses of light. The drill shoot to the shadow head of the giant and begins to twist and turn.

A low moan creates a glow of light in the shadow world of the minds.

The moan spans and echoes.

Shake hears the moan and runs faster then glances behind.

The stone giant lowers head and waves stance. The hand holding a boulder lowers.

Shake runs.

Guile focuses the mental drill upon the shadow head of the giant...

The mountian giant groans and shouts.

The shout pings Shake's hearing peircing pain and causing him to stumble and fall.

The shout shatters ice.

The shout blinds Guile's minds and as the mental shadow of the giant head butts the drill shattering the projection and pushing Guile to his knees.

Guile feel light, faint, then falls to ground.

Shake runs from the light to the shadows and grabs Guile on knee. ,,GO.''

Shake's pull on Guile's shirt jerks him to a stumbling stop. ''Guile.''

The mountain giant stumbles and hand puts hand to ground.

Guile sees only dark and feels a ring deafen and numb. 

,,MOVE,'' says Shake looking at the mountain giant.

The mountain giant stands, wobbles and lifts rock. His head nods then stares.

Shake grabs and pulls on Guile's shoulder.

Guile falls to hand and knees then crawl through darkness.

''RUN!'' hollers Shake. Shake runs.

Guiles stands, steps. 

The stone giant lifts rock then falls to knee.

Guile smiles and walks through the grass to a Shake standing in the shadows caste by a boulder. ,,You harmed.''

Shake holds shoulder and wool sheet, ,,Shoulder was grazed.''


