John the Goblinkin stands nearly half the height of Runtik with his hobgoblins hunch archs shoulders and neck like a starving man hovering over found food. John of the Gobilnkin bends head back and looks at Runtik. His steps back into a dim room leading with a cackle laugh that causes a rush along Runtik's spine. ,,You enter, Runtik. We wait for you.''

Runtik looks along the streets and steps inside the door way. Her eyes go dark as they adjust from bright sun to a dim cool room. 

The steel door slams and a lock bar slides into boths sides of the wall. 

A small globe glows from a glass desk. The glow illuminates stacked sacks, boxes of the same size; large water blatters and a case of swords and shields haing near the wall of the iron door.

John of the Goblinkin leads Runtik from the room and into darkness. 

The glowing glow in room dims. 

John of the Goblinkin grabs another steel door and slams it shuts. A steel bolt slides. ,,Why you here, Runtik?'' He steps thorugh the darknes. ''YOu lose the silver hand or is he dead?'' He snort. 

Runtik steps fter the sound of Johns's scratchied voice. ,,They entered the white city with the constables.''

,,You did not follow?''

,,Their was a constable at the gate I know. The silver hand talked with the Major that tied to get the silver hand into the constables.''

,,You guide them away and through oasis. You take them to Shiptik.''

,,You want me to take them to shiptik. They will not follow.''

,,You take them.'' John the Goblinkin stops step in the dark. ''You take them to shiptik then to Lovetik.'' John breathes through nose. ''You see.''

,,Yes.''

John the Goblinkin cackle laughs. ,,It's like John is part of the mine trust.''

The cackle pokes Runtik's muscles to twitch and fist to clench to hit.

BRIGHT LIGHT GLOWS. A second door opens.

John the Goblinkin steps into the light and heat.

The bright light dims to a court yard in the center of a tall stone wall, stone buildings and a tower that rise double the height of the walls. The walls are two stories tall and surrounds the buildings. The buildings and walls surround a court yard. A stone barn rises with its large barn doors. In the court yard, empty wood carts park side to side along a stone wall.

Runtik steps to the court yard.

John the Goblinkin shuts door and turns a wheel and another wheel and slides two bars in to school.

Fumes of oxgoblin shit fume air and feel to rub agains skin.

Runtik stands, looks at John, says, ,,I am excited for my visit.''

,,You are excited.'' John steps and walks to a stone buiding to the Wax side.

Runtik grins with teeth and follows John.

John leads to an iron door of the stone building.

The stone buiding rises two levels. A single iron door hangs in the middle of the stone building.

John grabs a still handle and pulls a ring of keys from his worn leather belt. He fumbles a key to fingers and key in hole. He opens the door, coughs and spits to the sandstone ground.

Runtik steps through doorway.

John follows, shuts door, locks door, says,  ''You are here. You shouldn't be here. You need to be in Shiptik.''

,,YOu know about the hundreds of dead in the last wagon train. You put them in the fifth tunnel. You lead them to the desert,'' says Runtik. Her eyes adjust to the dim golden glow from a fist sized ball.

The light illuninages an opens stone room. The roof rises tall to wooden rafters and a hanging purple banner. A portarate of a robed hugoblins and sitting posed hands over a fireplace. A carpet lays over granites floor. Wooden tables and chairs reast in corner near a book case. The light lillumnates away the dark through two archway to the Rise and Wanes of Runtik.

John cachle laughs. ,,I didn't lead. I follow. I do as I say.'' He stands in the stone room. ''Ghhrend's plan. Ghhrend don't want two silver hands near. He has armorto transport and sell.'' He points to Runtik. ''You wanted to take one.''

Runtik smirks then smiles, winks. Her voice speaks from bass hauntity to high pitched whiny, ,,Ohhh, I do like other's plans.'' She walks before John.

John of the goboinkin walks after Runtik and says, ,,YOu have problems. You have the contract. You get job done.''

Cool blows through. 

,,The job is joke. It is a distraction. I need more information or I need to renegotiate our contract. You terms didn't cover wizeard fireballs large enough to gills a train and a cleric I meed to talk with who be here.'' She walks ttrough the arch to the rise into a short hall that leads to the door, before the door, to the Wane and along another short hall. Light shines from hall and breeze blows through hall.

Love grabs door handle. She looks at John of the Goblinkin. She smirks and pivots head side to side, opens door.

John of hte goblinskin says, ,,You go speak your mind. You think you get new contract.'' He cackle laughs as runtik steps through doorway and downstairs.

The door shuts out the cackle laugh and light and leads to darkness.





