Goblin hordes runs in a row North to South Splashing, crashing, snaping, shouting, hooting hitting sticks and swords on trees, mounds of rocks, piles of dirt, weeds, plants flower and the ground.

Buckey blusters and snorts and nods to the East.

William rubs Buckey's nose. 

,,We can't go South," says Kirra. She pulls an arrow from quiver and notches.

,,And we won't make it East," says Spear.

,,South East," says Jan. He begins to walk through the forst. "We can find some place to hide."

Myst looks at William and steps toward Jan. 

William nods. He looks at Buckey. ,,Buckey you should run. We will meet you in the valley."

Buckey shakes head. Clomps hoves and steps after Jan and Myst.

Minst quick steps with William behind. 

Carlos runs past. Spear and Kirra follow the pace.

They run. They run between the trees and plants. They run up mounds around trees. Under fallen trees.

William's foot grabs a plant. William falls to the ground. His sword tumbles away. 

Carlos grabs William helps them up.

They run behind. ,,WE NEED TO HIDE," says Myst.

Goblin shout and cries feel to pass over them. The slash and crash and bang againt plants and grounds deafen the steady drum beat. 

William looks back. 

Distand dots of goblins thrash and crash through weeds and brush. He looks East through the trees by trees by trees between rocks, mounds of dirt and hills with edges.

William hollars, ,,WE NEED TO HIDE!"

Flock of birds fly above then rise and swirl to the sky.  

,,CLIMB!" hollars Spear. He leaps over brush and side steps a boulder.

,,NO!" hollers Minst.

Kirra looks side to side. She sees a matted circle of weeds. A paor of bear paws track from the weeds. She steps mud paws. ,,THERE IS A BEAR AROUND HERE!"  She points to the mounds of dirt here and there. "THE MOUNDS MIGHT BE PUSHED DIRT." She runs near a mound. She lunges body into dirt mouth pushing off top and landing on the other side.

The ground sinks and bounces. 

Kirra's hand sinks through ground. "TUNNEL!" She waves arms. "SOMETHING BURROWED TUNNEL." She pulls out short sword and stabs ground.

The sword sinks to hilt.

Myst and Minst run past. 

Jan slows steps and stops. 

Spear looks back and hollars, ,,NO TIME." He stops, grabs, Kirra. Kirra looks up then looks over the toppled mound.

Specks and dots of globin run and jump. Claw and push through the forest to them.

Kirra stands and follows Spear forward.

William, Carlos and Buckey run by Spear and Kirra. 

,,FASTER!" hollars William.

The word lost in the goblins dissonances. The drums beat hard and fast. 

Drumms from the South joins the drums from the North.
 
Kirra sees the dirt mounds and pumps of dirt leading to a steep and stount hill in a small clear of trees. Kirra lifts and waves her bow she runs from dirt mound to dirt mound to the stout hill.

They follow Kirra as she runs, jumps and side step from mound to mound.

Weeds and trees cover a vegitation covered  mound rise steep and high from the ground. Rocks and boulders tops poke between moss and large faning leaves. Thick vines hang from tree to tree.

William steps. His foot falls into ground. He falls and stumbles. His sword flies from hand. His body sinks into ground. 

Carlos grabs William

Spear looks back, sees William, steps to William and pulls William from ground. 

Buckey whinnies barely heard above the cackles and snaps and shouts and the foot rumble horde.

William, Spear, Carlos and Buckey run to the vine and vegitation covered mount hill.

Kirra, Jan, Myst and Minst slow to a deep slow stride through woven weeds and vins. Each step breaks and snaps vines and vegatation. Kirra swings sword cutting hanging vines and large leafs cutting a path to the mount. 

Feet sink into slop and pop out covered in mud. 

William, Spear, Carlos and Buckey kick and step after Kirra's chopped trail pushing asid branches and leaves sinking and settling behind Kirra, Jan, Myst and Minst.

Minst stops. Myst looks at Minst.

Minst pivots head side to side. ,,I DON'T LIKE WHAT I FEEL!"

A slow sense of pressure presses upon everyone. The pressure releases and pulls away open and uncertain understanding...

Kirra stops. ,,I FEEL IT TOO." She steps back and grabs Myst's shoulder. "FIGHT THE FEELING OR FIGHT THE HORDE!"

Myst looks arond Trees and vines cover and hide beyond reach. 

Wiliam's stomach feels to shake. He leans over and slows run to jog to walk. His stomach drops.

Puke sprays from William's mouth

William trembles and feels cold. 

A flash of shadow spreads from vines and trees.

,,Did you see that." William

Carlos slows run to a job, and he grabs William passing. William looks up and stumbles over some vines. 

The ground is covered with vines and wide leafed flowers.

William spins and looks up. "I don't know if we-"

,,WHAT!" says Carlos. He grabs and pulls William. 

Spear and Kirra hack and chop vines as thick as Jan's staff.

Minst ducks and steps around, jogs, shoves hand in sack and pull out a small bag in the chape of shpere and a rope tied wour top and a wourd a piece of dark string sticking from top.

Jan looks from a dead racoon to dead cranes, and two dead snakes speard between the grass, flowers vines and wide green leaves. She smells rotten flesh and musky fur. Small pieces of snakes scale float in water fill foot prints pressed in plant leaves and vines.

Distant dense cypres sway with rumble rage of goblins pulling vines and tearing of leaves. Their scream a rush to push away the wine. The drum beat deep below threshold of sound as it passes through body.

Carlos pulls William, and Buckey nudges William, and Willam quick steps with Carlos and Buckey.

Myst inhales and exhales. She steps fast and on a piles of rotted plants. The dark goop lifes with step.
,,That's a sign of the fear I feel deep inside Reighn. That's how I can define my feeling I feel right now. A dark goop of decayed plant, but the plant is the core and spreading evil emotion..." She talks and stops when a branch whips back at her face. And talks some of the feeling and the sound.

Spear and Kirra step fast hacking and slashing btween tres. The slash past two more mounds of dirt. They slash over two dead goblies. Their heads missing and bodies rotted flesh and muscle.

The plants beneath Minst sink and drop. He falls and stumbles landing on plant covered pile fo rotted goblin flesh and bone.

Carlos and Spear grab Minst and pull him from plant and dirt.

A piece of goblin fless falls of Minst and he stumbles agains a mound of mud and stands and steps and jobs through plants behnind Carlos and before William. 

The goblin cries and shouts surround. Trees beyond the deep shake vines and leaves shaking trees. The loud beat of drum is everywhere.

,,THEY'VE SURROUNDED," hallers Carlos.

,,WHY AREN'T THEY OVERTAKING US?" hollers William.

,,NO," hollers Carlos.

Myst says quieter than the goblins cackles and shouts and bank of stick up tree trunks and rock and the low drums. ,,Please bless us."

Jan hollars. ,,THEY ARE AFRAID." She looks at Myst.

A clam speads through William. His trembling from the cold darkness felt with in warms to balance the body with the mind. Spear calms and guides his sword to create a path and not to reveal what is hidden. Minst puts the sphere small bag with a stiff dark string from top back into sack.

Kirra slices short sword severing a vines.

The vines drops. Leafes float and slide to ground.

A pile of boulders and rocks covered in moss and plants frame a cave. 


