,,For the small shield, we quest,'' says William. He throws a dart. ''For one who murdered my father, I will seek.''


,,That's ten gold and cost of the cover if I hit this bullseye,'' says a stout barrel chest dwarf. The dwarf's braided beard soaks with ale pouring from mug into his mouth. The dwarf slams the ale mug upon the table sitting a slouched human peaking through his own eyelids.

,,I haven't got ten gold in my pocket," says the slouched human. He slams fist on table. ''I've NEVER had to pay a cover.'' 

says William aiming dart at board. He grins. ''I've never lost money at darts,'' says William aiming dart at board.




In The Bar

A bullseye was hit. A shout of bullshit. Then began the brawl.
A song was sung. A dagger was flung. They began to fall.

A fireball was blast. A  fire was caste. We need to crawl. 
A song was done. A friendship was won. The night fun for all.



<In_The_Bar>

,,I haven't got ten gold in my pocket," says the slouched human. "But I can let you come with me on my quest for the small shield."

,,William was it?" says the dwarf.

,,Yes, Carlos" says William. 

,,William, if you are ever going to be a bard you'd better learn make wagers you can't payoff with more than a story of a quest."

,,Then yes," says William.

A groups sitting behind cheer the roll of the bones upon a long wooden table surrounded by halflings, gnomes, elves, dwarves and humans following the stick pulling the bones back to the table runner.

William says, ,"You have all my money."

,,WHAT?" hollers Carlos looking from the bones to William.

,,YOU HAVE ALL MY MONEY" hollers William.

Carlos grabs William and shakes him, ,,I don't think the thieves in the shadows heard you." 

William's eyes wide and starring at Carlos.

Carlos laughs out loud and pushes William against the back of his seat. A deep bass laugh of Carlos almost shakes the empty mugs around the table. ,,Let them hear." Carlos grabs three darts stuck into table top and throws all three daggers into the center of the dart board. "And if there is four," Carlos pulls free a dagger. And Carlos sticks dagger into top of table. 

William laughs with eyes closed. He raises a mug proclaims, ,,Carlos the Barded Dwarf is the finest bard in all the land." William opens eyes and smiles. "Except me of course." William drinks from mug. He finishes the mug and wipes his ale froth from sleeve, "Shall I sing you a song."

,,No," say Carlos. He winks to William, "I heard you earlier when you were trying to woo that young lady."

,,She gave me a kiss." says William.

,,On the cheek," says Carlos.

Both laugh and stare at each other.

Carlos pulls dagger from table top, "Do you have that gold?"

William leans back in chair and shrugs, ,,I told you you have all my money?" 

Carlos's wrinkles fade and his face become solid. The beard braids stead and hang still. 

William leans forward, clears throat, ,,But I know a way to get more." William smiles and winks at Carlos, ,,Much more."

Carlos sheaths his dagger, ,,Not that tale again." Carlos lifts an empty mug. "Is your credit good heere William?"

,,It was." William shakes head, "But, but that's not even the point. The point is you and I are going to go find a small shield." William closes his eyes. He inhale and exhales. Then he opens eyes, "Trust me. There is plenty of gold along the way."

,,Trust a fellow bard," says Carlos. Carlos walks to the dart board and pullls the darts from the dart board.

,,Trust me."

Carlos peers at William, ,,To tell a tale, but not to remember debt."




---
,,That's ten gold if I hit this bullseye,''  says Carlos the Barded Dwarf (a pun of Bearded Dwarf).

William tips mug to the dart board. ,,One if you don't."

The bullseye is hit. 

A fight begins when one tries to insult Carlos the Barded Dwarf on to insult the self and get mad. Then magic is thrown. Things are gotten. 


,,I that that barded dwarf.


They are in a bar.

The bards meet in bar playing darts. They talk of lies and other people stories. The older bard is winning money from the want-to-be.

The beginning bard asks the obvious more experience bard help on a quest for money and for th ebeginning bard to gain respect from his family for no longer wanting to be a Cavalier or a Paladin. 

Carlos has a magical pouch that hold his hand drums, the instrument of a true bard claims Carlos for it helps a true bard pace the world to the bard's beat.
----



,,If you want your gold you're going to have to follow me to my home." William wobbles to a stand. 

,,You need to sit and drink some water." Carlos slaps Wiliam on the arm as he walks past, "I need to get rid of some water." Carlos 

Carlos steps down a hall an by the kitchen.  The halls filled with mutton and rolls. The smell of garlic floats past.   

Carlos pushes a swinging door and walks to the three stalls. A smell of frank and sense hangs heavy in the air hiding the smell of feces. He stand before  the stall closet to the door.

Carlos lifts toilet lid with foot, spreads legs and clears throat and begins to humm.

The door is kick open.

Carlos looks over shoulder to see two men enter the bathroom and take up the empty stalls. He nods and pees.

The two men stand at the stalls. 

An org standing next to Carlos looks over at Carlos and let loose a fart. It laughs and snorts sending snot from it's big nose.

Carlos peers up at the Org, ,,Do you mind not getting your snot on me?"

The org snotts some thing that sounds  like, ,,No."

,,You with the rich boy," says a human standing at the far stall.

Carlos finishess peeing put stands over the hall, ,,Have you ever seen the plumming of this place?" Carlos slowly pulls the dagger from its sheath and hides it in the tunic's sleeve.

,,What," says the human. His gressy hair slides over his shoulders as he moves something beollow the stalls.

Corlos clears throat, slowly ties his pants and faces foward, ,,The plumming here is great. The the run off from the kitchens flows along wooden pipe carved from a single tree."

,,Shut up dwarf," says the org between the breathing.

,,Umph," Carlos dips finger into a sack of grrese. "I thought the bathroom couldn't smeel worse," Carlos looks at the Org, "I was wrong.

The Org stares at Carlos. 

Carlos grabs the hilt of his shortsword.

The thrid stall is empty.

Carlos turns and slices short sword knocking aside a dagger aimed for his back.


Carlos is shoved in the back. He throws an arm out.

Carlos turns around and stares at the Orc.

Pee streams down on the Orcs feet. 

Carlos stares at the Orc, ties trousers, and pulls a dagger from seath hiding 

Carlos point to the floor and snaps finger and hits deep F sharp. 

The floor freezes.

The Orc grabs for Carlos.

Carlos ducks and rolls.

The Orc slipe and falls against the woodne wall. Carlos leaps over the slipping Orc, lands and turns with dagger drawn and smiles.

The Orcs slide pushes the human to step back into the stall. 

The human 

Carlos ducks under the

The orc 




I had the idea to have Carlos end the fight with a quick cantrib to freeze his pee to cause the Orc to slip and lose conentration. Carlos only needs to get out of the bathroom. Carlos leaves the bathroom. Once Carlos leaves the bathroom Carlos sees Willaim flirting with the girl he was singing to  early. Carlos grabs William by the back of the tunic and drags him out as they are chased out.

While writing the words of the next chapter and while writing I though that it would be cool if bards are like rockstars. William has heard all his tunes and never heard one of dars, which is where the thought began. ...So I was thinking of the song and then I thought of magic because of the subject of the song and then I thought wouldn't it be cool if the catrips he casts are set off by a simile motion and note. He sings all the sounds needed to be caste the spells.


</In_The_Bar>                 

