

,,And what do you do," says Carlos.

,,I am a bard," says Shake. Shake walks to Carlos and whisper's in Carlos's ear. "But I don't sing or caste magic."

,,Light Pocket." 

,,I'm not from the North. Here we Cant it Theif." 

,,That's a good way to get caught." 

Shake walks to wall and stands by waill. Hea foldes arms. ,,I don't get caught." Hal 

,,Everyone gets caught."

,,Only if they fail." Shake reaveal Carlos arbicus betweein folded forearms. "Or a give the item back."



--

,,Where you from," says Carlos

,,Beyond the end of the North pass." Spear looks


I see Spear being a mean fighter that is able to beat many orcs and go through a rage of hitting with bastard sword that he parries and slams hard on people shattering shields and pushing people over. Spear is tall and built and wanted to be a Cavalier, but the soul of his clan is too deeps and he can't wear the armor of the cavalier and won't ride a horse or tame an animal much like he doesn't want to be tamed. The land being up North, it is near barbarian land. The tribe of Spear is tribe Spear. Spear is actually  a bit of a brute, crud, but a stand up guy and one who can fight to the dying breath. I once seen Spear as a bandit, but he is a barbarian. 

--

Mist wants out. She's back after completing a cycle of inlightenment at the temple in the West coast at the refuge of wizards and cleric of the magic God 


Cleric is on a secret mission of the church to find more out about the Lich she knows is in the manor. She is alos interested in the shield and helping William with his quests. She doesn't tell William about the Lich because of the family history and it's existence would humiliate the church (for some reason). The existence of the Lich could be legend because the Wizard of the small shield. The cleric also has no desire to be the one to tell Willaim about his families sorted path. The Lich is hiss great grandfather. 















-------------------------------------------


Carlos pulls short sword from sheath and slices it at shadow.

A sword flows a circular arch from shadows and knocks the swing  through and away.

,,That's a parry," says Carlos. Carlos swipes the knife from seath to shadow. (some cleric spell will prevent from hitting Spear).

A bandit and sword lunge from shadow.


Carlos steps away and pulls some grease from bag and snaps fingers with the word, ,,Slide."

The bandit lands, and feet slip, slid and catch. 

Carlos's kicks the back of bandit's heel.

The bandit falls to ground, hits.

Carlos holds short sword against throat.

,,STOP!" screams William. "I know him. It's Spear."

,,He's one of the thugs from the bar."

,,He's a friend."

,,More like a corward," says Carlos. Carlos sheaths his short sword. "Fights from shadows."

William helps Spear from the ground. They hold forearms and smile at each other.

,,Thought you were going to kill me," says Spear. Spear's smooth voice 






,,Do you use that thing," says William point to Carlos's harquebus.

,,This." Carlos pulls the harquebus from belt strap. "Only when I need a loud noise to scare away a bear or some ogers." 

,,There aren't 

Carlos puts the harquebus  away, ,,You ask a lot of questions."

William looks at Carlos and bats eyes, ,,It's a bard's job to aske questions," Carls sits upstriaght, "How, how else can a bard learn to tell a tale?"

,,Watch." says Carlos. Carlos smiles lifting the bottom of his beard, "But." He pivots head up and down, "But question do help with the details of the tale."





,,Gun powder." says Carlos, "this is mine power."

,,Mine powder. Gun power," says Shake. "They're both used unnatrually." Shake twist left corner of lip to smirk, "You Dwarves can't remember all the disasters the unnatural mine powder has caused." Shake takes a sip of ale, ,,I've heard of the Mirthral Cavein. I know how many died." Shake nods to Carlos, ,,More than  any harqubus can in one shot. Even a cannon."
 
Carlos peers at Shake. He takes a swig of ale and swishes it around mouth then swallow. ,,Youre point is made." Carlos slide harquebus between belt and waist. "





,,And who is  the half-elf," says Carlos.

,,Calm, Carlos," say 

,,I aint got nothing to be excited about." Carlos flicks a lock of beard over shoulder. "Everyone needs a cleric to heal. She any good."

,,She can take for herself," says William.

Carlos looks to Myst, ,,I'm now worried about the half-elf taking care of hersself." Carlos sneers at Myst, "I am worrried about her not taking care of us."

,,You have no worry about me helping others," says must. She unlatch the cloak latch and hangs the cloak 








,,Are you a silent mage," says Carlos.

The mage picks up a few paper s and scrolls and puts them in his chest.





<In_The_House_Of_William>





The cobble stone path missing a few rocks.  A hedge brush on both sides of the cobble stone path spread branches from side to side. The trim border broken by branch poking out like haris from Carlos's braided beard.



A shutter hangs loose. A couple of rails along the deck are missing. Tops of wooden steps warped. They squeak when stepped upon. Broken potted plants rest on either side of steps spilling dirt down the stairs.    



The smell of pine fills nose and home. 


The floor are clean and covered with woven cotton and silk rugs of runes and insignias. Walls and ceiling stained  dark oak. Rafters and top of cub boards are  free of webs. Surface of iron stove is clean. An empty black pot rests on top. The wood is stacked and orderd.

The counters are clear and clean. Rows of knifes hang from wall under cup board. Two deep basins mounted on four legs are between two counters and cup boards and beneath a hand pump.

The wind gusts outside. The house creaks. 

Feet clomp upon the solid wood floor. 



Carlos walks from door, ,,This is yours."

,,His," says Spear.

William looks at Spear. ,,I pay rent."

,,Some," says Spear.

Mist walks to a iron stove in the center of room. She opens the stove lid and sticks a poker inside.

Carlos walks to chair by stove and sits and stretches legs to a food rest by the stove. His hair toes wiggle.

Mist picks up two logs and sniffs. ,,Youre feet stink."

Carlos winks, ,,They do."

Mist puts in wood and closes stove, ,,That's not very attractive."

,,For some."

Mist and Carlos share a laugh.

William, lost in the fire inside the stove, snaps head when Spears says, "Some," again. William undresses weapons.




,,Carlos winks at William. It's not like it's further South in the Forest's of Wilshier."

,,That's where his parents live," says Spear.

,,Oh," says Carlos. Carlos slaps the shoudler of William. "Don't be making a song about how you won the house."




,,Are your parents rich Carlos," says Shake.

,,They were long before I was born."

William says, ,,How'd they lose their money."

Carlos points to pantry door, ,,Food."

William nods. 

Carlos walks to pantry door and opens the pantry door. "They were drill makers." Carlos grabs a jar and pulls jar from pantry. "They were two of the best drill makers in the South Lands." Carlos set jar on table and open jar. "And then there was mind powder."   






Spear lifts up a lock of Mist's hair and rubs the stains between fingers.

Spear and Mist stare.

Mist smiles and slowly shakes head. ,,Spear,"she says, "More like toothpick." She walks away. The lock of hair settling against cheek.

,,Prude," says Spear. He lets loose a soft chuckle.

,,Prick."

Mist walks into to the porch and sits by William on the bench.

Spear looks through the window at the two sitting on the  bench. Spear whispers, ,,Bitch," and walks to the table




I believe that Spear will be hitting on Mist as much  as possible behind the back of William. Spear is kind of the asswhole of the group and is out to befriend William because he knows William is rich and family with money. Spear looks out for Spear and likes the lie and the risk of trying to get with Mist. Spear does have some loyaltly but see Mist as 'free game' for mating for William is too shy too scared or too something to commit or show his affection. I don't know how the above will work out or will be It is at the house, but when will the hate be shown more Will this be the first\? I think it will. i think it will be the first interaction between Mist and Spear.






,,Are we in a hurry?" Carlos. "Is there really any need to go now?" Carlos stretches legs and rests feed on automate. Carlos wiggles hairy toes. "Won't the creepy and dangrous things be in the keep?"

Spear looks at Willaim. William looks at Carlos, ,,We just need to be there first."


,,Tell me story, William," Carlos looks at William or give me my money and I'll be off." 

Mist looks at William and then shake. She pivots head side to side.

Silence is.

Carlos whistles like flute. Carlos takes feet off outtoman and pulls hat from hook. Carlos gets his sash. He dresses.

Willaim stares at Carlos then Mist and Spear.

William looks from Mist to Carlos.

,,He's using magic," says Mist. "Don't tell him."

,,It's now seret my whistle can make one feel guilty." Carlos walks to William, "Pay me my money and the guilt will go away." He whistles.

William says, ,,We need him."






I need to write all the spells out. The whistle I think will be a first level charm spell that inproves with practice to make on feel guilty.     







,,A Dwarf that wears shoes." Shake peers at Carlos, "Next thing you're going to say your mom doesn't have a beard." Shake grins then snears. 

Carlos smiles, ,,Not as good as your's." Carlos winks, "I use to braid my mom's beard. Then go shave youre mothrs." Carlos walk up to shake. They stare.

"You actually  want to call me daddy."




--


Carlos steps on to the deck. Steam rise form a cup of cider.

The sun shines from the mountain tops and the canyon peaks. Leaves and branches twinkle and shines. Drips of warmed water fall. A breeze blows pulling cold over the deck and Carlos.

Carlos shivers and pulls wool cloak over shoulders. He sips on mug of cider. ,,I use to be able to run around the snow wearing nothing but my hair."

Mist steps from door wrapped in a wool blanket. Her hands. Steam puffs with her laugh. ,,I never can't get use to it."

,,And you're here." 

,,Willam."

,,Love," says Carlos.

,,That too."

Williams steps. Chain mail shirt draps over leather padding anging to waist. Legs coverd with shiny plates. ,,We need to go."

,,  




,,I want my money now," says Shake.

William shakes head and walks away. ,,You'll get it when I get inside  the manor alive and free."

Shake says, ,,Then you don't have me." 

,,Is that all it takes to get rid of you," says Carlos.

Shake pulls hood over head, ,,And what does it take to get rid of you."

Carlos looks up and playes with beard, ,,Well," Carlos looks at Shake, "A boring story." 









,,Youre parents buy that for you," says Carlos. Pointing to a wide and long carpet on floor. 

,,I bought it for me," says William.

,,With your parents gold."

,,Well..." Willaims walks to the end of the carpet.




,,I'm not going to fly that thing," says Carlos stepping away from the floating disk.

,,Carlos affraid of magic flying things," sneers Shake. Shake pats Carlos's shoulder.

Carlos's shrugs off touch, ,,Don't touch me." Carlos peers at shake, "Don't know if you going to rob me."

I feel that to make it to the manor  




,,Do you want to hold my hand," says Shake.

,,I would love to hold you hand anytime you're close," says Carlos. Carlos graps Shake's hand, "Then know you can't stab me in the back." Carlos pulls Shake's arm.

Shake jerks back. He stumbles away from the carpet.

Carlos steps on the carpet. He sits in the center. He pulls out a dagger and grips its handle.

The carpets soft fibers raise and stick to Carlos.

(The rest step on. I don't know if anything interesting will happen.)        

William sits at the front of the rug. William extends arms to sides like riasing wings. William looks up and says, ,,Go."

The carpet waves and rolls at its edges. It lifts then lowers. The edges shake and raise higher than center.

William raisis arms and hands up.

The carpet raises at the edges and between everyone sitting.

Carlos jumps up and sheaths his dagger. Carlos hallers ,,RISE!" then lets loose with a deep laughter. He stepsover the raised carpet between the pasengers and steps to the ground.

The carpet rises from the floor then lowers then rises then lowers.

Carlos stares at the carpet. 

Shake and Spear stand and wobble on the carpet and jump off.

The Carpet flies up and beyond the opening in the roof.

"That's why those things scare me."

The Carpet hovers in the sky. It lowers slow back to  the ground.

William lowser arms and jumps from carpet through his scarf at th cartpet. ,,That lying theif." Willliam kills the carpet. "Sais it would lift a house."



---

Shake points to Carlos's legs, ,,Are you sure those stubby things can keep up."

Carlos smiles, ,,I can faster than most even with my boot up your ass." Carols lifts leather bood with steel inforced seems and sets foot and boot on bench.

,,He's a fast walker," says William clenching jaw and peering at Shake. 

--




</In_The_House_Of_William>
