Darkenss is

,,You in the City of Gnomes,'' says the voice of John of the Goblinkin. ''You are mine says the voice. You are ours.''

Kirra, Myst, William and Spear all hear John's voice. All feel warm. All feel a solid floor like stone.  

Kirra seess the heat form of John of the Goblinkin standing before another. Lines of black strip the heat of John. Black cell surrounds kirra's sight.

Spear sees the black through gray sights. He sees black stripe John's gray body standing before Spear's cell.

Myst and William only see dark.

There is light to walls of a dark that form a cub. Inside the cub are levels, rows, columns of cells. Glass halls and tubes lead to levels of floors of glass. Mud, blood and sweat, shit, piss stains the glass and blurrs sight. A few cells have blood smeared over a corner of the cell cube. Creatures sits, sleep, stand or excierise.

The creatures are many. A minotar is near sitting lotus with eyes closed. A half-gaint with a patch over eyes. A hafling with a scratch over cheek and jaw. An id sits on a glass bed. And dwarves, elves, ids and orges and orcs are seen.

John of the Goblinkin stands on clear glass floor before the near clear bars of glass closing a glass cell. ''You owned by Johivodeglickin. Johivodeglickin owns you.'' John steps and stands between glass bars. He limps to Spear's cell.

Spear stares and looks at his hands. His butt burns and is wrapped with strips of cotton stained red. His chest throbs and hits. 

John spits a brown snot on Spear's face.

,,Where's Minst,'' says Myst. Her throat feels to burn with talk. Her spine aches and leg is swollen. She rolls to back. ''Where's Minst?''

,,You worry not about Myst,'' says John. John steps from Spear's cell as Spear pushes sore muscle to a sit. John kneels and peers at Myst. ''You can be birther if you want to ask questions. You can have the children of many goblin warriors if you like to talk.'' 

William, near sleep, hears John talk then feels him talk with Minst. He wakes and slams cloth covered guantlet fist against wall and shouts. ,,YOU WILL DIE.''

John says, ,,Goblins babies like to hear the surface talk.''

William shouts, ''QUIET YOU...''

John of the Goblinkin cackle laughs. ,,You Quiet.''

William stands. Williams head thumbs and heart beats. His limbs numb then a pinch of pain peices neck and stance. He sluches. He hits and hits the bars then grabs the glass bars. ,,How's your face feel, John of the shit.'' William squeezes and nearly the glass bars with both hand sqeezing. He feels the glass bar begin ton ring in the hand with his guantlet. 

,,Where?'' says Kirra.

,,Where,'' says John. ''YOu speak worse than John.'' John smiles with pointed teeth shining. ''You fight in sphere better than Shit and Stain.'' John smiles, looks at William then Spear saying, ''Shit. Stain,'' with a cackle laugh and snort. ''You are here, Kirra.'' John steps from Kirra and close to Myst. ''All you see are warriors of Senator Ring.'' He points finger at Kirra and looks from Kirra to Spear, William, Myst. ''You fight warriors of Senator Ring now you fight warriors of powerful people. You special.''

,,You free them,'' says William. ''And I will fight loyal.''

,,You will loyal.'' Johns steps to William. ''YOu fight loyal. You fight loyal.'' John smiles and nods and licks point teeth and glances at Myst and winks at William.

William squueezes the glass bars. ,,If you look at Myst-''

The bars ring.

The ring scratches the mind.

Myst tries to sing with the ring, but the ring scratches the throat and pulls the muscles.

,,William,'' says Myst. Her raspy voice is near silent. ''I can defend myself.''

,,Where Minst?'' says Spear. He hobbles to a stand feeling the butt pump pain.

,,Minst,'' John smiles and rattles his chainmail. ''Minst is in chains of the dead. You will meet the chains of the Twha.'' John clicks and clacks and cackle laughs. ''You need to ask. Where Myst? Where William? Where Spere?'' John glances at all looking last to Spear. ''And why you were.'' John points Jewelled Dagger at Spear. ''You think why will John lose money on wererat. Two were rats.'' John looks at Spear. ''You get heart cut out. I heat.'' He limbs. He shifts arms under his armor. 

Spear smirks at John. ,,Step in cage. You will break.'' 

John grabs Guile's Heart Dagger and Jewelled Dagger and stands by Spear's cage. ,,You break.''

,,Spear,'' says Myst. Myst tries to humm. She tries to wistle. She tries to breath a beat, but feels pain in throat. The ring from will am and the glass hears in her mind and fades to and echo. Then only John'g voice is her song.

John licks pointed teeth. ,,You fought Senator Ring's warriors. You live. You learn to fight with gladiators.''

Kirra sees Senator Ring step from darkness into glass hall toward John and the pack.

Spear lays feeling a ring of pain through mind into body. His stomach feel to rumble deep enough for sound. He does look through the glass behind and through mud smear holes at a dwarf sitting in the center of a glass cell on knees.

The dwarf is naked and hairy covering most the body. The beard sways with body as the dwarf pivots like a pendulum.

Spear looks-up and sees feet. Spear looks down ands see a hafling starring at him like the eyes are shooting arrows. ,,How's face?'' Spear spits on John.

Johns steps back and swings Heart Dagger at bars.

Spear steps back.

William sees Senator Ring walk through the distant glass hall.

An elf dressed in white leather armor stands at the end of hall.

Senator Ring walks with dark purple robe over broad shoulders and tall frane. the bottom of the robe float above the clear floor that stares to a hall full of soldiers.

Senator Ring steps along the hall.

And william says, ,,John, your master is here.''

John spins and flicks the Jewelled Dagger behind at William.

The dagger flies and stricks a glass rod.

William flinches.

John goblinkin cackle laughs.

,,Owner,'' says Senator Ring. His sweat calm and deep voice makes all feel they own selves. ''Johivodeglickin is your owner, young William.'' Senator Ring steps and exhales. ''And had you not won the trial and gained the favor and love of the people watching the match then you would not be alive for Johivodeglickin to own.'' William steps and grips glass bars, looks. ''You little attempt to gain freedom has increased the worth of you as a entertainment.'' Senator Rings smiles. The voice sooths and calm. ''You have made an impression upon the people who seen you fight. You have created a lore with the breaking of the tube, which is an even...'' Senator Ring smiles. Ring looks at Myst. ''You created lore that many will whisper about from here to Lyno to [BIGCITY].'' He peers and neers at Myst. ''Two Entgoblins found in the sphere in one of the greatest battles of the history and not a crack in the glass.'' Ring steps to Myst and stands upright to full height. ''And you come along and make a break.'''

William says, ,,Get away from her!''

Rings stands and looks at Myst.

,,Fight me,'' says Spear.

Kirra peers around at the the hall and glass. She sees the dwarf below Spear looking up and watching the step of Ring. Kirra watches Senate hold something in pocket. ,,Where?''

Ring looks at Myst, peers and says, ,,Where? Where are we? If that be your question, I can answer that question.''  Senator Ring looks from Myst, nods at John and steps along hall and turns and looks at the the William, Spear, Myst and Kirra. 

John walks along the all.

A few clicks and clacks with a raor is heard. 

John raises his dagger and peers.

The roar roars to silence.

Senator Ring says, ,,You are now within the City of Gnome. It's as old or loder the Goblin Port and is guessed to be made before the dwarves left the surface for the mountains with their obsession with shiny metals and defense.''

Wiliam interupts Senator Ring. ,,And you killed and inslaved the the gnomes for the goblin hordes like you've done through Westmore Canyon and what was my home.'' William grips the glass bars. ''Have they reached Water down? Have they killed enough people. Have your goblin hordes killed all from here to Lyno?'' William stands and stares.

Senator Ring stands and looks around the cells then at William. ,,You finished with your quick talk?''

William stares.

,,You may be one to learn to listen for what I have to tell will be told by no other,'' says Senator Ring. He looks behind and before away from the pack. ''Ask any who live around when your headaches leave the mind. You will find I am fare to those who fight and wish to be free if freedom is had.'' Senator Ring looks at William. ''You need to read more, William.'' His smooth voice calm the ring in mind. The voice pulls the mind into the words and wait for the next word to be spoke...

Senator Rings shrug shoulders and says with near a sigh. ,,The gnomes are thought to be from the line of dwarves from a distant war, but their written histories do not intersect except to support each during the great war. Beyond size, they are two different creatures. Much like the difference between goblins and humans.''

,,Our difference be grand. You blood thirsty,'' says William.

William hears a ring then feels a ping of pain shock the body. He falls to ground.

,,STOP,'' shouts Spear.

Senator Ring looks at Spear. 

Spear stands.

Senator Ring looks at William. ''You need to listen young William if you are ever to learn of the City of Gnome.'' Ring waves a long dark green finger at William. ''You could learn something.''

The ringing goes silent in William's mind.

Senator Ring smile and sighs.

The sigh feels to sooth. 

The sigh ends, and the Senator Rings says, ''Gnomse built City of Gnome before the first human invaded the lands. There is lore of the beginning. If you ask the dwavers, they will say they showed the gnomes how to fire a forge to selt and forge metals, but instead the gnomes smelted sand and forged glass. It is history. Now the City of Gnomes is theirs again.'' Ring says and smile at William. ''You have no more traders to enslave their natural ability to use magnification.''

William stares and Senator Ring. 

Spear looks at Senator Ring and two Shadow soldiers caste from a flame light in a cell through a bronw staind glass wall through the glass and into an empty cell with glass bar door open. 

Kirra sess the cells, the begins watching, the standard soldiers two levels down, the shadow paused and starring from above, the shadow sholdiers, the breath of Senator Ring, who breathes near a wheeze when he talks. 

Myst hears the sound of Senator Ring sing flat notes.

Senator Rings says, ''You and you trading kind forced the gnomes to give you a tariff on all in coming goods. You and your murding Knights like the  Diamonds who patrolled these halls trying to convert gnomes to their rites and laws.''

,,Lies,'' says Myst. ''The Diamonds were protectors. Dante saved gnomes who fled with them from your killing horde.''

,,You know Diamond Knights?'' smiles Senator Ring. Hes steps slow and nods. ''Please, tell me of this Dante.'' 

John of the goblinkin near the darkness of the cube of many cells pauses. 

Senator Ring closes eyes between a spin and nods then look at Myst as he steps past.

John of the Goblinkin nods and steps into the darkness.

,,Their servants,'' says Senator Ring. ''This Dante of the Diamond Warriors kepts servants.'' Senator Ring walks beyond the four cells with the pack and by other cells.

Creatures sit and watch Rind walk and talk and the seem to nod and smile and stare for...

Senator Ring says, ,,It is true the diamon were only using their force to spread the Diamond words, make a share from the traders controlling the existence of this city. The traders threatened to stop trade.'' Senator Ring steps  and sort of begins to look from Kirra, William, Spear, Myst while talking. ''You will see the city created during the human rule of the City of Gnome. You see the choas of their control in their building dark and scribbles.''

,,Lies,'' says William.

,,You says lie, but why would I lie?'' Senator Ring steps and looks at William with a warm smile. ''Why would I lie?''

,,To fight for you,'' says Spear.

Senator Ring says, ,,You need not believe a lie to fight for me.'' Senator Ring steps around and looks at a halfing, a human then Spear and Willam. Senator Rind holds the edge of cloak. ''If you choose not to fight then you will need to please the warriors with your flesh or deed.'' Senator steps to Myst and looks at Wililams and winks. ''You two could sell to a bidder that would buy John a news home here in City of Gnomes.''

,,We are your slaves?'' says Myst. She hums near quiet through throat.

,,You lie because truth will ruin your history,'' says William.

Senator Ring looks at Myst then William. ,,You, William, lie for history. City of Gnome history begins with the beauty of the city thriving from deep wells and sun.'' Senator Ring walks on and looks back then around looking at halfing and a human woman with braided hair stare at Senator Ring. ''You will find the citizens of City of Gnomes. The city grows again with light as the engineer so the Gnome Society control the growth as they did when this cities first glass wall was melted from sand. The City of Gnomes is not about gnomes. You see it is about harmony and truth.''

,,How can we find this from a cage?'' says William. He looks at Myst. ''Like slaves.

,,You are in a cage now, but if you fight as you fought in the sphere you will buy your freedom. You may want to let me sell your body for pleasure if you wish not to fight.'' Senator Ring points to the halfling.

The hafling wears clean white sheets, has a cotten bed. One wall by helfing is dark. There are stick drawsing along one side of cell. There is a table with a candle where the halfing sits with arms wrapped around knees.

,,Jo, here.'' Senator Ring looks at Jo. ''YOu will be leaving soon my friend.'' Senator Ring looks along the cells and steps with robe swaying over the clear glass floor and by Kirra. ''Jo has earned his freedom and enough gold she need not fight again.''

Kirra feels the words of Senator Ring sing in mind, but then become an echo as she stares at the red and blue. Kirra feels the count of solidres wearing a deep purple leather with a black chain mail covered. Kirra smells sweat, piss, shit and cream scent with a musk fuming from Senator Ring. Kirra hears clicks, dwarven reverse talk, and a squeak from two halflings along the hall. Kirra feels a pain in face and side of chest. She sits and focuses on silence as William speaks.

,,And what mistrial has Jo tried? What crime has he here?'' says William. He grabs the glass bars.

A ring sings through the hall.

Myst hears the ring, and the ring with the calm honey of Senator Ring's voice creates an echo. She listens and hears Reights song sing notes to emotionalquestoin created with the pain her her thraot. A piano striking the scale of cords it's thebase and sooth's her throat.

And her throat vibrates and the vibration spread as Wlliam speaks, and Senator Ring replies.

Senator Rings says, ,,He was a thief that could flip or slit your throat faster then a rabbit hops.'' Senator Rings looks to his Wane and nods at a tall bald dwarf. ,,And this big bastard here can pull the arms from you sockets and shove them down your throat before you can scream.'' Senatro Ring steps and peers at the tall hairless dwarf. ''Flij, how many fights you have?''

Flij stands and clicks and nods head. He snaps and shakes hand. Flij and Senator Ring laugh.

Kirra hears with the clicks the talk of Spear and William and sex. Kirra sees theirs smiles.

Senator Ring follows the laughter and lets the laughter and smile fade as he steps soft. ''You will listen and you will learn to fight, and you will entertain in the dome and pits or in the bed or dungeons for big bears of men like have playoing too.'' Senator Ring winks at William and looks at Spear. ''Unless you two are joined with love and passion you will be fighting as one.''

,,Where's Minst?'' says Myst.

,,Yes, we demand to know where Minst and Guile are?'' William pulls hands from glass bars and clenches guantetl and pulls at sack, but can't quiet grab the sack to pull the sack from guantlet. 

,,Minst.'' His voice lowers like smooth drum bass beating at back of mind. ''Minst and Guile are with the fates.''

,,Dead?'' says Myst.

,,Dead?'' says Senator Ring. ''Death is a fate, but there are many fates. Your fate your own, and if you earn,'' says Senator Ring with an embasis on the R. ''If youearn, you will know the truth.''

And Senator Ring talks, and the voice plays with the Song of Reighn.

,,You fight for each other freedom. What happens to one will happen to all. You are a group that still owes me. Me, Senator Ring, money from the fire in Goblins Port and the payment for the army to stand for days. You owe me much, but your show and fight in the Center Sphere has increased you fan fare and you own worth,'' says Senator Ring. ''Three can fight.''

,,Why should I lower my being and place in life to fight for you,'' says william. ''You.'' William points. ''You.''

A sharp pain peices from hears through mind and spine. Spine shocks, and William falls to ground. 

,,William,'' Myst says. She presses agains bars. 

Kirra stesp to bars and looks above adn around. 

Warriors with purple leather and black chain mail march and spread through a hall below. 

The creatures below do on look up. They wear white sheets like the beings and Kirra.

Myst hums with lips and spread the hum through mouth and to the throat and head then body.

The vibraionwarms head, but the pain in throat coughs her vibration.

The cough hits a soldiers footing. 

Rind looks at Myst. ''You may be worth more to these gnomes than you can be as a fighter.''

,,She remains with the pack,'' says William.

,,She remains in cell. She fights. She sings. She heals. You remain because I want her to remain.'' Senator Ring pulls together the part of the purple robe closed and walks along the glass floor. ''She will talk with team of engineers.'' He steps along the hall toward the wall of darkness. ''John will make you ready.''

,,Ready for what?'' says William.

,,You are to be a gladiator,'' says Senator Ring. Senator Ring pulls robed closed.

Senator Ring walks along the hall and from the back.

Spear says loud, ,,And you my victory.''

Senator Ring walks to the wall of darkenss.

,,COWARD,'' shouts William.

A cackle laugh is head through the hall.

Senator Ring says, ,,Welcome to your glass home.''



