,,Enter, please.'' A hugoblins holds candle light into the stone room and holds the door. ''Hurry.''

Myst hears no song nor sound, but the squeek of hinges. Shake follows without hesitation. William looks back to Spear.

Spear is near down the alley to the Rise when he stops to watch William enter the door. ,,William?''

The shapes of hugoiblins and goblins form from the shadows. Swords and knifes rise as silhouettes in dark alley behind. Then a flame bursts from top of club giving the swords a shine.

,,Here,'' says Spear loud and clear for Kirra to hear. Spear steps into the door.

Guile, Guide, Jan and Kirra step and follow into the door.

The door shuts. A wooden board is slide over the door and two hooks.

A candle light glows from the center of a stone room.

The stone room  bigger than a hotel room filled with boxes and barrels and sacks stacks to a wooden ceiling within finger touch of Spear and Minst.

,,What here?'' says Kirra.

,,Who are you?'' says William.

,,Quiet,'' says the voice of the hugoblins standing with candle.

A pound sounds from the door then a muffled shout of, ,,OPEN,'' is heard as near a whisper to those in the room.

,,Through the door and into the dark. Sit. Be silent of any song.'' The hugoblins steps between Spear and Minst, Kirra and Jan.

Myst, Guile, Shake and William step through door with Kirra and Spear leading the stares and peers. Kirra is the last to leave through the door.

The door pounds.

Kirra raise a dagger to the neck of the hobgoblin. ,,You speak. You will die first.'' She lowers dagger and walks after Jan into the dark and a hall with stone walls and floor. The dark shades the center to bloack. Lights apear to glow from a tapestry covering wall.

The pack stand and breathes. 

Guile coughs.

Spear grabs Guiles and pushes him down the hall until they hit a wall then he covers Guile's mouth. ,,Breathe through nose.''

Guile coughs muffles.

The wooden door squeaks open.

,,Your light shines,'' says a gruff voice. ''We seek insurgents. Reports and sightings have been many. We seach the city borders.''

Kirra grabs daggers. William grips his swords. Myst holds her star of Reighn. Spear hold Guile as Guile holds a cough. Guild holds the small goblins in hands. 

The goblin held by Guile squirms and tires to bite Guile.

The hugoblins inside the building wearing a dark robe like the one Guile wears holds the door. ,,Your shouts woke.'' The hugoblin points Wane along the alley. ''There was sound like running. I came down. I see you.''

Sound of metal boot stepping on stone is heard. 

The gruff voice speaks. ,,What's in here? Who are you? Why are you in this city?''

The voice of the hugoblin that answered the door speak nearly like singining. ,,If you would like to come in and inspect out for stores, please help me roll this barrel of rotten apples shipped her yesterday.'' A thump is heard like a hand hitting a barrel top.

Kirra grips her daggers, and Shake flicks wrist to slide dagger to hand. He glances through the dark toward the pocket with the Vial of Speed.

The hogoblin with the song voice continues to speak, ,,My name is Glols of Reighn? I am right here because I fought in the army that conguered this city and this building was given to me by the council it self to recognized my valor in battle and intelligence during the signing of the treaty.'' The song voice shift from the sound of a lullaby to that of a death march. ''Who are you?''

,,Your section leader,'' says the gruff voice. ''We will return.'' The sound of metal hitting stone walks to the sound of hinges sqeaking and door slaming.

There is quiet. There is breathing. There is a muffled cough.

Light illuminates from the storage room into the the all. 

Balls of light illuminate along the wall. Each hang from a chain above tapestries. 

The tapestries span the walls of the all from end to end. Blues, reds, yellows spread and smear over the canvases in swirls and lines. The tapestry frames doors all closed and an a hall for stairs up. 

The staris twisting up are near Spear and Guile.

Spear release Guile, steps and pulls bastard sword from sheath and walks toward the rest of the pack and Glols of Reighn

,,You're of Rieghn,'' says Myst. She lets hands fall to side.

Glols face and body illuminate from the sphere light.  Glols skin shines a dark green that deepeds the depth of its dar around the edges and bends and wringles of hands and face. The face is rectangular like Spear's face, but the jaw protrudes out. The black lips spread from flat white teeth. It's ears curve to a point lower on its head than a hobgoblin. It's nose short and stubby ends with a round point. It's posture is straight. It's voice calm and soothing like a ballad. ,,Yes'' It looks to the door then steps to the hall. ''Please follow me, and I will tell the tale while we seek a safer place ot speak, my sister.''

,,So what's the sex,'' says Shake.

Myst peers through the dark for Shake to feel. ,,Shake.''

Glols laughs soft like a gust of wind. ,,I am male.'' 

William grips fist and steps toward Myst and then Glol. Spear raises his blade while Kirra lowers her daggers and leans shoulder against the wall. 

Glols looks at William, Kirra, Spear then Myst. ,,The song does sing with a chorus I at times question, but find after the crescendo Reighn has inlightened more.'' He steps from a stand and walk between Spear and Guile to the stone stairs at the end of the hall.

Myst steps and follows with Shake. William stands as Minst passes and Guile follows. 

Jan leads Kirra after the parting pack with Spear following Kirra.

Spear looks at Guide holding the goblin like holding an oversized dog. ,,What's that?'' 

,,Shaman,'' says Guide. ''It is for you.''

Spear peers at Guide then follows the the pack up the stone stairs to a room as Glols speaks.

Glols walks the steps slow. ,,I am a cleric of Reighn. There are two other's living in this narrow temple. The priest sleeps the basement.'' He looks back to the pack then forward with walk and up the stairs. ''I was once a warrior. Then I sung to by Reighn. I seen the chaos of war then felt the calm of the song.''

William grips guantlet fist. ,,What do you believe of the massacre that has spread across the land by your kin?''

,,Bad,'' says Glols as he steps. ''As much for your kin as mine.'' He pauses. He says. ''We are controlled by war.'' He pauses. ''That we did not begin.'' He pauses talk. ''We have not stopped.'' He walks and lets the steps on stone speak. 

William nods. He steps. He looks down.

,,How did you become a cleric of Reighn?'' says Myst.

,,My mother, who heard your song.'' Glols steps from stone steps to wooden floor. ''Who you will meet. And talk with before we leave.''

,,The soldiers will return,'' says Kirra.

Glols stops before a door. ,,They will return with a quadrant commander. They will enter.'' Glols opens the door while Shake speaks.

Shake says, ,,How do we leave?''

The door opens.

Glols says, ,,I am will prepare for departure after you have spoke with the priest of Reighn.''

Myst steps. 

William reaches put slows and lets arm fall. 

Shake steps with Myst and Guile follows. 

William stands before Glols. ,,Where the words you spoke to the guard true words?'' 

Glols nods head back and shrugs shoulders. ,,Yes.'' He stares with William. ''The longest sentence I know.''

Minst touches the spine of his spell book as William steps into room and stands by the door with back to wall.

Guide, the golbins in grasp, Spear, Kirra, Minst, Jan stands and step through hall.

Glols leans over and looks at the goblin in the grasp of Guide while inside the room Myst walks in room.

Myst walks over twist woven rug toward a candle light and the window framing a hogoblin sitting in a chair. She stops and stares.

As Myst stares, at the hobgoblin wearing a robe of Reighn, Glols extends had to the goblins in Guide's grasp.

Glols says, ,,Where did you find this one?''

Guide says, ,,The alley. It gave chase to the pack.''

,,And you didn't kill?'' Glols holds out arms to the goblin and looks a that Guide. ''May I help you with you friend?''

Guide looks at the goblins remain calm in the clasp of Glols. Guide says, ,,Shaman Spear command its life spared.''

,,I didn't command. Nor am I a shaman.'' Spear flexes muscles and presses the Branching Armor and Rose Warrior Armor 

Myst steps from Glols. ,,What are hugoblins?''

Guide release grip of goblins.

The goblin jumps into Glols arms and climbs Glols arms to back to floor.

Glols looks at Minst. ,,A breed hobgoblin and human.''

Myst, William, Shake and Guile stand through a room next to the hall.

The wood floor creaks as Guile steps and peers at the hobgoblins sitting by the lite candle and the window.

Guile stares and sends a mental shout and hears the echo through a chamber of music.

Shake hears no music and looks around the room. 

The wood floor spans to stone walls in a room as big as the bunk house the pack was held for quarentine by the Rose Pack. Instead of beds carved from rock, a violing, sytar, guitar, harp, pleathe and a pluck string hand in frames along the Rise wall. Along the Set wall various sizes of drumbs hang by strink from wood wall. Along the short Wane wall hang from mounds a horns twisting, horns straight, horns with handles and keys. A mess of sheets lay bundled near the Wane wall.

William peers through the darkness at the hobgoblin at the table and at Glols who plays with a hobgoblins.

Glols says, ,,This friend is a whorshiper of Reighn. A lover of the notes and song.'' Glols steps between Minst and Spear and near Kirra. The goblin on ground follows.

Kirra steps back and raises dagger.

Glols raises hands. ,,I ready the wagon for travel.'' He pauses and looks at Kirra then Minst. ''After the song with the priest. We leave.''

,,I go,'' says  Kirra.

Spear looks at Kirra. ,,We go.''

Glols looks at Kirra and Spear then steps down the stairs.

Guide says, ,,Yes, I will remain.''

Spear looks at Guide then walks with Kirra and Glols down the stares.

Minst says, ,,Does Spear talk to you? Or is it more of a feeling?''

Guide looks at Minst then he walks to the stairs and stands.

Jan pulls her hands from the mold and moss robe. She pulls a food ball from pack, sits and eats.

Minst steps to Jan. ,,Could i have one of those?''

Jan smiles and tosses food ball to Minst.

Minst eats.

Guile feels hungry, but stands in the room with William, Myst and Shake. He listens to the echo of his mental shout only hear a song he begins to sing.

The song sings with strings, horns and prucussion play to their own beat. The harmony hurts the head as teh mind tires to see and think through the pace of trumpets and flutes, drums and snares, guitars and painos blow, stricke and strum with their own tempo, beat and volume.

Pains splits Guile's mind from body.

Guile's body and site feels to vibrate like a struck bell.

The bell rings from the prucussive wall spreading the sound of muscial choas spread to the minds of Shake, William and Myst.

The sound hear by Myst is a calm waves of string, precussion and horns. Fear, hope, love, lost feelings fill Myst. The song flows in waves peaking with happiness and sinking for sorrow.

The song spreads to Shake all instruments strike and blow with beat of heat. The itch of speed spreads over his body. His fingers twitch and time shifts fast slow. Shake stands and drools as the music plays.

As the music plays, William only hears a whistle that is blown like wind through a canyon. The sound spreads warmth from mind to body. He sways against the wooden wall staring through the dim light to the instruments. A sonic landscape play to shape a wide road that leads to a tower then a desert then a city before a void of dark. The road spans as William acts like a slow flowing fan back and forth over the wall.

As the music plays Myst begins to humm.

Minst hears the humm of Myst and steps to the door to look inside the room. He looks at Guide.

Guide sits on the floor with eyes closed.

Minst looks at Jan.

Jan eats and sits and stares.

Minst looks into the room and swallows. ,,I should have went with Spear and Kirra.''

Spear and Kirra walk down spiral stares with Glols.

Spear sheaths bastards swords, grips hammaer and steps down the stone steps.

Kirra looks back, above to the sides of stone walls and wooden walls then peers at Glols lead. She grips her daggers and shifts quivvers and bows over back.

Glols walks quick over stone steps then stone floor holding the rope of Reighn over body. He steps through hall then leads down another all leading Rise to Set.

Spear says, ,,How long you live in town?''

Glols looks back. ,,Many. Before wrinkles.''

,,What surrounds?'' says Kirra. ''Death, trash.''

,,Our trash. Your trash. Everyones trash.'' Glol walks hall. ''Our grave yard.''

Hall Rise to Set's wooden floor creaks under feet. Image of dancing humans, goblins, elves, dwarves and gnomes spread from tapestry to tapeeter between doors and doors.

Spear touches tapestries with war hammer. ,,And the history of town.''

Globes of light shine as Glols approaches then dim as Spear and Kirra pass. He stops before door. ,,Lost to the defeated.''

A door creaks open.

A light shines

A large room opens as a ball of light pushes the darks to the edges of the room's wooden walls. Block and tackle, chaines, wheels, drills lay on shelves, hang on wall, sit in wooden boxes. Thick dust coats the floor, walks and shelves creating a dance of foot prints over the floor around a large covered object.

Glols walks to the thick wool sheet over the large object, says, ,,Hold breath, cover eyes,'' then he pulls the wool sheet.

Dust billow and blows.

Spear coughs. Glols clears his throat.

The dust falls. The dust settles over the shelves, the floor and a wagon.

A wagon as long as three heights of Spear and wide than one height of Spear lays setting. Six wheels are attached to either sides. four seats lift from the center and the arm lenght walls. The walls cover the base of the wagon. Stick and levers sprout from the front and back of the wagon. Changes and gears wrap and span from each of the wagon's there axels.

Spear looks at the gears, chains and wheels. ,,Minst should have come.''

Minst sits and eats with Jan. He swallows and feels a pain in stomach that spreads to a feeling of heavy weighing down. He holds his poop, stands and looks into the room and at Myst.

Myst humms and sees sun illusions create spackles and flashes. She watches the sun rise over a plane of desert. She feels the heat burn away fear. She sees a white tower rising above thousands of buildings and homes spanning from a valley onto a mountains side as the mountian rises beyond the clouds.

Then all in the building hear steps and clicking. They hear sounds of metal clashing.

Someone in the alley hollers. ,,OPEN.''

The songs of Reighn silience with the talk.

Myst blinks.

A distant pound is heard.

''OPEN!'' is shouted.

Myst sees a room and an unmoving hobgoblin.

Willam sees the guitars hanging on the wall. He sees a guitar with a long neck and an head side body. Five strings are pull over the neck and bars.

A song of a playing guitar stums in William's mind.

William stand and grabs the guitar on the far wall. Then the guitar solo stops.

Shake doesn't hear the guitar solo nor silence. He hears the course, pain filled hits of noise that becomes silence when a sound of click and clack play. Time begins again for Shake then Guile.

Clicks and clacks echo thorugh the alley into the window.

Guile's lost mind finds where the body sits in a room empty except the insturments hanging on walls.

,,This is a trap. A traps. This is...'' Shake walks fast the window, leans between the candle and the sitting, starring hobolin. 

The candle blows out.

Outside torch clubs illuminate. Hobgoblins and goblins wearing black leather armor clad with shining plates clutter through the alley intersection.

Hugoblins stand before doors knocking and pounding.

Lights brighten from windows. Shutters open.

Shake walks fast from window and past Myst through the door mumbling, ''This is a trap, a trap.'' 

William hears the knocking and walk with guitar to window. 

A few doors open before, and a horde of goblins rush through the doors.

,,We need to go,'' says William.

Myst stands and watches then hears the knocking, clickig, clacking and footstep. She watches William walk past. 

William grabs Guile and pulls him to a stand.

,,Are they trying to get inside?'' says Minst. He touches the spin of spell book and grabs spell components for a fireball. 

William drags Guile to the door and into the hall

Guile's mind bounces and hits pain through body. The residue of the sound echoes in mind. 

William pushes back Minst. ,,Where's Spear?''

,,Down,'' says Minst.

Jan stands and swallows. She toses the leaf wrap of food paste to ground then grabs staff and stands. She feels nothing, but hears and sees.

Guide says, ,,Shaman calls. We will meet.''

,,WE, we will go!'' Shake strides to stairs. He glances at William pocket with vial.

Guile sits and hears Shake exclaim. He feels the Heart Dagger beat and grips its handle. He pulls it from rope and stands. He feels the heart beat of the Heart Dagger thump. The steps to toward the window and feels the beath thumb and thumb a quicker beat.

The heat beat of Heart Dagger thumbs heard as Guile steps to the window and the hobgoblin sitting still on chair by window. 

William steps with creaks and squeaks of wood floor and grabs Guile shoulder. ,,WE GO!''

A knock on door below booms through wood floor. A fuffled series clicks and clack click through door to floor and the walls.

,,Like an instrument,'' says Myst as he pounds in her drum and taps the pace of Guile's Heart Dagger. ''I feel a beat.''

,,And a room to play,'' says William. William pulls on Guile's shoulder.

Guile puts dagger under Robe of Reighn as the heart beat pounds down toward the door along the alley way. He follow Myst and William to Shake and Minst and Guide.

Guide looks at William.

William nods, and Guide leads the part pack down the spireal stairs toward the thumping on door.

Heart Dagger pounds hard and deep and fast as they near the room with the pounding door. The Heart Dagger beats soft and slow as Guile and the part pack step along hall to open double doors.

Myst stops tapping on drum. 

Glols, Spear and Kirra sit on seats long the center of a hitchless wagon. Six wheels are connected with gears. Walls as long as an arm raise to two long, rectangular boxes. 

The boxes are wide enough for William to sit shoulder to should while facing front or back. 

,,Sit, is one of two boxes.'' Glols pulls on a rope. 

wide door opens to a fire lite street. 

Glols says, ,,Myst, please find our beat was we peddle and sing.'' Glols turns peddles with Spear and  Kirra. Glols sings.

The wagon rolls slow and steady. The steel rimmed wood wheels turnwthe axle turned by gears turned by Glols then Kirra then Spear. The steel rimmed stone street klick and tap. 

The city of stone and wood rise and spread before. Pole two levels tall burn rise form the stone street a leap from the doors along the street and at the corners of building blocks blocked by streets. 

Torche lights shine from alley.

,,How will we not be seen,'' says Minst. 

Glols sings. ..We. Will. Sing.'' He hums the says with Myst paced, steady, drum beats. ''I will humm.''

William sets fingers on guitar neck then puks the cords soft and slow. 

The cart rolls past.

The light caste from the alley way fires remain. 

One shouts from the alley behind. 

A hugolbin shouts. ,,OPEN OR WE WELL BREAK DOWN.''

The wagon rolls along.

Minst look forward then behind. He gribs dagger and touches his spin. 

Guide stares at Glols.

Glols peddle and sings. 

Guide fells a vibration then a shock.

A a group of hugoblins wearing hid coats, pants and hats. A few laugh and point. A few sing with Glols some sone with clicks and clack like drum sticks hitting drumstick in rhythm with Myst drum and William's guitar.

The wagon rolls away with the song along the of stone and mud. The steel wheels stick and slip through mud and rock. The two wagon bed and rattel and twist, creak. 

No ones speaks as they sit in one of two wagon beds on the sides of the seats for Kirra, Spear and Glols.

Glols peddles and sings a serenade. 

The serenade spreads and fills the calm night with beauty. 

Kirra doesn't sing. She peddles and balances. She holds bow and quivers to back while pushing on pack and peddling and peddling.

Spear hold war hammer  finding rhythm in the drums, the strums, the singing and the whisktling of Shake.

Myst sees magic.

An illusion is caste around with song. The sound waves and hits color and shade, paint and form, create and move illusions on the pack as if they are Hugoblins. Even Spear's broad face and broad shoulders covered with flesh and dark green flesh.

She hums and drums and lets the song in mind become the song of Reighn sung through Glols. 

Minst watches road and the gears around the axle and peddles turn. He counts the cycles of the gears with the turn of the peddles. He touches the spin of his spell book and drips his component bags and sits and watches the gears spin over the road.

The road spans to the buildings. The building rise from stone blocks. The wooden sidewalks flow before the doors and alleys. Wagons with mounts and without mount lay parked along the sidewalks. Groups and pairs load and unload barrels, boxes and sacks.

Hugoblins and hobgoblins look from their work at the wagon passing. Some whistle and tap and watch while other keep heads down tossing and stacking. Small packs of goblins run from alleys and over the sidewalk. 

The wind gusts and squeaks from hangning signs spush on cart and squeak with the gears.

The gears turn, and Guile stares at the gears, too.

He follows the motion from peddle to gears to axle letting the song from Glols set the pace. 

William watch the alleys, the road and the roof tops. He peers at the goblins, hobgoblins and hugoblins along the path. 

And the song sings as they peddle between the buildings and over the strest to the wall and two towers. The wall twice as high as the walk to the wane

The two towers rise like the two towers to the Set.

Glols sings, peddles and rises an arm.

Above, a hugoblin amoung hugoblins raises a torch and lowers a torch.

Glols sings with clicks and clacks that ticks like many clock as the wagon rolls from stone to mud, from walls of stone to walls of trash.

The song sings over the snow covered trash heaps. Mysts drums follows a circles beat with William's guitar and Shake's humm with Glols' voice.

Glols voice lulls the body to calm and castes the illusion of human to hugoblin. The song calms Guile's mind, Spear's rage, Kirra's suspcision, William's concern, Shake's withdrawels, Jan's sorrow, Minst's curiosity and Myst's awe of the power and Reighn through Glols.

The wagon rolls along from the sight of the tower and into the shadows of mounds and pathways through thrash.

Glols raises feet from peddles and slows the click and clacks from a cresendo to a beat of mechanical clock ticks.

Myst feels the song slow and calm. Her hand raises from her drum. Her eyes see the sound shifting and sliding over the wagon and the pack fade and disperse casting the illusion of dark green skin and wider mouths.

William plays out the guitar song buy strumming hands over all the cords.

The song is silent leaving the squeak and crank of the gears and wheels.

Kirra sees Glols legs riase for peddle and stops her peddle.

Spear steps his peddle and peer along the tops of the trash and into the shadows.

The wagon rolls to a stop at an intersection of wide paths through trash.

,We stop,'' says Glols. He looks to Myst as Myst sits and stares at Glols as the illusions of the song fade. ''Follow the song  seen in the alter room. Be wit Reighn.'' Glogls twist in seat and looks at the pack. ''You run fast to the rise. Road rides to Main Road. I ride through another entrance. Sing our way?''

,,What of the priest,'' says Myst. 

William sits with Myst. ,,What will the patrol do if they find you?''

Shake leaps from the wagon and lands on frozen muck. ,,The man said run fast, not slow talk and sit.''

Minst runs fingers and blows in hands, stands. ,,How is Main Road written in surface talk as it is spoke from goblin tongue?''

Glols speaks and spells with surface letter. ,,H I G L L A  J U L.''

William says, ,,Thank you, Glols. I will sing a prayer for you safety.'' William stand and jumps from wagon.

Myst looks from Glols to Wiliam and follows William's jump to the ground.

Kirra dismounds the seat and peddles steps and leaps. ,,If we run the wall, will we be hidden?''

,,Run the walk walls and trash slow, hidden,'' says Glols. 

Guile stands with a grunt and heave. His stomach sways. He climbs down the side of the wagon. His mind falls to the frozen muck broke beneath feet. He begins to walk Rise through the wide road guide by walls of trash that rise to mounds. He sees through the gray shades the world of dark gray of night. He holds cough and walk matching peices of bones with animals through the wood, glass, metal shards and chunks.

Jan stands and leads, and Spear steps from seat. He says while dismounting to ground, ,,You have saved. My I save you some cycle.''

,,Thank Reighn,'' says Glols and he twists his seat. ''Reighns sings our fate.''

Spear walks the ground along waging to stand near Glols. ,,I thank you.''

Guide leaps by Spear and stands.

Jan steps into trash and appears at the top of the trash. 

Kirra climbs the stone wall to Jan and the trash beyond.

Spear nods to Glols and follows Kirra.

Shake glances at the pocket of William holding the vial of speed, steps after Guile, nods to Glols, ,,I will thank you for song or tale bought for coin.'' He strides, ''Guile, we need to climb.''

,,I walk,'' says Guile as he walks along the walls and in the dark between the trash walls.

,,Guile,'' says Shake. Shake stands and watches Guile walk in the shadows. 

Willliam walks to Shake. ,,Please help me my friend, climb this wall.''

Shake looks at William and glances at William's pocket with the vial of speed. ,,I'll help.''

Spear steps to top and walks along uneven trash top near the stone wall the rises three times the height of William.

Guide steps near Shake. 

Spear says, ,,Need a rope to lift you my friend.'' His smile is hid by the dark. 

,,No, my friend,'' William lets voice feel to chuckle. He grabs wall.

,,Be you haste,'' says Glols and he pivots seat and peddles the horseless cart along a lane the span to the Wax. ''Sing to self and watch for the torch lights.''

Myst hears the song and feels the need to make haste. 

The clank and crack and slop of muck splash a song for Myst, which she lets keep in mind. She follows the notes to climb the wall to the top. 

Glol's song flows with words that are like the wind and the click of the roads.

William watches as he reaches and pulls and slips to be caught by Guile and Shake.

Shake steals the vial from William's pocket. ,,Need a boost, Minst,'' says Shake.

Minst climbs and uses a hand for Kirra to grab and pull him over the wall to the top.

The pack apart from  Guile stand on the trash.

The trash rolls and dips from a slop to high stumpy mounds to deeps mounds. The stone wall span to the Rise until the pack sights see no more. Lights twinkinl along the horizon to the Wax, Wane and Rise. Lights beam from the spheres of light hovering over the city. 

The two towers at the rise gate are dist enough to look like branchless trees close than they are near.

,,What was that place?'' says Minst.

,,A lost city,'' says William. 

Shake puts speed vial into a pock on his hip of the branching armor. His mind is calm and spreading through body. ,,Let it remain lost.''

Kirra steps to Rise over broken bottles and rotten wood chips. 

Guile walks toward the rise between the walls and the shadows breathing the mustard and mint cloths.

Pack walks over trash, between trash, along the road and night.

William foot breaks ice under snow patch. His leg falls

Snow patches cover ice. 

A torch lights shines bright. Then two torchles

,,We should hide off the roid,'' says William.

Spear grips war hammer. ,,Hide.'' He swings hammer. ''Surprise.''

Shake shivers and shakes a piece of sticky cloth from foot. ,,Maybe we use their cloths for disguse. Tired of these goblins. Slimy thing-''

,,Quiet, Shake,'' says Myst as she steps between mounds crushing snow and rotting and dry flesh bones. 

Kirra says, ,,Stealth is a weapon.''

Spear nods and follows Myst and Kirra between the rows. 

Shake spits and steps after Kirra. ,,And our heavy feet leave path a blind goblin would find with hands tied.''

The bones crunch and crumple like sand stone beneath the frozen snow. 

The wind blows and the cold goes deep to the bone. 

Minst doesn't feel the cold under Kirra's Magical Garments. He feels components of a fireball and magic arrows in one hand. He touches the spine of spell book with other. He looks at the torch light down the rode. He looks through the dark seeing William stand near.  

Gulie steps between Minst and William.

Minst looks at William. ,,I don't want to fight.''

William stares at Minst. ,,You don't need to fight, my friend. You don't need to continue to travel to the Rise.''

Minst grips components in fist and steps after Shake.

Guide follows, and William steps with leaving Jan standing on the road.

William looks back at Jan.

Jan stands and watches the light. She staps her staffinto the ground and stares then follows William. melting the snow steps as she walks, seeping into the ground as she moves off the trail.

Off the trail, the pack walks until the mounds hide them from the road's path and sight. 

Shake pulls down pants and shits.

William shifts and pulls and unlatches to pee.

Spear and Kirra squat and let the poop and pee fall silent.

Minst steps back from the slight fumes warming the cold. ,,Why do this now?'' He cruches snow. ''Will the not smell?'' He bumps Jan.

Jan stands and lets the heat drain from her body and  melt the snow around feet and ankles and over the base of mounds. 

The foot prints and clumps of snow melt the path. 

,,Too cold to smell,'' says Kirra.

Snow falls.

They shit and pee then they drink, wait, eat, wait and see and wait.

Snow 9iles on head tops and shoulders. 

The torch light flicker and tracs a path of flame along road over snow and bettween mounts.

The sound of cow bells and squeaking wagon wheels are heard before the fire's radiating light shines away the shadows before the pack.

Spear, Kirra and Shake step quiet and calm and hide in shadows then peer between mounds.

Guile thinks to Shake's mind. >Open to me, and I will feel your senses.<

<Open,> thinks Shake.

Five hugoblins sihlouettes walk pasts silent. Dark dagger are gripped in the sihlouettes hands. Small cross bows are loaded and attached to foreamrs. Armor tight over body. Fire light far behind flashes a metal stud from a sihlouette.

A goblins jumbs from ground to side of mound near Spear, Kirra and Shake.

spear smiles and grips has war whammer and pick. 

Kirra stand.

Shake smiles.

Guile grabs Heart Dagger from scabbard. 

William grips  sword and crunches snow.

One hugoblin with daggers and mini-crossbows stops in the dark near the mounds.

The goblin on mound crawls around mount to the mound top. It swats and snow.

The hugoblins stopped steps and stares to the Wane. 

Torch light illuminates thumb nail sized metal plats over the hugoblin's green leather armor. The goblins leather helmet studded and shining the torch light.

The hugoblins stares. 

Spear's muscles flex and arms lift pick and war hammar. 

The goblin on the mounds sniffs. 

Hugoblins and hobgoblins wearing hide coats and pants pull wagons and carts. They hold torch clubs and walk around with packs full with bed rolls over packs fulls and stacked. 

They march in short step throught the snow and ice that becomes water and mud as wagons roll past. 

Sacks are stacked from carts to over mounds. Canon balls rise from wagon backs no taller than spear. Canons mounted on steal wheels with a seat and peddles. 

The soldiers march with wagon wheel turn.

Rows and columns of hugoblins and hobgoblins march and march and march.

The goblin on top of the mound runs down the mound and to the legs of the hugoblin standing and staring between the mounds hiding Spear, Kirra and Shake.

Spear still smiles and feels the rage of bashing goblins. His still body primed for leaping and swinging.

Kirra steps silent and calm through the shadows to other mounds to see. 

Shake shifts and looks along mound to the walking army. 

A row of short beings walk past. 

Shake peers, and Guile sees.

Gnomes walk, march and limp. The cary packs, bed rolls on back. They hold handled boxes, levers, gears, block and tackels and rope. 

a mass of goblins run over the ground and mounds.                                                

The ground pounds. There is a low boom and splash.      

A horde of goblins rushes past over the mounds and near Kirra, Shake and Spear. One runs over Shake. The gobins horde runs away.
         
Low slow groan maons through the darf of night. 

The hugoblin peering through the mounds at Shake, Spear and Kirra steps with goblin and walks with march to the Set.

A sucktion pop is followed by a boom splat. The booms and splats become steps. 

The low groan with squeaks wheels in a larg cart. 
 
A giant as tall as a mountain giant pounds the ground and pulls a cart with gianing oak trunks walls of a wagon.

A wide and long wagin with wheel as big as a house roll a a box as big as two levels of Coal's Hotel with old oak trunks the walls. Windows spot the wall and clow yellow. At the two level tall flat roof, a railing support mounded cross bows  and a balista.

The wheels roll past.

Hobgoblins and hugoblins hearding cattle and sheep. They guide oxen pulling covered wagons and carts with sacks and hay. Anvils, pots, cloth bundles, spikes, ropes roll past on oxen pulled carts.

Kirra smells the beefa nd sweat of meat. Spear wiffs the fat and feels the want of food.

Kirra, Spear and Shake stand between mounds, in the shadows and watch the goblins procession pass. 

The torch light dims between the mounds that William, Minst, Guide, Guile, Myst and Jan stand. 

Guile says, ,,The gobins have passed.''

,,What was that?'' says Minst.

,,War,'' says William. He steps along the trail to the Spear and Kirra and Shake.

Spear and Kirra and Shake all look to the road. They hear Wiliam's steps. They see sihlouttes with daggers walk past. 

Goblins run along the edges of the deep wheel wells.         

William's then Myst's then Minst's feet cruch snow. 

A sihlouttes stops and coughs. The coughs sounds like a human hack and cloud click of hollow sticks.

The pack holds silent. 

The hugoblins walk and pass. 

The snow falls.

And the snow falls.

Then Kirra step between the mound toward the Rise then steps to the road. She whispers with the wind. 

The wind carries her whisper to Jan. 

Jan steps past William letting her foot falls crush and melt the snow. She feels the cold. She feel the wind blow between the holes in her rope.

Her rope blows in bits from her body and from the algea. The ropes surface is black, green and gray. The gray blows away. 

Moon light shines on Jan.

Shake sees Jan's naked arm then her bare feet. He knocks off snow and steps to road and looks to the Set.

To the Set, lights flicker and burn between the mounds then fade to darkness. 

Shake walks to the Rise and past Kirra.

Kirra hears Jan's foot steps through the mounds then the road. 

Patches of rope around Jan's shoulder blows to skin. 

Jan holds her shiver as She looks at Kirra through the heat sight then walks after Shake. 

Kirra steps and follows.

William stumbles to Spear. 

Spear watches the Set with war hammar and pick handled gripped in fists. Spear smells on the rot and feces. His body burns for hunger. He grabs a food ball, bites and knaws through the root, nuts and vegetables. 

William walks past stopping for a stares then walking with Shake. 

Spear follows step. 

The pack falls in line walking between deep wheel wells and the mounds. 

The snow falls. 

The stars in the sky shift. 

Cold spreads over feet and hands. 

Hide coats, Blue's Armor, Branching Armor and undergarmets and shifts and pulled to cover the cold.

Kirra walks without path along the road smelling puddle of piss and poop. She smells the cold clean wind. She hears the steps of William and feels the presence of Shake.

Shake grips the pocket with the vial of Speed. He feels his heart beat as if it is his hand. 

Willliam looks back at Myst then forward then back. He plays a song in mind, eats, shifts should plate to not rub shoulder. William looks back at Myst.

Spear is between Myst and William. Spear walks through the cold letting the heart slow to a freeze pace as he lumbers and slops and steps hrough the snow. He flexes muscle here and there to warm the spots of cold. He brings the cold in and smiles feeling the breeze and snow show the right of assage set. His mind follows the straight body path from the sound of his body and the calm of the area to find thoughtless existance. Spear sees through the dark and sees a shadows appear, sihlouttes to contrast then hide inot hte darkness.

Spear's world shifts and slips and spreads. His mind spreads through the shadows and scurries over the snow. He feels claws digging snow. He smell fresh piles of rotand warmth of holes. Spear's body walks feeling the sense for danger as Spear's mind and soul flow.

Myst hears only the sound of Reighn and sees the notes play from mind to sight. 

The notes rise waves and archs arond the mounds and the people. Then notes plays waves and ripples to create an illusion around William and Shake. 

Myst hums with sound with the wind that only Spear and Kirra hear apart from the blow. The song blows and shows Myst's mind the mounds and the wheel wells in the ground. She looks at William and Shake.

Minst blows in hands against the wind. He thinks he hears Myst's song, but hear only the internal talk of spells ruines shiping in mind. He thinks and sees the exploding head of the hobgoblin during the bloody battle. The feeling of horror at the joy he felt for the kill cycles thoughts of nothing. He touches the spine of spell book and hangs head. 

Guile follows Minst and Myst like a zombie body stumbling and slipping over the mud and snow under a bundle of of the robe. Guile sees boths Shake's sight and sight from his head. Guile stares with eyes and repeats with mind the sound and talk of Minst.

Jan watches her robe blow away. She grips her staff and reaches to feel roots and grass and animals. The energy spans, and Jan walks. She walks to the snow and feel the wind blow not her body away but the mind. Her mind an thought feel to freeze into the ground. Not a sound she makes, nor smell is felt through the snow and the mou
nds of dead.

Guide watches Jan's shoulders slump and feels the rope blow away with the wind. He walks looking at Spear and feeling Spear's energy calm the land.

The wind blows from the Rise to the set blowing snow flakes at face.

Night becomes dawn. From the rise, the sun rays shine black to gray.

Clouds cover and illuminates little but mounds tall and fresh. Bodies left to death and decay rot in stacks of bone and flesh.

The wide road...

The pack shivers and bundles and walks to the light.

The snow fall stops.

Minst blows.

William is the first to talk, says, ,,We need sleep, rest.'' The words are loud enough for all the hear.

,,Where are we?'' says Minst.

William grabs the Goblins Map and lifts it to the sun. ,,May we see if your map, my friend Minst.''

Minst blows into hands and nods. 

,,Camp,'' says Kirra. She steps from the road betweent the mounds.

The mounds rise with light snow covering bones still covered with cloths and rotten flesh. The trail between the mounds a frozen ground of dirt and snow. 

Red ice and brown piles appear unders the foot prints through the snow. 

Kirra finds between the space of distand mounds a place as wide as the rode and as long as two mounds. She throws her pack on ground then climbs a mound.

The pack follows.

,,The map,'' Kirra says as she climbs to mound top.

William climbs the mound kick snow and cloth bundles the ground. 

Spear follows with ease. 

Shake climbs to find the top.

,,Minst,'' says William. 

Minst sighs and climbs to top between Spear, Kirra, Minst, Shake.

William slides, climbs, slides then rest at the mound top. He unrolls the map intot he wind.

Shake reaches and grabs a map end.

Guide watches Spear at the top of the mound. Then he stands to look between the mounds and shadows. 

Jan stands and watches dust blow from her cloak. She sits on to the ground feeling ice melt and freeze her skins. She lets the staff fall and chest slump to her lotus folded legs. 

Myst watches the groups with song as song forms a mental image in sightless mind. Her eyes are around the nots and song. She hums and whistles the song fo Glols as th e peddled. She begins a lyrical talk with Reighn mumbling. ,,Reighn you song can show the path and caste illusion. And an illusion is a lie then why? Why...''

Song plays for Myst and she sways to a seat. 

The song is heard by William and Shake, but no louder than the wind.

William, Shake, Minst, Spear stare through the Goblin Map. 

Three text blocks appear large, small and medium over the translusent surface of map. The 

,,What was that word?'' says Minst. The cold blows a chill over skin. ''I didn't hear.''

,,Hig,'' says Spear then he pauses.

,,Hig. Hig,'' says Shake. ''Higga jul or jool or jowl.'' He looks at William.

William looks to Myst to say words with her song. William hears hears a song like Myst's drum beat to the blow of the wind. The word, ,,Higlla Jul,'' blows and twist through mind and body. ,,H I G L L A  J U L,'' says William.

Shake points to the small sized word between the medium and large word over the mounds and the horizon. ,,That is it?''

,,The main road,'' says Spear.

Minst blows in plams and pulls scroll from scabbard and unrolls. The detailed map of a city spans over fields and hills and lines of roads. The roads slowly turn over the map over a  road that travels from Set to Rise with roads from directiosn and cruves bisecting the straight road Rise to Set. 
 
,,Main road,'' says Shake. He points dirty finger at the map and at the stright bold line. ''That line. That's a main road. Main something. Look at it. It's got to be the road.''

Minst shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

Kirra looks at map. ,,Where?''

,,What is this location?'' says William pointing to the bottom of the map. 

Minst peers. He shifts stance and lay over the mound top. ,,I believe it was a pond or trees. Maybe a hill.'' Minst looks at the map and hold it up to the sun and stares.

Shake leans in. ,,The words on the side.'' He squints. ''How close? Hopefully...'' He feels slow and forget his thought. Shake looks at Jan. ''Can you read?''

,,A SWAMP!'' say Minst loud. He moves his map before William and stares. ''It's a swamp!''

,,A swamp?'' says William. 
          
,,Yes,'' says Minst. ''Yes. I remember. This line is a road. I think it si the road we will journey to.'' Minst points below the map about half it's length below. ''Here there are roads that angle toward this main thick line here.'' He points to the swamp and the road. ''There is a river too, some where.'' He points to William's translucent map with text above the plane. ''Jan, jan, what's that word here.'' He points clean finger at the small words.

Jan pronounces the word, ,,Digrajul Hasli. A river of waste.''

,,The river along the main road,'' says William. ''So we are off the map. It is unfortunate we have no way of finding distance.''

,,And this other words that is big is Hasli,'' say Jan. ''Trash.''

,,Everything around,'' says Shake. ''What is this place?''

,,How many cycles will we be on map?'' says William looking at Minst.

Minst stares and thinks and looks at the map. 

Shake looks at Shake. ,,William. This was probably, probably a trash city.'' Shake squeezes the pocket with the file of speed vial feeling its pinky size body warm palm, but not touching the speed liquid. ''A trash land. Why would they bring all that stuff here. Here. Are they looking for something.'' Shake talks, but his mind feels no buzz and the voice are slow to talk and find the points. ''These are...'' Shake looks at the mounds. ''These are new mounds of dead and trash.''

The wind blows and mist of snow stings their faces like the sun lights stings their eyes as they stare into the dawn.

Spear looks at Minst then lowers hand and foot.

,,Ten cycles to the map,'' says Minst. He looks at William. ''Then thirty to the tower.''

,,Thirty cycles.'' Shake moves lips while he counts thirty to... ''Forty!'' 

William looks from Minst throough the map and to the horizon. ,,A journey longer than I would have hoped for a path that leads through a land controlled by goblins.''

,,And a fight,'' says Spear with a chuckle on his way down.

,,Forty cycles,'' says William as Kirra lowers to the ground.

,,Forty?'' says Shake. ''But what's. ...What's.''

Minst folds and rolls the map. He touches the spine of his book and climbs to the bottom.

William follows saying, ''Forty...''

Then Shake remains remains looking at the mounds short and tall into the horizon and the sun shines.

The sun shines and rises... The shadows shift through the day over the pack.

The pack rests.

Kirra sits and ties quivers together and searches pack for wet, mold and rot. She drinks from mug and hands mug to Jan then packs her pack leaving fletching kit bofore her.

Jan takes mug drinks then gives the mug to William. She shivers and puts pack on waist hiding the missing rope near leg. Jan tried to push her mind from body, but the body remains. 

William grabs the mug, drinks and stands. He walk to Shake and kneels. He puts hand on Shake shoulder and says, ,,Kicker died because he wanted adventure as the rest.'' William holds the mug before Shake.

Shake looks from his stare between the mounds to William. ,,Kicker died because he was stapped with a sword. Everything dies.'' Shake pulls his wine carraffe from bundle and drinks.

,,May I have some water,'' says Minst.

William nods from Shake to Minst to a stand. 

Minst clears snow from ground. He unrolls Blue's Armor over gound and sits on top.

William drops the mug by Minst.

Minst looks-up and smiles.

William winks.

Minst drinks water from mug. He pulls spell book from armor and reads. He checks his components in belt pouch and pack. He grips his sling then reads and see the shapes and releifs of spells. He drinks water from mug then follows a circle expand to glance at Guile then blindly tap Guile with the mug

Guile feels the top on the shoulder through the Robe of Reigh. A hand appears from robe and grabs the mug. Guile drinks and mumbles to self. He looks through a tunnel created with the hood of the robe. He watches Guide and tries to enter Guide's mind, but there are not thoughts to find.

Guide stands toward the Wax and peers between mounds. He stands nearly still. He feels Spear's calm and fearless mind focus sight upon each of the pack.

Spear hits the saddle packs of Kicker and William's shoulder. ,,Food,'' he says. He pulls food from pack. He tosses on at Kirra and eats another.

Kirra turns head then body to catch the food ball. ,,Food,,'' says Kirra. She eats.

Spear eats and pulls bastard sword from sheath. ,,The mug,'' he says.

Guile hears Spear's voice and repeats the sound, see Spear's in mind and body moving like a puppet. He grabs the Heart Dagger.

,,Mug,'' says Spear loud near Guile.

A blunt force like an arrow of Guile's thought hitting a wall shakes through Guile. 

Guile grips the mug and holds the mug from robe.

Spear grabs the mug, drinks and holds the mug before Myst.

Myst drinks water and hears a music in her swallow and the breathe in mug. She taps drum top with mug. He rubs the drum tap and softly taps. 

The taps fade to silence as the sound spans from the pack's camp ground in between the mounds.

Myst tops the mug to Kirra near her quivers as Kirra inspects the bows. Myst lets the sight be seen with song as she sings with Reighn about the illusion of sight and the power of sound.

Shake hears Myst's hum and slight tap on drum and mumbles... ,,Your song needs an epilogue.'' Shake opens his leather sack full of goblin booty. He shifts and moves three copper, a silver, three fake cold goins, a gold necklace, a balanced dagger, ten pair of wool gloves, flint and steel, oil, tobacco and pack full of dried meat inside. He eats the dried meat and hold the hair gloves. ''Hair gloves anyone?'' He put a pair over hands then throws the gloves to the ground. The looks at the necklace and finds it worthless. He tosses it a side and flips the dagger in one hand while gripping the speed with the other.

,,Whose hair?'' says Minst.

Shake puts hair gloves over hands.

The gloves are the size of gloves for kids, but expand over hand and holding close to skin.

Shake lifts hands and wiggles warming fingers.  ,,Some one with a cold head and hands.''

Guile grabs a pair of wool gloves the size of hands and puts them over fingers. He looks at the gloves. He eats, shits then clears snow from spot and sleeps. His mind creates a maze and drawing of the world in relief form to be seen. The voice of the pack and the click of goblins talk sooth Guile to sleep

Minst grabs a pair of wool gloves and read his spells and moves his hands and mumbles to sleep.

,,Sleep,'' says Spear to William as William stand and stares between the mounds.

William looks at Spear. ,,After you, my friend.''

Spear sits and lays against a mound. ,,I will sit until I sleep.''

,,And play with your sword?'' William smiles and lets pack fall to ground. 

Spear looks up from bastard sword on lap to William. ,,I haven't played with it in a while?''

William chuckles. He steps past pack and Myst. He humms with her light taps then whistles with wind. He looks at the guitar the size of hand with neck as long as forearm.

Guide feels from Spear the joy and feels like a magic force a bond the project through Guide. Guide stands and stares as the sun rises.

The sun falls.

Shake sits and rubs charcoal on thumb, snaps, says, ,,THE MAGIC WORD,'' and sees sparks and small flames the blow out with the wind. Shake sits and cuddles. He hold the pocket with the vial all while mummbling with Myst's drum hit. ,,Can't be good if thought bad. From the set and to the Rise. The sun is shining in our eyes. We are blinding...We are blinding...'' then Shake Sleeps.

Kirra, Jan, Myst, Minst, Guile, William and Spear sleep until Guide sits the Spear wakes.

The shadows span from the Set to the rise. The area of the camp in shadow dark.

No wind blows nor clouds hang above.

The light blue sky spans cloudless as far as Spears sees.

The pack lays around the camp. They cuddle and craddle the other. They sleep near and far.

Spear climbs a mound to the rise and looks over the mounds top.

Smoke rises from the Rise, Wax, Wan and Set. To the Set, a small smoke pilliar rise a long run. To the rise a smoke haze hangs along the Set horizon. The smoke horizon become more bllue and dark. To the Wax, two pillars of smile rise and bend to the sky. To the wane, no smoke rises nor is seen. To the Wane, the horizon flat pops to a peak near the midde. To the Rise the land is caste in shadows.

The sounds of clam spreads like and shell around the mounds. Only the snores give a music.

The sun sets. Then the sun falls.

The cold deepens through the skin and cloths.

Shivers wake William. William hold hand in pits and lays near Myst. He looks at he hears slumped over her drum sleeping. A braid of black hair hangs.

Myst hears Williams stare and focus as a drum thump bangs mind then moves hand to tap her drum.

The drum thumps and wakes all but Guile.

Guile snores, gags and snorts then lays still.

William lays.

Kirra wakes. She eats, pack and stands with blow in hand. The two guivers rest next to pack. She steps near Jan.

Jan lays on ground near naked. The robe over her body lays in a pile around her near naked body. Her staff is cluched in her. Jan doesn't shiver nor feel the cold as Jan wakes.

Jan wakes feeling like the desert. Her skin if froze to the ground.

Kirra stares and steps to the camp edge.

Jan sits and sstares at the spots of the mold and moss robe piece over breasts, hips and thighs. She scoops a pile of moss and mold dust and lets it slep from her fingers.

Spear looks at Jan's near naked body. Then he stares as his body pumps and smells her sweat. He steps then see Kirra look back. Spear grabs the roll of hide armor and tosses it to Jan. ,,For the cold.''

Jan looks at Spear and nods. ,,Thank you, but I am not cold.'' Jan feels no cold. She feels the grains for snow and the body she has with the ice beneath.
She stands with staff and pack.

Myst wakes.

William moves and stands and blows in hands. He grabs pack and straps it to back.

Myst hits drum top, and Shake wakes.

The drum hit makes a beat begin in Shake's mind and for him to begin to mumble. ,,Can't be good when thought bad. Maybe this life ain't all there's to be had. Maybe there's time beyond our minds. Maybe this is within a God's time. Now don't you be sad. Nobody going to care for you if you bad. And no matter the hope of what...'' Shake bundle sack into pack and stands with wine caraffe attached to lips. He grips the pocket with the vial of speed and steps near William.

Guile snores and rolls until the snoring stops.

,,Minst,'' says Myst. He humms an note long enough to become a tune until she says again. ''Minst.'

Minst sleeps. A sphere expands around as squares and a flash of fires fills the sphere. The fire bursts then a the outlines of a relief of a black dragon burns in mind. The flame relief of the black dragon swoops and dives...

,,MINST,'' say Kirra.

Minst hears and sees the black dragon dive through mind then feels the shake of and mint smell of myst.

,,Minst,'' says Myst.

Minst opens eyes and sees the snow, mud and piles of trash and bodies and Kirra's boots. He touches the spin of his book and the components pack.

,,Need the garmets for Jan,'' says Kirra. Kirra looks down and stares.

Minst blinks. ,,What?''

,,The garmets warm you,'' say Kirra focusing stare to a peer. ''Jan needs the garmets.''

Jan walks by Kirra, says, ,,No.'' The walks toward William.

William stares at Jan's near nakes body then looks toward the rise. ,,We need to begin our journey to the Rise and to the lands unknown.''

Spear walks past and slaps the saddle bags and William's shoulder. ,,To the rise.''

Shake mumbles and steps with a shiver. ,,From Lyno to the Higlla Jul. Following the Rise like the fool.'' He pulls on Guile's Robe of Reighn.

Guile wakes and swats and stands. He pees as Spear steps with kirra, Guide and Jan, Myst and Minst between the roads toward the Wax and the road.

,,Shake,'' says William as he follows Spear.

Shake stands. ,,Come, Guile. There's no going back now.''

Guile steps soft and feels a slight shock in ankle that numbs after a few steps. ,,Can't be good if though bad.''

Shake and Guile join the pack.

The pack follows the road.

The road spans through the mounds to the Rise horizon converging with the night sky and the stars shining. Snow covered wheel runs dip and roll over road.

The smooth snow covers all but the edges of the wheel wells and parts of the mounds.

A gust becomes a breeze and a breeze chills and blows between the mounds.

The tall mounds shrink and spread between the spans and stacks.

The pack walks and steps.

Kirra, Jan, Guide, Myst, Minst, Spear, William, Shake and Guile walk single file over the road.

Kirra walks and runs trying to leave to trace in the snow or sound after she goes. She sees plants grow and bones stick from the mounds peering at them as the road flows. She watches the night. She walks and puts salve and past on face over the stings over cheek. With Jan, she walks.

They don't talk with words, but with body. Kirra look at Jan's near naked form and find their pace.

Jan feels no cold nor smells no rot and decay nor hears no gusts. Jan feels her skin flake and fall like snow to the ground. Her staffs leads her walk and jog. She tries to push from her body through the energy of a plant found by Kirra, but her minds remains in body. She lets her mind flow through the memories of the canyon and the swamp and the battle with Blue. She feels the memories of being one with water dry and blow away...

Guide walks and walk and watches through the mounds and the road. He grabs a handfull of snow and eats to drink.

Myst walks and sings tone and whistles. She lets the voice of Reighn sing and control the flow of her song to caste image like relief drawings around the pack's path.

The illusions brighten then fade.

The song of Reighn feels to warm Minst, Spear, and William. William hears the song from Myst and grabs his mini guitar and strikes a cord.

Myst closes eyes and walks with the sound scape before her.

Minst hears the song from Myst, but feels only the warm from the notes and the soothing of the song of the stings over darts over body. He grabs the goblins book and opens the pages. White his night sight on page, Minst read the goblin runes and feels the power. His feet stumble step and find a path.

The path of Minst is on Spear doesn't follow.

Spear walks watching the shadows and the night. He walks letting all senses span for the enemry. He holds is war hammer and pick.

William walks and pluks guitar strings find tune and pace.

Shake humms. ,,From Lyno to the Higlla Jul. Following the Rise like the fool.'' He snaps and soft claps and says, ''Lyno to Higlla Jul. Follow Rise like a fool.'' Shakes smiles. ''On a quest for The Small Shield. Through the mounds of a dead field.'' His voice mummble and hands move and make shapes. He walks, looks back to Guile then grabs the pocket with vial.

Guile walks slow. Each step spreads the span between the pack and he. His feet spread the cold. His mind feels warm as it repeats and shows the act of Minst talking and touching the spine of spell book and tugging on knife scabbard. He thinks of Shakes twitches and peering and mumbling.

His mind tumples and rolls along the thought...

Torch light is seen.

The pack steps from the road. They eat, drink, piss and shit. They wait.

Torch light flicker past.

A group of hugoblins hodling long swords, short swords, small and medium shields. They were leather armor, studded leathor armor, hide padding and chain mail. Coifs cover heads and hears. Four wagons and a small herd of cattle roll past.

Spear smells the sweat from beef and steps toward the sight.

William grabs shoulders.

The group rolls along the road.

Shake mumbles loud.  ,,On a quest For The Small Shield. Through mounds of a dead field. ...The cold warmed. The...'' He shakes head. ''Can't be good if thought bad.'' He hums. She snaps fingers with charcoal while saying, ''THE MAGIC WORD.'' He blows from mouth and points to Minst while burping.

Minst feels a force of magic caste over him, but become lost in the weave wrapping his mind and body. Minst opens his spell book and reads as he finds the weave around.

The weave around feels to glow and grow with Myst soft song. The lines deepin and cross then scribble away.

The song spreads and covers. It creates a map in Minst mind.

The pack walks and walks. Then stops and waits from more torches and creatures to pass.

Then the sun light shines over the horizon.

The road and mounds span to a horizon that is flat and raised like a hear to a peak.

The pack finds no opening, but only a wide space between mound to sleep. They sit and lay. They watch and pray. 

The sun rises. 

The sun falls. 

Kirra and Jan watch them all as Jan watch the last of her robe fall to the snow.

Jan covers body with Blues Armor tieing the ties to shorten the lgs and arms. They shift the ties and latches for waste to flow throw. 

They do not talk as the sun rises. The sleep as the sun descends.

Kirra nudges Spear's shoulder.

Guide wakes and stares as Spear moans and rolls to a sit and confused gaze.

Spear sits and stretches, swing hammer and swords. Feels the warmth and heat.

The sun lowers and sets. 

The pack wakes. They eat and drink. The poop and pee. The walk the dark road to the Rise.

They stand in silent. They pack bags. They cover and walk to the road. 

Under the sky, the walk.

Large white flat clouds float across the sky to the Set. They gather and darken to a gray. 

The white snow over the gound melts exposing patches of mud, bone and rot mass over the mounds.

The mounds spread and span. They become wide and short mounds with lots of space between the mounds. Trails as wide as Spear is tall walk between the mounds. 

Kirra walk strides and kneels and brushes snow to find the hidden tracks of boots and feet of goblins. 

William says, ,,A song of Reighn to sing us as hugoblins.''

Myst taps her drum to sound to William then fade silence. 

Distant dim light flickers between spread distant large mounds. 

Shake mumbles near a talk, ,,Walking through the land of dead. Wanting only a feather bed. And having a soft pillow for the head. But having only skull and mud for your pillow and bed. On a question that nobody says.'' Shake stops talking. ''On a. That. ...Walking through the land. ...On a question. On a question...''

Night becomes dim as clouds cover the sky. 

,,Where's the heat?'' says Minst.

Guile's muffled voice speaks from the Rope of Reighn. ,,The dessert heat in the center.''

Minst and Guile walk side by side.

The night become dim. The sight of heat near black. Fire lights flicker. 

A distant shout is heard.

Myst sings the song.

They walk along to dawn. 

The eat, drink and sit off road between six large and tall mounds with narrow space between. They sleep with backs and legs making a V. Spear and Guide stand watch and sleep standing.

M inst reads the goblins spellbook until the shapes and lines draw a scribbles of the magic and hurts the mind. He sleeps with headache after the dawn.

During the day Spear feels then Guide knows a moving being. 

A goblins wanders near the other side of mounds then wanders away.

During the day, the song of Reighn in Myst's soul thumps and pounds her awake. The notes caste around the spread mounds sing around a ground of dagger weildling.

Myst walks and taps a beat on drum with the beat of drums that begin to hit through the march. 

Rows and  columns of hobgoblins and hugoblins soldiers march.

Wagons hauling sack, boxes and balls rolls past. A team of gnomse march, walk, shuffle past. Hugolbins and hobgoblins marching in step before a large stone giant sized goblin that pulls the large, wide, buildings sized wagon with three level that include the roof.

The soldiers and war machines are followed by goblins running here and there. Hogoblins hauling packs of pans and spoons and pots. Cages of pigs and giant rats in cages feeding young. Carts of sacks and boxes. Stones, iron and anvils are stacked and pulled.

All of the pack hear. 

William, Shake, Guile, Minst and Myst see through Reighns Song. 

Kirra sees between Spear. Spear stares and watches. Guile feels event through spear.

Then there is quiet. Then there is sleep.

The pack sleeps until Kirra is blinded by the Set of Sun. 

Kirra wakes. She nudges Jan with heel. 

Jan lays fetal in v between the mounds and awakes. She grabs her staff and pack and stand as Kirra walk from the mounds. 

The stand near the edge of road.

Spear feels Kirra step, and Guide feel Spear wake and looks through the night.

Spear nudges William, who sleeps a V. He wakes and falls and stumbles. He nudges Minst and Myst. 

Minst pust goblin spell book in pocket then taps spine of his spell book and stands. 

He helps Myst stand. And Myst hears only the monring wind. 

The pack eats. The pack drinks. The pack pees. The pack poops.

the pack walks along side of road through the night. 

They see goblinkin groups walking with torch along the road.

They walk between the mounds.

The groups of goblins pass.

The pack passes the night walking. Kirra stretches bow, swing short and dagger. Walks and jumps like fighting without sound and leaving little trace. Jan feels like sand and feels her skin blow away as the plants and mold reject her soul and trap it with the body.

The mud covered trails between the short, wide mounds grow grass and vines. 

The vines grow from the mounds and over the wide trails between.

The road flows a WaneRise.

The pack follows off road.

More goblins pass.

The pack eats and walks, drinks and walks, and stops to pee and poop. Minst walks and read goblins spell book. Shake walks and creates fire with thum while raising mumble to a talk, ,,Can't be good even if you should. Can't be...Can't be...,'' as staps finger and a flame appears that he then extinguishes. Myst sings soft tones and whisltes with the song in mind showing her through the night and feeling her mind around the forms of the pack. William walks and listens to Myst and holds is longsword and clenches his guantlet watching the night with his limited sight for anything moving. Spear walks and sees nothing moving through the darkness. Guide walks and follows. Guile walks by Minst and stares through the small hood opening. 

The pack walks and walks.

Goblinkin packs walk past. 

The wide short mounds become narrow short mounds.

Smell of rot spreads and gags.

The dawn shines.

Kirra finds a hidden spot with no path between the narrow of mounds. 

The pack smells wiffs of rot and death. They sit and lay and wrap face and nose. Jan passes around the mustard and mint musk.

Shake mumbles, ,,Walking through the Land of Dead. Dreaming of a feather bed. Walking through the Land of Dead. Dreaming walking of a feather bed.'' Then mumbles to silence. ''Walking through the land of Dead. Dreaming of a feather bed...'' He pull out charcoal, and stains thumb and forefinger. He sits.

,,Where's the snow coming from?'' says Minst

Guile sits near Minst, he pulls hood from head and says, ,,We are going to the edge of a very large desert. It is a desert because nature, magic and the Gods have defiled it soil. Guile points to the set. ''And the sun rises and shines all day the same time everyday. Heating from the center to this cool top. A circulation of heat and moisture clouds the regions and blows the heat to the mountains until it cools then it suck it back to the desert. Sand cools quick.''

The wind gusts.

,,Did you learn this from your father?'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Guile. He smiles near a sneer. ''The cooling of sand I learned in the forges to make glass and cool metal.'' He put hood over head and pulle ends tight then lay on ground.

Minst opens the goblins book, and says, ,,I will watch the night.''

Spear sits against hill. ,,I've heard that before.''

,,We have no swamp water to throw you into,'' says William.

Minst smiles. ,,I have a spell caste around the camp.''

Spells mumbles Spear. 

William snores, then Spear touches his shoulder, and William rolls to side and stops snoring.

The day shines. The shadows turn.

Shake wakes.

Minst is starring at the goblins spell book.

Minst sees...

Shake grabs Minst.

The swirl and twist of images and senses stop. 

Minst jerks and swat and flaps arms like swating away a swarm of bees.

,,Minst!'' says Shake.

Minst looks at Shake. He breathes and stares and Shake then stares and peers around the hills side, the hill tops the small divide between.

Shake says, ,,Sleep.''

Minst looks to the spell book and sleeps sitting slumped.

Shake sits and shivers. He grips the speed vial in hand. 

The smell of campfire smoke flows past. 

Shake watches the shadows point to the Wax then the Rise as the sun sets.

Kirra wakes as the setting sun rays shine on her eyes.

The sun shines between the skiny mounds. The sun rays shine through the mounds.

Sihlouettes of skulls and bones and broken blades creates a pile of beings.

Gulie stares at the death and says, ,,A garbage dump.''

Shake hears as he release grip on pocket with the vial of speed. ,,What?'' says Shake

Minst wakes says, ,,What did you say?''

,,Guile said it,'' says Shake.

Guile rise and pulls back hood. ,,This is a dump like the cistern of our vein. This was a trash dump before the goblins came, and it is a trash dump now.''

Spear, William, Jan, Myst and Guide hear the talk and wake.

,,Why,'' say Minst. He yawns then touches the spine of spell book. ''Why the army marching here?''

William says, ,,No better place to hide an army that among the trash.'' He stands then crouches to a height below the mound tops. ''If you have an army low enough to hide in trash.''

Spear moans and feels a dull pain spread through rips then fade. ,,The losing army will live in trash.'' He stands then crouch.

Kirra stands and lowers head and put bow and pack on back. Quiuvers slide over shoulder. 

Jan stands and shivers.  

The pack drinks, eats, poops and pees.

William takes the first step. Kirra leads. Minst and Guile walk near the other. Minst reads goblin spell book. Guile thinks of the pack's movements and talk and mannerisms

Shake follows rear mummblins and talking. ,,In the trash the victors hide. In the tresh the loser die. In the trash the winners surpirse. In the trash the loser...The losers. ...The losers...''

The voice and talk fade for foot splats and breathe.

The clouds cover. The snow patchs thin to slush and ice mud. 

The mound spread and span. They form rows and columns with even spaces. 

The road widdens.

The pack walks and walks and walks and walks and walks...

The wind blows cold. 

Fire lights flicker between the rows and columns of small grounds. 

Three packs of goblins pass nears. They talk loud and caste fire light.

The pack pauses and waits. They walk and walk and walk.

Through the slop and the mud. The smell of rot seeps throough the musk and mustard.

Clouds cover above. 

The clouds lighten to white to the Rise.

On the rise a distant hill appears.

Spear stops and looks between mounds.

Kirra steps silent and without trail around mounds.

Foot prints of boots, shoes and goblins and hogoboins feet are stuck and froze into ground.

Lines between mounds.

Shake steps behind and looks through the mounds.

,,Shake,'' says William.

Shake looks back. ,,I'll go to the hill.'' He points to the Rise. ''That's a hill.'' Shake lowers hand and looks between mounds. ''I want to sleep there.''

,,We know the mounds,'' says William. ''We know the area.'' William steps to Shake. He grips gauntlet covered hand. Rages burns through body.

,,Next rise,'' says Spear. 

Kirra finds a tight cluster of mounds. She pushes on moudns. 

The mounds do not move.

Kirra whistles like the wind. 

All hear.

,,Next rise,'' says William.

Shake stares. He nods. He says, ,,Can't be good when thought bad.'' He lowers head and follows the source of the whistle. He grabs the pocket with vial of speed and talks to a mumble. ''Lost in mounds of trash. Like a a God's shit stash. Like you are the past...'' 

William follows Shake. His guantlet hand relaxes and opens. He looks at his guantlet and peers and things.

Guile sees through hood William look at guantlet. Guile thinks the thought of the guantlet. He repeats the voice of William in mind while starring at his own clenched fist that become a guantlet. Guile feels William rage focus on fist under Gauntlet.

Guile was by Minst.

Minst says, ,,What do you know of the desert?'' He looks at Guile.

Guile hears William's song of Reighn in mind sooth and calm and let the fist part. Guile feels a focus, a calm and step without fear.

The song of Reighn in Wiliam's mind plays from Myst's mind. Myst lets voice shine like the rising sun beams illuminating the tops of mounds and heads.

The song even sooths Jan who feels warm and hole as she watches her skin fall.

A rash appears on Jan's thigh. Jan sits lotus and thinks way the pain by feeling the plants and snow. She feels cold and shivers. She leans against a mound and sleeps.

Kirra glances at Jan and stands toward the Set.

They sleep.

Guile dreams of the guantlet and the black dragon and Myst. He reads and feels the warm of William and the pain in William's shoulder.

Kirra watches the goblinkin walk here and there. She smells wood smoke and burning fat. She stres and peers and looks round.

The pack sleeps. They eat. They pee and shit.

They sleep as Kirra watches.

Kirra watches and stands and stomps away the sleep.

Spear wakes near sun set, says, ,,Sleep. Need for the body. The fight.''

Kirra nods, sleeps then wakes to the pack beings awake talk.

Spear and William warhammers and axes.

A large crowd goblins wander through the mounds. The torches spread oil and light. The light flickers around the pack.

Click and clack and mumbling and grumbling from goblin mouths surround.

The lights and sounds dance around. The sihlouettes pass. Then like the silence it began only the smell of fat and smoke remain.

They stand for a long run's time then Shake steps to the rise. He steps and says, ,,A path of the enemy is no place to rest.''

The pack follows.

Kirra walks behind following Jan through the night and from the mound.

The walk leads along the path with the wide road.

The wide road flows from the mounds and through the hills that span from Wane to Wax. The walls of hills cuts and moved for the road to flow WaxRise.

The pack walk at edge of road near the slop of hill.

Treen grows and covers side of road with pine needles and brush. The snow patch spread along the hilld and tree branches. 

the mud of the road become rocks. The rocks squish and crunch. 

The pack walks the road until dawn light then Kirra leads the pack to the valles between the hills spaninngin peaks from Wax to Wane.

They find a group of rocks a stone throw from the road.

The group of rocks and boulders hide the pack from road and give cover from site of the Wane.

A few fires flickers are see on the on hill top.

On the hill top the pack stands. Their shadows caste toward the Set.

The wind blows over and down the hills. 

The stand wordless. Eyes stare. 

William pulls saddle bags from should and open pouch. The pouch is empty. 

Willima opens the other pouch. 

Ten food balls lay at the bottom.

,,Food,'' says William. He grabs food balls and passes them to each of the pack. He stands adn says toward the Rise. ''Eat.'' He bites food ball and walks to the rocks, sits and rubs his shoulder. Then he stretches, swings swords and hammer until sweat drips, body aches and he sits.

Minst reads the goblin spell book and begins to see the lines and shapes caste image through mind. 

Myst sings and prays the song of Reighn to all. 

A pocket of warm and heat appear around the pack. Small stings and numb vibrations cool still.

Spear sweands weapons, stretches and pass near hill top looking on. 

Kirra scouts the land around. 

Jan pushes and will and sleeps. 

Guile reads William's mind to sleep then lays and tries to make a rock move with his mind. A headache is all he finds and the rock shakes then rests.

Guide feels no pain. He only feels a want to act for Spear. He sits between the rocsk near the top and naps.

Shake sits and thinks of Kicker and mummbles, ,,Kicker rode after Bucke show...Kicker rode after Buckey's life was stolen. Int the goblinw horde we grow. Finding that there is more to know. Never...Never hope. Can't be good unless bad.'' Shake rubs coal on finger and snaps, makes flame with fingers then tries to make William burp.

Willaim burps. 

Shake smiles. He lays and sleeps.

The pack sleeps with Spear watching from dawn to noon. Guile watches from noon to night.

Guile sleeps near the night and wakes with the setting rays and a loud goblin march.

Goblinkin, wagons, pack oxen march and roll past during the afternoon and before dusk.The gray cloud deepen to near black.

During dusk the pack wakes.

The finish their food ball. They drink. They stretch and shiver agains the cold wind.

,,The road or the hills,'' says Kirra.

William and Spear looks over the pack.

Willaim straps pack. ,,The road until we are pushed to the hills.''

Then they follow Kirra, Spear and Guide.

They run toward the rise.

The pack follows.

Intersection of roads past one by one.

The hills become rolling planes with rocks and crops of trees.

Spear, Kirra and Guide lead the pack away from camps in tree covers and aroun interscetions for roads.

The pack runs from the road and up hill as torch lights flicker to light. Guile's ankle twist, and he falls to the dirt and rock and sits, breathes, covers mouth to cough.

They run. 

Clicks and clacks are spoke with suface tongue, laughter, coughs and shouts.

The pack peers from the hill top, between tree stumps and rock, to see a group of fifteen hugoblins and hobgoblins wearing broze, steel, iron plates of armor over chaing mail and hid. Shining and jewelled cover sword hilts hand from scabbards. Shields are strapped to back and forearms. Coifs and grand helps are over faces. The pack of goblinkin walk past, across the road and along a trail to the road. 

Guile sits then lays on hill letting breath calm. He sees the clouds through the dark. His gray scale night sights peers and feels the cold. 

,,Guile,'' says Shake.

Shake crawls to a run down the hill to Guile. ,,We need to go. We need to make it to...''

,,No,'' says Guile. His ankle pumps blood. His lungs burn. His body aches.

,,We need...'' says Shake point to the top of the hill and the pack.

Guile lifts body to a sit. ,,No.''

Minst and William walks down to Guile. 

,,Guile,'' says Willliam. ''We must find camp from here?''

Guile looks at William. Guile still feels as William and forces his desire to rest into William's mind and through his body.

William feels him muscles become sore as Guile's muscles begin to feel rest and strong. 

Guile pushes the words into William's mind like whispering a song to dance into his mind. >Rest. We should rest.<

,,Rest,'' says William. ''We should rest.''

,,We need to eat,'' says Guile. ''I need.'' He raises an arm.

Shake pulls Guile to feet.

William put hand then arm in the saddle pack grabbing one of five of the food balls and pulls it out of saddle pack. ,,I would be one to have a bite to eat.'' William feels hunger and thirst then puts the food ball back in the pack. ''Food can wait until tomorrow.''

,,I'm hungry,'' says Guile. 

William pulls a food ball from the saddle pack. He kneels on knee on hill with the pack looking at William. ,,This food ball is one of five. Then there will nearly be no food.''

Guile takes the food ball and stands. He feels a slight pain in ankle, but limbs and grunts like the ankle is broken.

They climb the hill top to the dawn and the pack. 

The pack kneels and ducks.

William says, ,,We have nearly ate all our ration. If there still be game to hunt. We need to hunt.'' He looks at Spear then Kirra then the pack. ''Has anyone ate goblins.''

Spear grins. ,,I will.''



Guile grunts and sits and puts food ball in pocket.

,,We sleep RiseWane. Around the bend.'' Kirra crouches and walks down the shadow side of the hill. ''Down hill. Along rode in the valley.''

Spear, Jan, William, Shake and Guide follow Kirra.

Guile sits. Minst and Myst kneels.

Minst says, ,,Come Guile.'' 

They walk on knees over the wet frozen ground then grouch and run after the leading pack.

The pack runs the valley road then valley. 

Kirra follows the pack to the spot around the bend. She hides Guile's foot prints in mud and Minst steps in snow and William's deep foot impression in mud hole near road.

They sit on rocks and dead grass and hard mud of hill slopes.

The bottom of the valley between muck near mire covers. 

Minst reads spell book until head hurts then sleeps. 

Shake mummbles and doesn't utter a word. He lays with back facing Rase on side on the wet gound.

Guile hides in Rope of Reighn

Myst tries to sing, but tongue is sore and mouth tired.

William fidgets with Armor and the burn beneath. He tries to lay on side. Then he sits and slumps when finally he stand and says. ,,I'll take dawn watch.''

Kirra stands and walks to the top of hill near a rock crop. She sits to face the Set and sits in shadows holding bow and arrow. 

Jan shivers and stis and stares at the mire. Her body burns and twist hollow pain from stomach through body. ,,Food.'' She says.

William grabs the saddle pack and toses it to Jan. ,,As one knowing hunger will strike first, I will suffer the pain if all the food you need eat.'' William pulls Blue's Armor from over shoulder pies of Westmore Armor. He looks at Jan. ''You created. You have not ate.'' He unlatches should piece of armor. ''It's yours.'' He smile and winks at Jan. ''I will be eating goblin.

Jan feigns a smile and looks at saddle bags 

William lifts hide armor and looks at brusie and cut and blood. 

The cold freeze the burn and sting.

Jan grabs her bag and pulls out a leaf wrapped pack of salive. 

Spear lays on side. He yawns. ,,I need rest.'' He says near too loud. ''Wake Shake for watch. Or Guile.'' 

The sun rises. 

Jan spreads the salve then sits on ground and looks through bag.

William's arm cools. He says, ,,I do not understand the ways of Gods or nature.'' He kneels and hold his shoulder plate in hands. He says, ''I know only what I see happening to a friend, and I feel helpless to help.'' He looks at Jan. ''But if the Gods or nature I need fight to help you find what feels to be missing then call, and I will raise my blade or kill them with my song.'' 

Jan smiles.

William stands and smiles. he grabs pack and small guitar then walks to the top of the hill.

The slush and mud hill slide slips over dead grass. The incline more vertical than horizontal. 

William reaches top and is in sun and sees Kirra on the other side. He looks Wax and Rise and sees between hills the road. 

The sun shines on hills side.

William sees Jan below.

Jan sits, slumps, sleeps.

William steps and sits on the Set side of hill in Shadows and stares around. He lets shoulder exposed and he looks at the runes on armor while the sun rises.

The sun rise and shadows move. 

Spear feels the shifting sun. 

Guide feels to wake and walk to the top of the hill were William sits. Guide stands and looks at William. 

William stands and walks with crouch over the sharp hill top and lays on the side facing Rise. He sleeps with shoulder armor in hand.

Guide watch goblinkin walk past with wagons or oxen or armor and sword. 

A pack of goblins run over a distant hill then run back over the hill like a pack of wolves. 

The planes to the Rise gove way to trees and grass planes. 

Guide peers from the setting sun and sees fires flicker near and far over the planes. 

Spear sees what Guide sees, but as a dream of a giant eagle taking flight over the world. Spear sees the trees to the Rise and the planes and the cities of goblinkin living like humans or elves or dwarves. 

Spear wakes. 

Kirra wakes. She stares over the pack below then at William and Guide on the hill of the other side. She grabs quivers and puts them over back then stands with bow and arrow in hand. She rise and stares over the land. Kirra sees a pack of tens of goblins running over a hill peak two peaks away. She reflects setting sun from metal arrow head of goblinkin arrow.

The sun reflects.

William and Guide look at Kirra. 

Kirra points arrow to hill top. 

They look.

A long goblin run over the hill top. Then size more goblins scurry. 

William stands until Guide feels and looks at Road.

Kirra hears and Guide sees.

The moan and shish and roll of wagon, and then a soft pound of giant foot is heard. 

The pack wakes and stands.

Minst stops his squating pee.

The pack stands. 

William, on the hill facing to Rise, steps and walk from hills side toward the pack with Guide. 

Kirra notches boow. 

A few goblins run down a near hill then up the hill to top where William and Guide were. 

A few click and clacks tap over hills.

Kirra hides and shadows and watches the Giant.

Guide and William run down hill. William holds sword hilt and shoulder armor. The see the head of the goblin looking giant.

The giants steps and steps and steps with a boom, Boom, BOOM.

Click cycle through like a drum roll.

Wheels groan and wood creaks.

Click and clacks click and clack.

One goblin giant, then two goblins giants, then three goblins giants walk and pull giant wagins like a hours with a flat roof. Archers and warriofs walk on the tops of the buildings on wheels. 

Clicks and Clacks and staps and tick the pounds and clunks pound louder than the breathe and heart beats of the pack. 

Goblins run over the road and over the hills near the road. They run from the Riuse. They run over mud, slush, grass, rocks. Goblins run and run and run. Tens and hundres and thousands swarm around the hills.

William runs with Guide to the mud bottom. ,,MOVE!'' says William loud, but not loud enough to be heard beyond the pack.

The goblins clacks tick and spreads. 

,,RUN,'' roars Spear. He grabs Minst. 
 
Minst looks to the Rise. 
 
To the Rise, goblins jostle arond the bend of hill. A few pack run over hill top.

Minst stumbles as Spear pulls.

They run up the hill with Myst.

Shake pushes Guile. ,,Move,''

Guile stumbles and trips and drops food ball. The foot ball. He reaches then stumbles as Shake pushes Guile.

,,MOVE,'' says William loud. 

The pack moves up the hill to kirra.

Goblins cover the valley between the hills. The goblins are pushed up the hill. A few run near the side top and over the top. 

The pack runs to the tops and knees near the rock crop and Kirra. 

Clicks and clacks swarm like an avelanche of rock.

KIrra loads an arrow. She shoots.

And arrow stikes a goblins. The goblins tumbles dead. 

Goblins rush pasts. 

KIrra shoots three more arrows at three more goblins running near.

Three more goblins roll dead. 

The clicks and clashs rise timbo and crescendo a song with the maon and creak of the moving building.

The giants steps and pulls the gigantic wagons other the roads.

The goblins runs and spread.

Then they pass.

The clicks and the clacks pass and run toward the Set.

The sun lowers.

Night spreads. 

Four deads goblins with arrows from bodies lays still on hill.

,,Food,'' say Spear.

Shake watches Spear gather the goblin and mumbles, ,,Heroes hunger for food. Only goblins are in boon. There won't be good food anytime soon.'' He glances at Guile then William then grips pocket with speed while walking down the hill. ''Can't be good when thought bad.''

William straps shoulder plates to shoulder and adjusts saddle bags. ,,To the rise.'' He steps down near Spear. 

Spear guts goblins and tosses arrows in pile. He ties the goblins together as William stands.

The pack follows with Kirra taking the rear of the pack's decent then walk around hills then over roads.

Spear finishes the cut and bind of goblins and follows with Kirra watching to be sure the blood doesn't drop.

The pack walks the road until small camps with tents and large carvans are seen from the dark between the canyons.

They walk quiet.

Laughter, shouts and talk are hear from far and near through the hills.

The walk between the hills and find goblins trails to travel over the hills that become rolling planes of trees and planes.

Camp fires span below and above and near. 

The walk from the last hear, near the road to an open clear field.

,,Why can't we have fire?'' says Minst. 

Only Guile hears. Guile says between his over acted limb. ,,No reason. WE should have fire.'' He breathes through mouth. ''Stay way from the light. Have, have...'' Guile points at Myst. ''Hvae her sing an illusion.'' Guile shake heads.

Myst hears Guile and feels warm from the fire talk. Myst mumble and tries to whistle and hum a tune. Her silent mind hears heart and breath and the goblins talk around the fires over the planes.

William hears some of the song as it peaks and strikes. The sound hones his peer through the night and the trail.

The planes spead to a clearing between patches of naked large oaks and pine covered trees. The trees cover patchs arond ponds at the dips of pine covered trees.

Fire pits and camp surround the water filled dips. Tents and caravans spane here and there. The fire lights like the stars above shine.

The pack walks and walks. The walk by puddles and small streams. The ground feels to squeeze like a sponge. Dead grass, leaves and fallen pine needles cover mud and ra few rocks. The rocks sink into the ground. The ground steps and steps and steps. 

Some time during the walk from the hills and over the planes. Over the planes, they walk, the kneel, they crouch. They sit as goblin camps past.

They walk in silence until the dawn rises. 

Shake says, ,,Then the sun rises. Then the hero cries. Not another night with our fire. Not another fright before we tire.''

Shake's words stike a cord and hit a cymbal in Myst's and William's mind. 

Kirra doesn't hear Shake talk as she walks near the edge of a croping of trees and vines around a slope to small pond. She steps close and slows. She raises a hand at Spear, opens palm and lowers. 

Spear stops.

William sees Spear stop and kneels.

The pack watch over the bare rolling planes to trees. 

Kirra walks crouch in the shadows fo dawn stretched from the trees. 

The trees grow and spread and reveal. Brush grow around trunks of trees. The brush grows over the ground. Mud and muck spread.

A frozen pool the size of a very smill pond spreads between trees.

Kirrra sits and stares and listens.

No sound are heard nor movement seen between the trees and around the very small pond.

Kirra walks to the pack.

The pack kneels. 

Kirra stands by Spear and Guide. ,,Clear,'' she says the walks to Jan. She walks with Jan to the tree cropping and ponds.

The pack follows.

Feet step through the mud. A solid ground near the Rise at the edge of the trees.

The clear ground and hide behind bare bushes. 

Spear throws four gutted goblins to ground. ,,Fire for food.''

Kirra nods.

William nods. 

Guile smiles then sits.

,,What about the goblins? Won't the see?'' says Minst. He blows into hands. 

,,Many fires,'' says Spear. 

,,Shall we cover our faces with mud and hide our hears?'' smiles Shake.

,,Yes,'' says Kirra.

Shake lets face relax smile. ,,The mud was a joke.''

Spear drops wood to ground then spreads mud over face. 

William nods. ,,Hide face and skin or cover up.'' 

Minst picks up wet wood then tosses it into brush. ,,Do I need to cover my face with mud?''

Guile smirks and snorts. 

Kirra kneels and smiles and begins a fire.

Minst looks at Guile then William.

William pick up dry frozen brush and pulls from ground. ,,Cover faces, hears, hair.''

,,No talk,'' says Kirra. She pulls flint and steel from pack.

,,But they can speark Surface Speak,'' says Shake as he sits and pulls out the sack of nuts. He holds the bag up. ''Nuts,'' says Shake.

As Kirra says, ,,Not good. Sounds like Surface Speak clicks and clacks.'' 

Shake mumbles. 

Myst Song of Reighn flows silent as hs focuses on the pine needles. 

The pack finds bits of dry wood and pine needles.

The fire strikes and burn.

Spear cooks goblins.

Guile and Shake eat a food ball and sleep. Guile creates mazes. Shake tries to make William burp after lighting finger. He mumbles before sleeping. ,,Can't be good if thought bad.''

Kirra passes around the magical mug full of water.

The wake pack drinks.

Minst and Jan remain awake.

Jan sits by a tree and plants.

The tree grows ever green. The blant is a root bush with no leave, but bright green branches and trunk.

Jan touches the plants and feel only their cource skin and cold.

Minst read the goblin spell book and sees the mythical mystical magic force in the runes on the page of the goblin spell book after the sun has rise to the height. Minst sleeps.

Sun rises.

Fire fades, smokes.

Spear and Guile feel another near.

Kirra hears and smells the click and clack and sulfer sweat of goblinkin.

Kirra, Spear and Guile wake.

A group of goblins walk to the trees, pond. The group of six kneel by the streel trickling near the stream.

The stream trickles over pebbles and ice near edge.

Jan stares at goblinkin.

Four hugoblins and two hobgoblins drink water bey cupping hands, filling water and drinking. They dress in leather, studded leather, chain mail armor. One wears robes and carries a statches. A hobgoblins wears black and white checkered leather armor with gray squares of steel around the chest, shoulders arms and alon the outside of legs.

Shake wakes and stares at the hobgoblin in the white checkers armor.

The checkered dressed goblin features curve a now arrow with eyes slick slits covering black eyes. The teeth and fangs over small jaw. The checkered armor curves around hips and breasts. She stares at Shake and the people.

The group of warriors looks at the pack.

The pack wakes and lays during the mid day.

The sun shines to the Wane. Shadwos cast away from where the pack lay and sit.

Minst lowers head and moves the goblins spell book over lap.

The one checkered armor points shining steel short sword toward Minst. There is talking that is heard like Shake's mumbles.

The one wearing a robe and satchel pulls back hoods and peers at Minst. The hugoblin stands. It's human and elven headless, dark green head peers at Minst.

Shake says only to Minst. ,,Slump, fall, covered. Sleep.''

The robed hugoblin stands and steps from the stream.

Minst slumps.

The robed hobgoblins peers. The armor covered goblinkin watch.

Minst falls and rolls to hide book and head.

The goblinkin group watch, drink, stand then leave.

The walk past and peer at the pack.

The pack lays. Spear, Kirra and William lay and feel and listen and watch. Then they sleep.

The suns set and falls.

Rays of sun shining between.

The sun blinds Minst. They burn the lines and shapes into Minst's thoughts and eyes as he opens eyes to see the light. ,,How many days have we walked?''

,,Eight?'' says William.

Spear looks at William. ,,Seven?''

,,Not enough,'' says Kirra.

,,We should look at the map after sun rise this coming morning.'' He looks at the sun set. He yawns. He grabs pack then walks to the hill and pees.

,,Why didn't the goblins attack?'' says Minst. 

Kirra picks-up bow and steps near Jan. ,,Not know think not goblin.

Jan shivers as she lay part in the near frozen water and bush. Her skin drips like mud bits. An outline of skin lays stuck to the dirt and grass.

She stands and wraps in the Blue's Armor.

Spear grabs the goblin over the fire and smell. ,,Saw the goiblin.''

Minst stands feeling his head pound and press. Images of reliefs of clouds and shakes appear in the lines of trees and brush. The sihlouttes and flickers of fire create lines like goblin runes. 

The smell of charcoal wiffs and spreds as Spear fulls an arm froma goblin.

A smell of sweet sugar and dirt spreads.

Spear pull and bites goblin and chews. Fat, meat and cooked blood swim through salvia to tongue. Spears heart and spreads a smile. Spear heats one goblin. He lifts another, swallows. ,,Good eats.''

Kirra grabs a goblins and eats. Guile eats goblin. Myst eats goblin. Minst eats goblin. Guide food ball. Shake bites goblins then spins. ,,Taste like blood sausage.'' He smacks tongue against roof of mouth. ''Too salty.''

Jan doesn't eat. Jane watches skin flake. She touches water and feels only wet.

They let fire smolder. They drink at the stream.  

Kirra washes face in river. Face bruise sore, but not swollen. Small sliver pokes sting then cool. 

Myst washes hand and face. She hears the splash of water.

The song of Reighn sing through sound of mind.

They walk to the Rise with the road.

They cover hoods, and Myst whistles and hums and taps her drums.

William plucks guitar and walks many steps to a strum. 

Shake mumbles and hums off beat.

They walk by camps and caravans. The walk by fields with house lights illuminating. They walk by street stumps and soldiers.

They walk to a river. 

The river flows over planes with trees and fields of grass and stones. The river parts between patches of snow, mud, tree stumps and dead grass. 

Only the drum taps slow and steady with Myst's hums and throat tones.

Shake mumbles. ,,Another song of Reighn during the night time. There is no rite for the right mind to sing. No matter how long the wait for the last kabong to silence fast. Sing a song of reighn and the time will pass.''

Myst stops hitting drum and stands and stares at Shake. 

William stops and looks at Myst then Shake.

Guile stops, walk off road and to river, squats and poops. 

,,How long has the night been?'' says Minst as he kneels to river to drink. Minst feels cold shock.

,,Half,'' says William.

Kirra kneel and fills her mug. Water flows into mug.

Myst washes hands and face. The cold chill shakes the soft humm heard through the song of Reighn playing near silence wiht Shake's humm.

William pucks guitar to a slow rhythm flowing with the tickle of the river. 

The river flows and ebbs near their feet. Trees tumps rip the river banks on the river's edges. 

The water flows slow and low. 

Jan kneels and pushes her hand into the water and feels her skin float away like silt. Her arm up to eblow slowly feels to flow away. She grabs pebbls and lift arm from ground. ,,And hold river.'' She says.

Kirra walks to the tree stumps near the ebb where they stand. ,,New dead.''

Spear looks at the road bend and span. 

The road white pebbles over flat surrface look like snow. 

Patch of snow do freeze near stumps. 

Guile pees on snow.

Kirra pees near road. 

They watch and peers.

Myst stands and taps her drum.

The pack walks on the wide level road along the river to the Rise.

Shake mumble in and out of heard talk during the walk. ,,to the rise the sun don't shine. Walk to the rise the sun don't shine, but caste shadows...Caste shadows. ...Caste Shadows. To the rise the sun don't shine and nothing we will find for the shadows give none. They give...''

Myst thraot hums and whistles and taps her drum. William finds her rhythm with guitar strum. 

The pack falls into pace with the song with Myst's steady and quick pace of drum hits. The whislts and throat vibration vary in tempos to slower and faster in beat with drums. Whiles guitar strums and plucks with whistles and drum making them be one. 

The pack walks and walks and  walks...

Minst read the goblinkin spell book. Guile walks and reads the minds of Minst and Shake. Jan tries to push the body and mind through the ground and with the river flow, but here force and energy do not go. Kirra runs and hids and spins with blades like fighting the shadows. Spear walks and watches and chews on goblinss. Guide walks and walks with the pack.

The walk past campfires, camps, guards and goblins running loos over the white garvel covered road. The rive flows.

The song plays and plays and plays...

Shake mumbles to talk near a peak of song crescendo... ,,Rise we find no guide put the road, and no stories we've been told knows where the road goes. To the rise. To the Rise. To the Rise we go. Where we go no body knows. No body knows.''

William plays out the rapid whistle of Myst with fast strikes of the four stringed guitar then flows to plucking with the throat tones of Myst and the rough scratching humming of Shake.

Campfires fires feel to flicker with their hasten walk. Goblins kin stop all talk. Sentries at the edge of road watch, but don't peer as the pack passes. 

The song sings soft and slow. 

The road and the river flows. The road layas striaight between hills. The pebbles of white spred and span.

The plain and pack.

The drum beat...

The heart dagger beats...

The goblins runes beate and pulse...

The night clouds flow with the throat hum of Myst.

Shake says, ,,an Another song of Reighn during the night time. There is no rite for the right mind to sing. No matter how long the wait for the last kabong to silence fast. Sing a song of reighn and the time will pass...''

The rise Sun shines...

the shines shows the notes of the song of Reighn casting skin to dark green and plates of armor skin over cheeks and around skull. Their eyes become black balls. Their finger nail darken. The 

Spear's skin deepens green with the sun rise and body becomes shiney dark. Hair blackens.

''An illussion will be caste to walk with fate into the unknonw gate to let loose our fate hoping we know more than we know before it is too late.''

The pack stands looking at hands and legs and Spear.

,,Mind spells and wizardy,'' says Spear.

The sun shines rays from the horizon.

The horizon lays flat over the plains and end of the road. The river flows, and the camp sizes grow between the river and the road from camps of couples and bands to groups and gathers. Tents become pavillions. A few covered carts become a team of covered carts around an encampment. 

Hugoblins and hobgoblins sit arond circles of torches with tips flaming and creating fire. Blumes of smoke billow from mouths and pipes. Click and clacks and surface talk and laughs and shout and whispers. Tent stakes and wagon wheel bottoms are covered in mud and dead grass. Empty sacks lay bundleed by goblin bone.

Goblinkin cough, cry and look at the pack as it walks past with its song.

They walk through dawn and the rise.

Shadows span and stretech from the tents and wagon and people.

A pack of goblins run around the to the river to swim across.

The river flows slow.

The pack song calms to Myst tapping her drum. And William's strum a new song hitting a miscord or two.

The illusion of goblins skin over their flesh covers skin and remains.

,,Where will we go to sleep,'' says Myst.

Kirra looks  from her dark green hand.

She talks from road to the Wax Rise away from the river and between camps along roads to a space a long walk from the road and big camps.

Small camps burn torche fires. 

The pack settles to the ground. They huddle near and cuddle and their armor, hide and robes. 

Myst taps her drums and William puts aside his guitar. 

Minst whispers, ,,Will our illusion fade once the song plays to silence?''

Shake bundles and shivers aand grips the pocket with the vial of speed. ,,We're dirty enough we look like goblins.''

wiliam says in hushed tones, ,,Cover faces, hands. Their hands are biger. More shiny like scales.''

,,What happen to the clubs we had?'' says Minst.

Spear tosses his back in the middle of their huddle. 

Two clubs are tied to side of his bag.

William hits the side of his sack tie to his pack. ,,I have the teleport plate.''

Shake grabs a club and pulls it from the tie. ,,Anyone remember the word to make the flame.''

,,Yes,'' says Kirra. ''The word to snuff flame.'' Kirra sits and takes quiver and pack from back. ''No.''

,,No flame for days need no flame now,'' says Spear. ''Not as cold.'' He pulls twof the cooked goblins to the ground around the pack.

The huddle and eat and breathe and stare as the sun rises. 

Minst stands to pee hold head low. 

Myst drum stakes steady and slow. Then she stops and lonly mumbles slow then sleeps.

The sun rises. 

Minst read spells books. Spear sleeps. Kirra eats and watches. Jan sleeps.

The pack rests with William remaining awake watching Myst sing self to sleep.

,,Where are we,'' says Shake as Shake lays in the tight bundle of the pack.

William looks at Shake. ,,I don't know.''

The stare. Then Shake close eyes and sleeps. 

William hunches over and stares over the rolling hills of brush grass. To the Rise, he sees planes of trees and brush with camps spotting long the road. 

Goblinkin travel from camps and near the pack, but never look to side or back.

The sun rises then Willaim wakes Shake.

Shake and William stare before william sleeps and Shake. watch and mummble. ,,Need the speed to feel a need. To make the mind race with the pace. ...Race with the...Reace with the pace of an unknow adventure. An unknown end. An unkown end...''He drinks wine from carrafe and eats goblin. He stares and sees the sun set on the distant mounts. ''And the mountains were were once in. Are a black line thin. A sihlouette of the past as we Rise to the horizon.''

The Set sun shines.

Kirra's eyes shine until they blind. She wakes. She mumbles and shifts. ,,The map.''

Shake flicks finger and says, ,,THEMAGICWORD.'' and a flame flickers and burns from thump. Then he closes fist and inhales, swallows air and burp quiet. '''NEEDED.''

William burps, and coughs then rolls to side. 

,,We want the map,'' says Shake. 

William clears through and coughs out mucus reseting on the pack of throat. ,,The cold blew my throat to a freeze.'' He pulls map from pocket. 

Kirra grabs the map while William grabs the map and raise it to the Rise. 

white test appear over the surface. 

,,Jan,'' says Shake. Shake lowers to Jan.

Jan lays.

,,Jan,'' says Shake near her ear. ''Jan.''

Jan deosn't move. Jan doesn't feel. Jan doesn't breath and her body remains still.

Shake touche her cold cheek, and Kirra glances at Jan then map.

The lines and letters clutter the page and covere the shadow caste images from the map. The scratches cover the images.

Kirra rolls the map. ,,Too many makes.''

Shake leans to Jan and slays slow as he reaches to touch Jan's cheek.

Jan's cheek is cold as ice. Small flakes of skin clump and fall from face.

,,Kirra,'' say Shake.

Jan's eyes open. She breathes then rolls over to back. 

,,Shake?'' says William grabbing the map.

,,I thought.'' Shake looks from William the Jan. ''She was...''

Jan grabs staff and stands. Flakes like flour dust blow from her face and hands.

,,The map is scribbles. To many marks,'' says Kirra.

Minst looks at Jan and situp. He put gobin spell book into pack and looks a Jan. ,,Is there a way to remove the marks.?''

William tosses the rolled map at Minst. ,,I have no mind for the ways of magic things if I can't swing it or hit it.''

Minst grabs the map, holds it  to catch light from the setting sun. 

Lines, circles and letters like the goblins appear before. Minst stares and stares over the lines while the pack wakes.

The pack wakes. Everyone keeps heads low and hands hidden at best. The grab packs and pick and the cooked goblins and heat. The share a food ball and stand, walk around. The drink from Kirra' mug. Then they poop and pee or stand and look over the night and the camps.

The camps and living space around ignite with fires of torce light. Torces flame from the camp grounds and from small groups of goblins walking toward. Some tents are felled and rolled. Most tents and camps remain propped and ready. 

A baby cries. 

Then Minst finds an dimension to the map.

He sees the text extend and contract like the symbols of the goblins spell book. The large text float near while the small text floats father from the rise. His sight shifts and flows like he is flaoting between the text and seeing deepering the map.

Through the map, Minst sees the roads flow Set Rise through plains and dead grass, camps and tents and grouns of goblins. The road passes over a bridge as the text passes by hanging over the hundreds of camps and the river. 

Then the sun lowers and no light shines.

The pack stands and stares at Minst.

,,I seen.'' Minst sees only a piece of paper. ''I seen through the map to the Rise.''

,,I hope you will show us during the morning,'' says William. ''Now we must rise and walk.''

,,I seen a bridge. I see the land. The words. It was.'' Minst nods. He touches the spine of spell book and holds the map to William.

,,You keep it,'' says William. ''I trust you to hold it true, my friend.''

Minst smiles and nods. ,,I...'' He uscrews the base of dagger scabbard and rolls the map with the scroll and parchment. ''I want to castes a disk floating. I want to  try to master something things. I...'' Minst pulls components from pack then puts pack on back.

William grabs his guitar and hits a note as Kirra steps to Jan.

Jan steps away and leads with staff the walk to the rise and the road. 

No song plays in Myst's mind. She hears the strike of guitar by Wiliam as he walks toward Kirra and Jan, but hears no echo in the thoughts. She hums, but feels not tune. She whistles and feels no notes. She steps with whislte and follow William.

Spear walks with Guide and Kirra. His cooked goblins hand over shoulder. The two goblinkin clubs are strapped to back. His mind feels the stares and peers of goblins from the back grounds.

The night covers and shades the dirst stained hands and faces. 

Giule pulls his Robe of Reighn around body and hides inside grabbing his heart dagger. He eats a food ball and begins to listen to the sound from the goblin camps.

The pack walks and fall in line. 

William, Kirra, Myst, Kirra and Guide spy through the night and at the camps as the pack walks past to the road.

On the road they walk, and Minst castes a spell.

A gleam of disk like shine then fade behind the pack. 

Spear, William and Kirra pull swords for sheaths and spread around. 

,,It is me,'' says Minst. ''I...''

The swords are sheathed, and the pack stops to look at Minst.

Minst looks at pack. ,,I created a disk to float behind and carry my bundle of Blue's Armor.'' Minst lets fall his bundle of Blue's Armor. 

The armor hovers above the ground. 

Minst looks at the pack. ''Need to caste a spell to see if I still could.'' 

Begining with Guile, the pack steps and walks the road.

They walks and walk and walk...

Roads from Wane to Wax and Wax to Wane intersect. Sign posts without sights stick from ground. Camps and goblins lay around huddled. 

The floating armor hovers a leap from mInst.

Guile listens to the goblins talk from camps until the talk and the shouts and laughter becomes snores, baby cries and silence along the camp between the river and the road.

Pebble squish between free. Camps span near edge of road. 

A caravan of carts, hogs, ox and hobgoblins roll toward Set.

William stops playing guitar. 

Myst lets her whislte silence to begin to say, ,,Reighn, from your soul to my mind no song I do find...'' 

Shake hears Myst and says, ,,From the soul no sing is found. From the mind the...The...'' He stops talk and stares to the night and along the land illuminated by torch fire and small globes of light floating above the camps.

The pebble road flows flat over plaines. The edge of road become soggy and damp. The camps of goblins shrink from tens to ones and twos and groups.. 

Darkness casts over the night as fire lights pass behind and the clouds float and hang above.

The pack walks and walk.

The road slops down. The road forks. On fork turns and spans Wane. A few campfires flicker along roads wane until the road rises to a distant slope and hill.

The road widens and rutts deepen. The pebbles over the surface scatter to mud.

The river flow spreads.

Shake walks through mud and slop to the river's edge. 

The river's edge is lined with rock. The river cuts throuh a tall long bump in road.

The river flows deep and slow.

Shake slops back to pack. ,,River's hardly move. Like its seeping over the ground,'' says Shake. ''Rock has been stacked along the shore.''

Jan says. ,,The river has been caved from the ground.''

Guile speaks from inside hood. ,,It has been carved from the land.'' Guile removes hood. ''It is part of the lore.''

A cold washes over Guile's face.

,,What more do you know fo this lore of the river?'' says Minst. Minst steps close to Guile.

William steps. ,,What ever the lore be it can be told while walking.''

The pack walks.

Guile says, ,,The rivers carve from the groud provide water to cities and towns. We studied the engering and process. The story of why I forget.''

,,What else do you know of this place,'' says Minst. He steps near Guile.

Guile says, ,,Nothing.'' He puts hood over head. 

The pack walks on eating, pissing, shiting through the quiet night and the sihloutte land.

Minst over disk glides over the land. Minst runs and walks and jumb sand spins. He raises the hand, and the disk lowers. He spins a finger, and the disk spins around as pack walks. He pulls more components from belt and holds them in fist.

Guile watches minst through his gray night sight. He begins to watch and listen and search for the patterns of being and repeat those patter of beings in mind. Then Guile finds an opening of thought. He feels the weave being plucked and pulled by Minst with shapes and circles. He feels the magic being drawn with reliefs like dwarven casters. He sees the etches of goblins hodling control of the disk. Guile walks and feels the magic flow until his ankle pounds with pain and his mind is forces away to thinking the pain to away.

The pack walks and walks until feet are sore and back begin to ache then they walk some more.

As the horizon lightens with a coming down, a shiloutte of a bridge rises from the dark land. A thin dim light shines along the horizon.

Minst invisible floats and sways the fades away.

The pack walks over the pebble and mud road. They step from edge as the river over flows road.

Wheel ruts riser and spread like waves over a river. 

The light sky from the Set shines before covered with clouds showing weeds adn pots of water between small mounds of dirt and mir.

The pack stops at the bridge base. The bridge base is wider than the road that could stand two giants shoulder to shoulder. 

Through heat, grays scale and the dim of near dawn, the pack sees the bridge rise near twice the height of Spear. The bridge spans from water and over water into water.

The river flows into the pond leaving no wake.

They walk to the edge of the pond. 

,,A pond,'' says Shake. He kicks the water. ''Good thing there's a bridge in the middle.''

Jan stares at the water. 

Kirra kneels at the edige of the pons.

,,We could walk around?'' says Minst.

Kirra looks over pond Wax to Wane.

To the Wan, the pan goes around and narrows between a carved wedge between a slooped hill.

To the wax, water glistens and flows soft from the Wax.

Kirra stands. ,,River flows Wax to Wane.''

Spear nods, and the rest visor hand over brow and squint to the sun rise over the glistening water.

They walk to the bridge and into a shallow bond. The water rise to ankle deep.

The sun peeks over the horizon and shines its light blinding all sight by its rays and the sihlouettes of dawn.

Bog swamp lands spreads from the bridge and the still water that surrounds. 

To the Waxm a river flows aloing a river flows with the pond from plain of steep bog ground tangled with grass. A road flows with river until the road flow into the pond. 

To the Wane, the water goes after pooling in a pond and flowing toward the wane between a river bed cut between marsh mounds and steady hills. Piles of peat and muck pile high to the sides as the river flows to the Wax.

Around a pond of water surrounds and stretches its body to the Rise until a white pebble road appears a long run to the pond's other side. 

Near the pebble roads rise is a wall of dirt pilled high. 

The pack steps to the bridge base.

Kirra kneels to touch the bridge stone. Kirra feels etching along the surface of each of the blocks. 

Guile looks and says, ,,It's dwarven.'' He steps onto the bridge from the pebble, the mud and the pond.

The pack walks to the top of the bridge. 

To the Rise a marsh of branch less trees and vines and grass spreads after the road flows from the pond and over an incline. 

A dry river bed is dug wide and long through the rolling plains and into the marsh.

,,They've blocked the river,'' says Minst.

Kirra points to the Wax. ,,The river edige dirt and white moss.''


Kirra says, ,,The flow is dammed.''

,,Why don't the want to let the water flow to the Rise?'' says Minst.

,,To drain the marsh then the swamp,'' says Jan. She sits, and Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods.

,,Why,'' says Minst.

,,To build a city,'' says William. ''Shall we coap at the peak of the gentle rise to the Rise before the ground become Marsh.''

,,To kill a swamp,'' says Jan.

,,To kill a swamp. To build a city.'' Shake walks to the Wax side of the bridge. He pees and drinks wine. He burps. ''To kill a swamp to build a city is silly.''

A wind gusts hair from face and ripples over the pond.

Myst and William shivers.

William skin chill.

,,Cold,'' says William. ''Need sleep.''

,,Where's the map,'' says Kirra.

Minst pulls map from knife scabbard and give it to Kirra.

Spear heats goblin and tosses another to William.

William catch and pulls of meat. Guile steps and lets hands slip from robe and take the entire goblin into fold.

KIrra unrolls the map. ,,Jan.'' Kirra kneels. ''Read. Please.''

Jan hold still not moving except the flakes of and skin blowing away. She feels to float in air. Bits and patch of face and arms are red agains the dirt stained olive skin. Jan hears Kirra and steps and looks at the map.

Three marks, two large and one small groups,  appear Rise and Wise Wane through the map.

Jan points. ,,Swamp Ji'kln'Op, Swamp River. Trade Frlk'thc'lane, Trade Road. Swamp R'ioLo, Swamp City.''

,,Swamp City,'' says Minst.

The voice of Minst says Swamp City give chime to Myst's mind, and a song of Rieghn resonates from the words of Swamp City. ,,Swamp city is where Reighn Sing.''

,,Taking a guidance from a song is letting self be lead by a fool,'' says Shake.

William laughs, ,,That is good Shake, but only sings of your jealouy for wanting to inspire with your own song.''

,,No,'' says Shake as he ties off his pants then lifts his flask and walks to William. He drinks, gasps. ''You are right. As you are always self rightous.''

As Spear looks over the horizons, Kirra walk to the other side of the bridge and steps in until the water is too knees and her foot hits the gravel. She steps around feeling deep well ruts of mud and muck. 

As Guide peers to the Rise and sees a very distand campfire. ,,Campfire,'' Guide says pointing to the rise. 

Myst taps drum and Minst looks around and sees Blue's armor floating behind over the water near the base of bridge.

The Blue's Armor float up the bridge then it rises loops up and over and down. It spins around. the rises and lowers with Minst's smiling mind. The Blue's Armor floats near Minst then Minst stips and stands floatting above the bridge with feet level with Blue's Armor.

Minst sits on disk, as Guile eats and reads Minst's mind and sees the reliefes, shapes and character marks flash through Minst's mind.

Shake drinks wine as KIrra walks to the pack as the pack stand on the bridge peak. ,,The water knee deep. Road below.''

,,Where are we to sleep?'' says Minst.


