Myst's fireball burnt body fumes while she lay in a water tunnel singing a deep tone that flows from mouth as head move her from the closing stone opening along the top of the tunnel and turning to sing at the stone and metal bars. The song sings upoin the stone.

The stone at the end of the tunnel to the shaft moves. The stone  from ceiling lowers,  and the stone on the floor rises. The sides close in and shut. The stone ripples along the ceiling of the tunnel  as the song of Myst sings along the lenght of the tunnels cieling to the bars at the tunnel end where Guile presses against steelbars. The stone around the bars rises and spreads to a height as tall as William whne he stands.

William is not standing as he sits in the short tunnel holding Myst and hears the steel bars fall and stone grind.

The bars fall to the stone ground and into the stream of water flowing through the tunnel.
 
The sound silences, and Myst hums in throat vibrating ash from her body. Pieces of hair fall from head and become ash that floats away.

As the song of Myst shapes the stone, Kirra grabs, sets and begins to wrap her broken forearm. Spear shouts, ,,MYST.''

William grabs and reaches from Myst holdier her head above the water. 

Guile grabs his heart dagger and stabs through the bars as the bars fall.

Runtik inhales, slows thought, focuses and sees a bright. Then Liight shines from Runtik's eyes.

Light pushes back dark. Light shines around shadow sihlouettes that stretch from the shandow of Guile and darkness in three other tunnels.

Light shines over the modled stone like waves that open to a cone. Light shines on the water stream beginning to dam against the closed exit. Light shines into  wide circluar room that rises to a standing height to a stone ceiling. The the round rooms ceiling is a square opening.  
 
Along the round rooms walls are three other tunnels. Two flow with water and one blows a breeze. All are barred. 
 
The fourth tunnel is from where Guile crawls to a stand and slashes dagger at his shadow.
 
Guile's shadow's arm detataches and its body bedy bedns from the dagger blade. The dagger's shadow cuts into the shadow. And guile swipes agaoing hitting will. 
 
Runtik steps from the warped stone tunnel with eyes shining light and daggers pulls from hand as he press back against wall. ,,SHADOW SHOLDIERS.'' She flexes muscles and fosuces a point. She stands near full high in the round room five widw steps. 

Above on the stone room is an open trap door.

Claws and teeth extend from shadows and darkness biting and cutting Kirra's ear; William neck, Spear back. Shadow's fists punch Guile's stomach as the shodows comsnume must of the darkness illuminating from Runtik's eyes.

The small room goods dim.

Through the dim and from the portale from the ceiling, falls a shadow.

Shadow slashes water and leaps at Kirra.

Kirra pulls armor wrap and pulls sling over heads as shadow claws cut her shoulder and shover her to side.

Spear feels the shaodows shift with magic spread through the magic of light. He grabs a short sword, ducks and dives at the shadow nearig Kirra. She leap by Kirra. His foot hits Kirra's food. His shoulder scrapes the warped wall. His body hits a force and slows.

Cold spreads from the touch and scrapes of the Shadows.

Another shows falls through the portal in ceiling. It leaps from shadows in the dim to the darkness near William and Myst.

William holds myst and hums fast quick beats with mouth. He feels the song flow from mind through body and into Myst.

Ash falls from Myst and her hair falls from head exposing fresh flesh under soot.

Myst hums, and spark flashes from mouth. He burn hand sizzles flesh and flaps and hits the burnt drumbase. Soot and char falls from hand. Be body burn cools with song.

The song sparks  and a light spreads from Myst.

A shadow hand cuts Myst's face.William pushes and lays Myst agains teh tunnel and in a fluid movement pulls out red dagger from sheath and stabs into the dark shadow. Cold spreads over William's hand.The shadow flows away and parts of the shadow appear to flow back.

Another shadow falls into the hold and claws Guile. Shadow claws create at the robe or Reighn.

Guile grabs the heart dagger and stabs the dark. He cuts back through the shadow.

The shadow spreads and shrinks. Small drips of shadow drip into water. Black water spreads.

Two more shadow soldiers fall and flow into the three shadows swinging and scrapping Guile, Runtik and Spear in the small room. The five shadow warriors in small round room press to flow at Spear and Runtik.

Spear and Rutnik's shoulders press as backs and bodies stand before the entrance to the warped tunnel.

Five shadow soldiers slash and stab Spear, Runtik and Guile as two shadow soldiers fight William. Claws cut Spear twice, Guile once and Runtik once. The shadow soldiers swing shadow knifes and miss.

,,HIT ONE!'' gargles Guile and snot blows from nose. He focuses at the want to move fast like speed. His focuses on the mind flows through the body.

And through will become a force that spans through body, Guile slices Heart Dagger at Shadow Soldier. Blade puts and spreads a spray of black that hits and shadows guile's arm.

Spear stabs the one in throat and slices dagger to shadow chin.

Runtik's eyes shines, and her mind focuses energy though body to flow long neck and from the eyes. Eyes shine a blue light that flow again to white.

A shadow soldiers falls, and darkness spreads over the floor.

White light illuminates the small room.

Kirra presses shoulder of broken forearm against wall and stabs with glowing dagger.

Dagger slices through shadow.

Another shadow soldiers falls from portal into room. Five shadow soldiers in room. Two in tunnel. A black spreads through the water.

Shadow Soldiers in small room appear to become one being, like a big sihlouette inside the light of Runtik's shining eyes. The shadow soldiers ball then drows hands and claws and slices and revolves like a floating ball in the small rooms. Arm like appendages grow and expaned.

Claws cut and stab Guile, Runtik and Spear as the shadow ball spins. Their wounds burn and singe.

Spear feels a claw cut his calf from behind.

Two shadow shoulders in the tunnel attack William with one hit at Spear.

William stabs and slashes at the shadow. The red dagger cuts into the shadow and feels to slow.

Two shadows claw and bite William. They reach and pull for Myst.

Myst hums, and the sound is like a base string strums with bow slow and low. And slow and low light spreads and illuminates from the tunnel. Bit it of ash and burn hair falls from Myst. She lefts her hand and grabs the side of the drum.

Smoke flows from barred tunnels where the water flows. 

A breeze from above and from another tunnel blows back the smoke.

The smoke flows around the shadows into the small room.

Guile covers face and swings at the black shadow mass of limb sand claws. The knife tip slows as it cuts into a palm. the black ball shakes and shutters. I screeching scream flows. The screech spreads pain through minds.

The black ball shakes and shutters. I scretching scream flows. The scretch spreads pain thorugh minds.

Runtik feels the sound push and spread her building force of ego coming from the light of her eyes. The sheer force of light and pain flowing from the eyes shines into the black mass. The light dims, and the shadow shrinkes. A few hand disappear. And a darkness from the portal into the room and the shadow ball.

The ball of black spreads around Runtik while clawing at Guile, Spear and Kirra.

Runtik feels dark and cold and like falling. Her skin burn with freeze as darkness covers.

The limbs shift and the arm slides to cover Runtik and strike the pack.

Shadow claws cut Guile's Robe for Reighn and slice leg and arm. Black spreads of hand. Hand twitches and shakes.

Shadow claws stab Kirra's shoulder through armor straps and leather. Shadow claws scratch reliefs of Spear's armor. 

Shadows wrap around William and pull him from Myst.

Myst lays on side and whistles like a bird. Light shines from tunnel, through portland and deep inot the other two tunnels for water. The lights sings with the light.

Light illuminates all like day. 

The shadow soldiers bedome black humoind bodies. The circle of shadows becomes a group of black humaoin beings standing back to back and side to side swi[ing with three knife long claws. 

William, in the tunnel is choked and his arms pinned. William's bare hand slipsn thorugh the shadow hand around neck, but the steel hand of William grabs the shadow arm around neck and pulls.

The arm slips free from William's neck. 

He turns and pushes away as two shadow hands holding wrists pull toward the end of the tunnel and near Kirra.

Kirra ducks lows and swipes the glowing dagger then stabs. The slashes cuts into the dark and stabs into the dark

A dark being spreads form the light and steps away from Kirra's blade and claws slash at Kirra's head.

Spear leaps at the Shadow Soldiers. Short sword stabs and body slams. Body and heart pound the thump and body shifts.

Spears short sword stabs, and a black body falls. 

Spear's body hits, and the dark beings spread and hit against wall. Spear's body shifts, and when his body settles on the floor fur covers his body and his limbs and body are that of a hybrid wererat. He squeeks as claws scrape and cut his tough skins. 

The squeek of Spear, triggers a thought in Guile. Guile's focus flowing from body thorugh Heat Dagger flows with in and pushes his body into a were rat hyprid form. Guile's body falls aganst wall and shfits.

The blck being near guile grabs Guile's head and stick its dark mouthn and Guile's mouth and nose covering il kike a blanket.

A cold dark fills Guile.

Runtik feels the cold dark through body, mind and soul. Her thoughts shiver and body freezes. Her legs give, and her body falls into the darkness like falling down in to a abyss. She tries to swing her dagger, but hit only darkness. 

As she falls a light shines from her eyes lighting the way to a scene with all the pack fighting shadow being.

She sees shadow Soldiers cut and stab Spear with knife claws. She reaches force out shinning an ener light to the small room now illumanted like day. The light attaches as Runtik falls into darkness.

Runtik lays agains the wall and on the floor with a dark ball around her. He body writhes adn hands reachs through the darkness and into the light. 

Her falling; Spear leap; and Kirra's attack at the Shadow soldiers give space for two shadow soldiers pulling William to pull him from the tunnel while chocking him.

William gags and pulls the arms from neck with silver hand. He grabs long swords and stabs blind behind. The blade misses that shadows and stabs near Runtik. William gags and coughs. ,,MYST.''

Light glows from Myst, and ash falls from her flesh showing a clean skin as olive as when she was born. Her bald head gleams and her wistle become a throat hum that vibrates the darkness away. she grabs her burnt drum and kneels to knees and crouches in tunnel then shuffle steps along the tunnel toward her light and the small room.

In the small room, Spear bites and claws at the dark beings as the dark beings cut and stab spear. A few dark beings stumble, fall and hit the floor. 

the dark beings falling spreads to darkness. The darkness oozes in to the water. 

Darkness coveres Runtik like a person of dark laying in top over her.  
 
Runtik feels like she is covered into a  blob of jelly ball. Runtik pulls from the light and energy from mind and thrusts a mind pulse.

The mind pulses, and the shadow soldiers rolls away covering head sceaming like wind through a canyon.

Four shadow soldiers around Spear stabs and cut into ha fleshe between the expand plantes of Rose Warrior armar. The cuts fester and burn. The water splaces. 

Dark bits of shadow blood runs down walks and spreads to hte water.

From the water Kirra knees as clawsk scrape her forerms. She drops her dagger and rolls through the water stream against the wall away from Guile and Runtik.

Guile stabs twice cutting shoulder and dark head of Shadow Soldier. 

Shadow soldier body goes limp. It falls, and darkness oozies from its masse like it is metling. 

Another shadow solder leaps at Guile and wraps form around Guile. Cold pain spread around him as he bites and claws. He sqeeks.

Spear hears the squeek bites and claws a shadows soldier. 

The shadow soldier's body oozes and bleeds into the water. 

The water flows by Kirra, and Kirra stabs a shadow soldier once then step toward Guile.

the water flows by William who rolls an to stomack and atop a shadow soldier and punches it body. The steel fist bangs agains the body.

Myst crouch, kneels and hums to a her voice to sing the bars and tones then words escape. ,,From the dark the song with shine. With its notes freedome we find. To find the way listen to its chime. Now hour bodies will heal, so we live with time!!!'' with the utterance of time the white light singing from her become blue. 

Blue shines and spreads over the pack. Cuts and stab holes heal. Burnt flesh sooths and grows. The darkness spreading from cut puss burns as the skin melds to hole.

Blue shines and spreads over the shadow soldiers. Wisps of black blow from skin. Drops of black splat to graound. Two dark beings falls and splash dark in the small circle room.

The shadow soldiers beneath William becomes sludge. The Shadow Warrior throw by Runtik shines away.

Three shadow soldiers for into one dark being and attack Guile. Knife long claws slash and stabe.

Guile pulls robe shut and lift's robe's arms over face and head. He ducks.

Blades as long as daggers slash over Guile, but the blades don not cut the Robe of Reighn. Their edge press against bone.
 
Blades as long as daggers stab the arms, but the blades do not pierce the Robe of Reighn. A few tips punch a dull point and splile Guile's skin.

Guile's blow and shoulder bleeds. 

The dark mass consumes and coveres Guile.

Guile appears to vanish and be replaces with a dark sphere.

The dark sphere fills a quarter of the small round room. 

Kirra raises short swords and...

,,STOP!'' sings Myst. The song of Myst of Reighn taps of palm and side of drum. 

Kirra holds the sword and stops back. The pain of broken forearm weights heavy on the shoulders. She stps back.

Spear stepto the black globe. He hybrid body breathes, sniffs and attacks the black blob.

Runtik stabs at the darkness saysing. ,,I know how deep Guile be.''

Spear's claws nearly as long as daggers swipe and stab the shadow mass. Spear feels the scense of where Guile's is found in the dark sphere. Spear connects with a sent and sound from Guile. 

Guile's shifting body bites into the darknee. Guile's rat hybrid body bites and near snips Spear.

Myst stares at Spear as Spear sipes and hits. She steps to Kirra and begins to rub and not thump the side of the drum.

Kirra stares at the portal above.

The magical light still shines through it show a small tube that goes up. 

Ladder bars stick from side of stone wall. 

,,William,'' says Kirra. She nods to the cieling. ''Portal.''

Four hands of claws stab Guile.

Giule feels stomach thump. And cheek split skin as the dagger lick shadow claws poke in. He feels a swort point prick hear.

Runtik stabs the shadow mass twice with dagger.

Spear claws and scrapes the shadows using intestint and smell not to hit Guile.

Shadow ooze flows from the sphere and slowly becomes a black goo that oozes through the water.

Rot stench spreads.

Wind blows from a tunnel and blows the stench.

Water flows from hole and washes the black ooze away.

The shadow mass around Guile remains.

Guile's lungs burn for air. Guil's throat constricks and sight becomes blurred. He focuses the pain and pushes for breath. 

The darkness spees and holds Guile's claws and paws and muzzle shit. Darkness seeps into his nose. The stings then sooths.

Spear cuts and bits the dark shadow over Guile.

And the darkness oozzes along, but Guile's constrict body stops the breath and burns the lungs. 

Spear feels the stress. 

Rutnik wants a rest and stbase into the shadow then pulls a daggger from sheath while watching William stepb to the portal above.

William sees the end of the light shines into a tube and ladder  he stands under the portand then to itch side peering into the two pother tunnels from the small room. 

Kirra kneels by the bars of one of the other tunnels. Dark oozes washes around her boots. She steps to water.

Myst hims and rubs hands on the drum. Her hands warm then burn. Her hums become the song. ,,Give me your hands please, so we meay see it whole again.''

Kirra stands tall and looks at the portladn. She grips on swords.

Myst grabs sling and slides are free.

Kirra's arm shocks pain then burn from Myst's palms the sooths.

Myst sings and grabs Kirra's forearms. She shifts and slides the bones. She sings. And her hand glows.

The light in the room glows brights.

Kirras bone grows.

And Guile moans, but the moan is sufficated from sound.

The darkness flows into nose.

Guile breaks from and statis and strikes the darkness around.

The darkness spreads and oozes into Giule's cuts. It seems under the hood of robe in into his eyes.

Spear scraprs aounrd Guile until the dark become ooze then he steps back, past William and aginst wall. He looks at Portal. He feels more coming down. Spear graps ladder and scurrries up the ladder in flash.

Runtik kicks water over Guile then grabs he hood, pulls it back and shovers Guile's face intot he water flowing into room.

Kirra seees and pushes back agains Myst.

William steps and shouts. ,,RUNTIK..''

Runtik slaps and rubs Guiles faces as she pulls it from the water. ,,The darkness. ...Get it off face. Darkenss will...''

William scoops and pours water over Guile's faces. 

Spear squeaks and he climbs from a the skinny portal to a dark hall.

Light shines from the portal into the hall creating a dim light dome. 

Myst release her hands from Kirra's forarm and steps from Kirra following the sound of the song of Reign singing in mind from behind in time with Runtik's splashing of black goo on Guile.

William grabs the robe of Reghin. ,,RUNTIK, GO TO SPEAR!''

Runtik nods and steps after Kirra. Kirra climbs the ladder, and runtik follows.

Myst splashs thorugh dark and water and kknees in the stream. 

The dark sludge burns bright. 

Myst grabs Guile face and presses her lips against his nose and mouth. She inhales.

Dark sludge flows in. Rot and stink stanin her smell and taste. Smoke flows between their lips.

Guile gags and coughs bits of black from nose and mouth.

Myst spits and gags and pushes William. ,,Go.'' She coughs and spits dark ooze and stands.

Guile wriths and watter then finds hands and balance then stands.

William steps to ladder. ,,You climb I follow.'' He peers at the tunnels then thorugh teh portal.

Through the portal, Kirra and Runtik climb. Kirra feels a slight sting through forearm. Runtik feels a slight stink for dark mass over a few cuts.

The see Spear leap over the portal and from the light.

Spear smells hugoboins sweat and hears chain mail shirts swish.

The sound cheo through the stone passage. 

the stone passage archs over to a point above that Spear's can touch of he reaches high above head. The stone passage spans back and forth into darkness. A dust musky hangs in the sand dust spread over to side. 

A steel pieces, the size of a round medium shield, lays near the hole. 

Spear crouches and sniffs, listens.

Kirra slips and steps from the tunnel and crouch bey Spear. Her breathes slows.

Runtik ouls and stands from hole. ,,We are under the street. it si a service tunnel of tunnesl. A grid of smuggling.''

Clicks and clacks smack through the tunnel with tinks and tanks of steel and steel. 

Spear and Kirra hear the sound come from behind and before. They kneel on the floor. 

Runtik says. ,,We find a another ahll of a portal to the street. If we move over a few feet then under the wall we be.'' She looks down the hole.

Through teh portole, Guile slowly climbs the rungs of the latter between the coughs and sneezes. Dark sprays from nose. He wipes and climbs to top.

Myst pushes Guile's foot from the portland and climbs to surface with her hum.

Her hum calm the pack and moves the light to shine throught the tunnel.

Runtiks says. ,,Dime the light for it...'' She closes her eyes and sees the dark. The eye bears spread to glows the fade to dim.

Crossbows strings zing, and bolts shoot by Kirr and Spear.

Spear and Kirr and spear roll to side and run along the walls of the tunnel. 

Myst ihales and mum her quiet hum. The light fades.

Darkness speeads.

,,Follow,'' says Kirra. 

Guile, Myst and William follow.

Runtik stands and walk. ,,Torch any one.''

As if on cue, a fireball bursts. 

Fire expands a ball of  flame oforming and expaning between Kirra and Spear.

In an instant it explodes. 

Fire fiilss the tunnel.

Runtik falls into the portal. Guile hit the stone and covers self with robe. Williams turns and hugs, tackles Myst. Spear and Kirra rush and leave along the side of the tunnel foward.

The fire busts and spreads over all. 

Kirra and Spear leap from the fire ball.

the fire ball illuminates a group of sihlouettes along the hall. 

Guile and Myst feel the flames singe hair and burn cuts.

William feels the burn. ,,Myst.'' He says.

Myst bums. She sees the warriors with small shields and short swords run through the hall from their Rise and Set. She says, ,,You stand fight while we sing the song. William for a horde of warrios come.''

Runtik hears the click and clack and steps with back to William and Spear and Kirra as they run the other why. ,,More magic comes our way.'' She oulls herself from the portal and slaps Guile's foot.

William grabs Myst and kicks Guiles shouler. ,,Guile you need to stand if you wish to lead for we need to run inot the battle if we are to save ourselves from the magic of fireballs.

Guile maons. 

William pulls Guile to a stand and fast walk. 

Guile hilds his heart dagger.

Runtik jogs with Myst.

Kirra and Spear run through the dark stone all.

Spear sees through the gray green of the hybrid form's sight, twelve warrrios and two robed begins run at Kirra and Spear.

A blue light shines. A bold of lighitng flies and slams into Spear.

Spear sparks blue and run thorugh the strike of lighting. His huge hybrid form hold the desert warrior warhammers. He leaps and swing. 

A warriors raise small shield and short swords.

Spear's warhammer hits small shield, breaks it, smash arm and crushes a warriors chest. Warrior falls.

Kirra charges, spins and stabs unders a small shield and into the crotch of another warrior.

William runs the middle of the hall holding long swords and humming fast and loud with Myst. 

Myst hums will William runs. She steps turns and stands.

Runtik run past with Guile.

Guile falls and rolls, crawls to side of wall. 

Runtik sees through the dark, the low light like it was dawn. She feels beyond the soldiers and the robe beings. He body shutters and shifts and she appears behind the twelve running at them. He appears behond the two robed beins.

The two robe being click and clack, and one smakes hands, and glowing missles shoot from fingers.

The missles burst into Runtik. 

A glow illuminates, and Kirra and Spear see the size of the group.

The group wears red chain mail over black leahter armor. Each hold a small shield and short sword.

,,Army,'' says Kirra. 

The army soldiers for a four wide wall before Spear and Kirra. 

Four short swords slash at Kirra and Spear hitting lonly metal and wood plates.

Click and clacks spread through tunnel befor and behind.

Behind, Williams step behind Kirra nd Spear and look at Myst. 

Myst stands in the middle of the halle and hums and waves arms. 

A sound of a hight pitched whistle blows and peirces for a second then become a cone of whistle that sing thorugh the hall behind the pack as the pack presses the other way.

Guile rolls to side and lays. His hybrid rat form pumps heart and mind fast and hard. He grabs heart dagger and focuses on a maze thorugh the dark, the sounds and the tensions. Through the thought, a focus is felt. He stares mindless at Spear and Kirra.

Spear swings warhammer bash a head from shoulders and crushing a shoulders.

Kirra stabs the throat of one soldiers and cuts the chest of another.

Three soldiers fall. Their amror clashes with click and clacks.

Six soldiers and two spell casters attack the pack.

The six soldiers slash with short sword and bash with small shields. One short swords cuts Spear's shoulders. Kirra's face is bashed with a small shield.

Spear swats with forepaws swiping face then neck of one soldiers.

Kirra stabs gut of a soldiers then slashes it's face.

William stabs and guts a soldier.

Three soldiers fall dead.

And three attack the the trio fo the back.

Runtik stands behind the three soldiers and the two spell casters. Magical burn stands her stomach. Two daggers stick form clenched fists. She stabs  and slashes at the face of the robe being. Daggers cut cheeks and stab arm.

The other robe being clicks and clacks and creates a cicle with arms. She says in gobtalk, ,,Youtik risetak. Youtik killatak steeltok handtik.''

Runtik shouts. ,,The dead rise for the steel hand.''

Myst whistles and blows at the back of the pack through the dark and over the portland where they climbs.

A torch flies at Myst from the darkness. Three bolts shoot at Myst.

The torch blows to smoke. the bolts blow to the ground.

A whistle wall blows from Myst mouth with the Song of Reighn playing a flute and drums that pound with the ambient pounds of battle.

Three swords slash and three shields bash. And three dead and body warrriors rise form the stone hall floor. One sword stabs Spear's butt. One sword cuts Kirra's forearm and s stitch of armor.

Kirra stabs chest of soldiers and slashes one across face. One soldier falls and another stumbles. 

Spear cuts face of stumbling soldier, who then faces. Punches face of another soldiers, who falls. The Spear grabs his warhammer.

William stabs and slices a soldier to knees then death.

Six soldiers rise from the floor. Their shoulders hangs and bodies wave as the swing swords and moan. 

Runtik stabs twice at robe being before. 

The robed being circleing hands to raise dead steps back and flings arm. She clicks and clack and point back to aim hand at Runtik. 

A bright beam of heat burnd form the finger tips of the robed being. The beam streams from the robe being to Runtik. 

The bright beam gleams and burns a heat from inside Runtik's chest. 

Runtik falls back as undead rise adn strike.

Six dead soldiers swing fast adn true at William.

William deflects two blades with steel hands. 

Spear hits aside another.

Thre blades nick and cut into William's arm with the steel hand. 

Guile sees the six undead rise and says, ,,MYST!'' loud and holds Heart Dagger. He pushes against flooor and stands against wall. He turns and steps toward Myst and metnoad shout through Myst's whistle wall.

Myst steps back toward the backs of the back and Guile as she blows a hight pitched sound only her by those before fher. 

The whistle sound blows through the hall into the dark and at a group of goblinoids. 

A pea sized flame shoots like a rock from a sling from the group and at Myst. Fire blooms and blows, filles the hall. Flame hits the walls. it slams against the whistle wall and blows back through the hall over the portal and at the group running the hall.

All the running group feel the heat. Fire beats and burns six more soldiers from head to feet. They fall and a few weep.

Myst sings with the ring of their burning cries, and the whistle blows.

Then two bolts from crossbows flow through her whistle song and stick into Myst.

Myst's song of ring skips and slows and stalls. Her whistle continues to creat a sonus wall.

The dead behind her do not fall, but rise.

Spear bashs skulls of deads sholiders like begs in boards. Their skulls crush and smash. Three bodies fall to ground.

Kirra steps between the rising undread and slices at the back of the robed priest. Her swords slices the priest's shoulder.

The pries stumbles as Runtik falls and throws daggers.

Two dagger stick from the priest.

The priest falls.

And William slashses then punches down an undead to a pile of flesh and bones.

Runtik stumbles aaway. She hold stomach with one hand and waves arm. ,,We go. You follow.''

Guile hears Runtik and runs at lone undead swinging word at William. Guile stabs neck and slams agains the undead. He feels a shock from the hilt. He feels a thud from hitting the undead body.

The undead soldier swings at William, and sword swings wide and hits ground.

Spear bashes the undead's head to a blood stain with Rose Warrior Hammer then breaks the chest of the fallen prienst. Kirra stabs the fallen wizard as William steps and rises swords toward Myst.

Guile says, ,,WE GO.''

,,You follow me,'' says Runtik.

Their like whispers to Myst's whistle.

Myst's steps toward the rushing group and blows.

Five crossbow bolts fire. Three turn to dust. Two stabs Myst.

Myst sings through the pain.

William grabs Myst's shoulder.

Myst's song faulters to silence.

,,WE MOVE.'' says William. His voice sings to Myst.

And Myst steps. 

William grabs her and pulls her behind her and before her as they run the hall.

The pack steps and jogs. They step over the dead bodies and follow Runtik.

A few bolt hit William's back.

William hears clicks and clacks and hears a few words of, ,,Fasttok...Gettik...Shootik.''

A bolt stabs Williams shoulder, between the plates of his amror.

,,We stand,'' says William. He looks back at the light glowing from the portal where they came.

One, two...Ten sihlouettes leap through the light and block the light as they run down the hole.

,,We go,'' says Rutnik. ''There are thousands of warriors to fight.'' 

Spear sniffs and nods back to the warriors adn stops. 

Guile squeaks and says with high pitched surface talk. ,,We pack, Spear.''

Spear see thorugh the dark as a dark grays and sees ten.

William steps and grabs Myst. ,,I can't see.''

Myst says and steps fast following Runtik's lead.

Runtik pulls a glass rod the length ofa finger from her branching armor.

A deep heaving and mouth brething Guile says wiht slobber. ,,Why...Why...Soldiers chase?''

,,Chaos of Bin leads them to the steel hand,'' Runtik runs the hall. She snaps the glass.

Both end of the glass rod glows.

The light illuminates the floor, the walls the ceiling as the pack run along the narrow hall.

,,Light leads,'' say Kirra.

Runtik steps and runs along another hall. ,,It leads where we want.''

The floor spans two steps wide. Stone bricks and sand pan over. A few steel disks rest flat on the ground.

The walls rise with cracks and a few holes. Stone arches frame piles of sand hills seeping thorugh into the hall like a door open and sand slide inside.

The pack leaves over a few large mounds from these sondfilled doors the entered and stopped agains the wall.

The ceiling above is a series of wood and stone arches holding bolders and stone above. A few bolders lay on ground beneath where they brook from the ceiling. A few piles and a side of a wall covers hafl the hall.

Runtik runs and squeezes through the opening and beyond the tunnel.

The tunnel splits. The roof above become slats of wood. Stone walls with windows and doors

Stone and sand rise for a wall to the Wax. To the wane. bricks rose behind walls of wood with holes ofr windows and doors. Wood slats lay like a side walk.

The wood slats creek and bang with the heavy feet of the pack.

The pack runs through the tunnel following Runtik's glowing lights waving through the dark tunnel.

the pack runs with Spear and Kirra leading after Runtik.

Guile breathes and heaves with a limb to ease the the pain in his ankle.

Myst hums and sees through the halls. She follows and signs with the sound of the banging of the boards of the floor.

William runs behind. He glances back at darkness.

They hear only their noise. Myst sings and sees only the echo of their passing.

They pass an intersection that flash wax and wane. To the Wane a brick tunnel leaning to side spans to darkness. To the Wax, a tunnel with a waood slatted flow and one wooded wall spanes dark.

Runtik says, ,,We run straight, turn twenty feet.''

William only hear Rutnik say feet.

Myst hears all and grabs William. ,,Follow the song of Reighn.'' Her hums sooths and calm near silence.

Runtik tosses both light rods to the Wane into the stone brick tunnel with the sandstone floor.

The lights twirl and fly into the dark and shatter.

Darkness is. 

Dots of lights glow from behind. 

Before Runtik feels to Guile location.

Guile feels Runtik. He squeaks a high pitched talk only Spear and his animals ears hears.

Spear smells Guile and lets Guile pass. 

Guile runs afte Runtik.

,,I hear our path,'' says Myst. She fumbles Willim's hand to her hand. Their hands clasp.

The pack runs over stone then wood then stone. They turn Wax, Wane and run straights. 

The hair become dry. The ground hard. 

>STOP,< shouts Runtik to Guile. And through Guile and with Myst's hearing, the pack stops around Runtik. 

William tips into Runtik. 

Runtiks sways. Her hand rub the ground. He fingers wrap around edigde of a round steel cover.  She pulls back the steel cover. ,,You down. I follow. We go to old sewers. We hide and leave.''

Spear's rat hybird body grabs on side of hold and lowers, grabs rungs of iron lader down. 

Guile, Myst then William climb down the portal in the ground and down the later similar to the ladder and portal where they climbed-upp.

Kirra stands and says to Runtik. ,,You go.''

Echoes of boards banging and deeps breathes soothed with click and clacks bang through the hall.

,,I know how to set and hide.'' says Runtik.

Kirra moves short sword blade near Runtik's face.

Runtik nods and slides down the handles and pulls. You move fingers. Or fingers get smash.'' She crawls down the ladder.

The click and clacks thack and smack along the hall. 

A light appears and glows down along the hall.

Kirra crawls down hole. She grabs fondles through the dark and grabs a handle on the edgoe of the portal cover. She pulls and slides the portal cover as she descends.

The portal slides, and sand falls. It closes with a thunk, and echo.

Runtik whispers fast. ,,You loud enough as shout.'' She stops decent. ''You feel for a bar in the wall and a latch in the center of the portland cover. It flips down.''

Clicks and clack, stomps and metal hitting metal sound all around. Feet scrape across ground.

Kirra finds a fliping circle loop hooked to the portland cover and the rod. The rod slides from wall and through the loop and into a hole on the rother side.

Thumps and bangs rattle the portal.

,,We down,'' say Runtik.

Kirra and Runtik climb down ladder with the banging.

The spread out into the darkness around the wall and ladder. 

Runtik squeezes to the floor and breaks as glass rod.

Light glows.

The pack steps into a small circluar room. 

Sand and sonte covere the floor. Dry ditches span into four tunnels. 

Thunks and bangs boom above.

Runtik points to a short tunnel with a sand field base and tosses a light to Willliam.

William fumbles the light rod.

Spear sniffs and nods up.

Thumps bang and the portal above hears to shake and rattle. 

Runtik says, ,,You follow. I will stop at next small room. You continue through. I set diversion. I set traps.''

Spear stands, and kirra raises shorts sword. 

runtik crotches and shuffles into the tunnel holding dagger and light.

The crouch crawll to small room. 

Distant thumps and bang stops. There is a thumps, a scream and a thunk banks throough tunnel.

Runtik points to a tunnel. ,,You go through tunnel.'' She grabs Spear's shoulder. ''You stay for stength to cave in the hole.'' She points to the ceiling.

Bowed wood ceiling spreads around the circular room. The center of the wood ceiling bend and hangs. A steel change hangs from the center and hooks to a far side.

Runtik says, ,,You MOVE.''

Guile takes a glowing rod and crawls into a tunnel. 

Myst pulls on William's arm. Willim looks at Myst and follows Myst.

Kirra stands with Spear. 

Runtik give spear the chain and holds end. She steps before Kirra. ,,You want to stay and be crushed?'' 

they stare. 

Runtik lifts the glow tube. 

Kirra crouches and crawls through tunnel look back at the ankle of Runtik and Spear.

Spear steps and looks down the tunnel where they game.

A point of light shines at the end of the tunnel.

Runtik pulls chain from hook. ,,We go.'' She grabs the end of chain and crawls into tunnel.

Spear stares through the tunnel fro where they come and sees sihlouettes gather at the other end.

,,Spear, we go.''

Spear looks at the chaing and follows it Runtk. He steps.

Runtik says, ,,You walk in walk and pull chain when i say. The ceiling will fall. We will esacpe.''

Spear shurgs shoulders and nods. He follows Runtik until the chain pulls taut.

The light and sounds glows and pounds through the tunnel toward the small circle room.

Runtik says, ,,We pull when close. We wait...''

Spear's big hybrid rat body shifts and jerks, whiskers twist.

''We wait...''

The light and clicking snaps through the tunnel. The feet fall in a steady march. A few crossbow bolts shoot and hit the ground near.

LIGHT SHINE BLUE. A lighting bolt shoots along tube.

Runtik shouts, ,,PULL.''

Spear pulls aon the chain.

The chain links click taught.

A bit of dust and a few rocks fall from ceiling.

The lighting bolt slams into Spear.

Spear's body jolts. He shits and shakes, holds chain and slides into Runtik.

The chaing pulls, and the walls shake. Dust billows.

Electric shocks jolt thorugh Spear. 

Spear's back spam's. He cleches an stands.

Runtik, with eyes closed, grabs Spear and steps back and into the darkness.

The voices of the pack speak through the dark leading Spear and Runtil through the dust and pain.

Spear feels pain when breathing. He grabs the side of his chest.

Through the dark, William grabs sword, peers.

Myst hums through throat and seeps Spear. She says soft. ,,Runtik and Spear walk.'' 

Giule coughts and spits and gages a bit. His chest burns and his nose runs. He breathes deep and rubs nows. he tries to blow a burn through nose to the ground.

Snot flies, and the burn remains.

Kirra says, ,,We go.''

Runtik sniffs. ,,We leave follow. We exit through the ruins.''  She grabs a glass rod and crack.

The glass rod glows

William steps after Runtik and coughs. ,,Who is following us? And how did they find us if not by you?''

Runtik laughs. ,,You have more reasone to hate John of the Goblinkin. We've been given to the Binites.'' She steps long strides through the mud brick hall with bits of brick over the floor.''

,,Love,'' says William.

Guile coughs and rubs nose. ,,You got fucked again.'' He gargle laughs. A burn flows thorugh nose and chest. He coughs and spits. He staresa the spit and sees a black splat.

,,We got fucked,'' says Runtik. She looks back. 

,,Branching, too?'' says Kirra. ''And you.''

Runtik steps wide and fast ducking under wooden beams holding the ceiling.

Wood ceiling sags and bows. Mud bricks scatter over ground. New and old wood braces hold the mud bricks walls. Sand coers the floor. a few door ways lean to side. 

Runtik points to a stick spanning from one brace holding wane wall to another brace holding wax wall. ,,You no step.'' Shepeers at Guile. She steps over stick and quick walks a few steps.

William, Spear, Myst and Kirra and Gile step over the stick.

Guile coughs. He steps and rubs and rubs nose. 

William steps after Myst. ,,Who are after us?''

Runtik walks fast. ,,The Chaos of Bin is after the steel hands.'' She looks back at the back. 

Myst hums, ,,The beings who kill the caravan and left the undead to stand to kill the one with the steal hand.''

Guile sweats and breathes deep.

Guile's lungs burn.

Spear says and lifts war hammer. ,,How are we betrayed?''

,,John of the goblin, Love, Senatro Rings.'' She glances back and ducks under a hanging beam. ''They the chaos to stop and kill the head priest with the steel hand.'' She looks forward. ''The have a guantlet that will create the steel hands. They have created many steal hands here is Oasis.'' 

Guile coughs and spits. He rubs his nose and smear a black snot around face and on sleeve. 

Runtik contineus her talk and looks back. ''They have creating them and shipping them.'' She stands and stares and peers at Guile thorugh the light. Her talk slows and a mutterings of a stare. ''We are the decoy.''

Spear stands and stares. Kirra steps to Runtik and glares.

Black ooze flows from the guile.

The black ooze smears and sticks. It spanes strings from Guile's hand to Guile's forearm. 

Runtik steps by Kirra to ward Guile.

Guile coughs and gage and fals to knees. Black oozes drips from Guile's mouth.

Runtik whispers. ,,Shadows of Chaos be true.'' She steps away from Guile.

,,What?'' says William.

Spear and Kirra look at Guile.

Guile falls to knnees.

Myst hums and hears Guile's song stop, skip and twang like a cord breaks. Her song pulls from her mind the thought and action of sight. The song sung through throats vibrates her body and head and makes her blink to all, but a red hue hovers. 

A red hue plays around Guile and seeps through Guile and around Guile. The red hue consumes Guile song plucking strings and bashing drums.

Black ooze drips from Guile's mouth, ears and nose. 

Kirra grabs Runtik's arm and pulls her back. ,,Talk.''

Runitk stares at Guile and steps back. ,,Shadow soldiers stories are many. One story tells of Shadow Soldiers infecting spellcasters and psionics.'' She steps from Guile. ''He's infected.''

,,I've seen this the color of this sickness in the bits of gladiators.'' Myst steps and kneels by Guile. ''Senator Ring was...'' 

A loud scraping noise scratch thorugh Myst's mind and constricts her throat.

Myst fallst to knee. 

William steps to Myst.

Kirra pushes Runtik at Guile. ,,Fix it.''

,,I can not fix,'' says Runtik. ''I hear stories. I never witnesss.'' She looks at Myst and pulls from Kirra's grasp. ''We leave Guile. We go.''

Spear step to Guile, and William pulls on Myst's shoulder. 

William pulls and says, ,,Myst if this black ooze-''

,,Sing with Rieghn William,'' She pulls from William and touches Guile. ''Sing with me, Wililam.''

Myst hums and whistles and on hnad taps her topless drum as the other hand touches Guile.

William looks from Spear to Kirra to Runtik.

Runtik shrugs and steps away, ,,Those how follow may be through the wall soon. Those who want to kill a steel hand do not stop.'' She grabs her daggers and steps back. ''I get paid for the silver hand.''

Kirra raises her short swords and steps to Runtik. ,,Leave or stand. Don't stop us.''

While Kirra talks to Runtik, William clears throat and hums. His hums play with Myst's hum. William harmonizes with, ,,Weeeeeeeeeeee...'' then pause to a hum watchin Myst. 

Myst presses hand son Guile's chest and thorugh the red sight seen through teh song around Guile. All her sound sight sees the red.

The black oozes from Gulie nose and mouth and tongue. 

Guile's mind follows a maze to darkness.

Spear steps over Guile and down the hall from the pack and the light toward direction of the cave in.

Runti says, ,,We need to leave. There will be more Shadow Soldiers and warriors. They will be here.''

Spear looks along the hall, and the other of the pack look at Guile and Myst.

Guile's body shifts form from hybrid rat to flesh covered half dwarf. Black oozed flows from ears, nose and mouth. His gargling breath stops. His eyes stare.

Myst presses hand on Guile and feels the red consume his image in her mind. Her hum and stop with the drum pounds in mind and from drum and hand.

William says, ,,From the depths of the hall wide, Guile's sould we will find inside...''

Runtik kicks at sandy ground. ,,How long is this prayer going to be.'' She stomps by the group to stand next to Spear. ''We need to leave before they move that rock.''

Spear says, ,,How long the song?''

Myst sings, ,,Spear you must grabs him over the waist and through him over shoulder with haste if we have not time to waste.'' She stands. Black ooze drips from her hands. ''A place to sing and pray for an entire day is the way to help Guile to stand from a lay.'''

Spear looks at Myst and Willliam. He grabs Guile and thows in over waist and steps to Runtik. ,,Lead and we follow.''

Runtik nods and steps back. She watches the black ooze dropping. 

Willia bops head with the beat of Myst and humms to song after Myst, ,,We be on our way away from they that our path will allow use hidden tod stay.''

Myst stands and her and William follows Spear.

Kirra takes the rear of the back looking back as they follow runtik and the glowing rod through the run.

Runtik  says loud. ,,A hidden trail will help. We will find a place to rest.'' Runtik fast steps fast.

The tunnel leads straighn then tune before a pile of red bricks. To the left bricks and wood stick from frame of hall.

Bits of ooze drop along the damaged sand floor of the pasage. The pack presses fresh imprints into the sand.

Kirra steps without a trace, but follows the trail of foot prints, sweat and black ooze.

The black ooze drops in thick beads that spread like syrup over the sand ground.

Kirra steps on stones after the pack.

Spear stomps along the hall ducking and side stepping past saggins walls, fallen walls and a dippin ceilg.

Guile shakes and joggles limp over Spear's shold. Guile's head hits against Spear's back.

Black ooze smears Spear's back.

The ooze jiggles and burn to smoke as Myst's song.

Myst sings, ,,The dark shadows spread...From the pores of the head. Free, free the miind. Slow his body time. A path we find.'' And as Myst sings her song of Reighn the song of Riegh in her mind slows song the strings and no longer sings. Myst feels her body pull to the ground like a sound dropped to the ground.

William catch Myst and hums with Myst as Myst sings. William says in harmony. ,,Where we go. I need to know.'' then he lets and sings slow and long. ''I need to know so Msyt can sit and Guile heal.''

Runtik pivots heaad and strides fast and wide. ,,We need to watch step. We need.'' She glances back. 

The path ppart Wax and Wan ad a wall of fallen brick slide. The slide of brickes rises to a darkness and boards.

Runtik slows steps, but keeps her stride wide and says above Myst now mumbling song. ,,You follow me with wide strides. You put Guile on brick slope. We walk along the stone. We back walk to the Guile and brink. We leave a trail for others to follow.''

A low boom shakes walls. Dust sprinkles from the ceiling.

The pack follows Runtik around the corner along the stong ground. 

Runtik says, ,,Spear needs to walk and put Guile and follow. You need to drip the black ooze on ground.

Myst falls limb and her huming becomes mumbles. 

William holds Myst. As they pass Guile and the stone slope he lays Msyt by Guile and stands.

,,You walk,'' says Runtik. ''You drip the black ooze on ground.'' She steps wide. '' 

Willliam needs by Myst. 

,,You walk,'' says Runtik. Her voice flows with calm. ''We leave a trail for other to follow.''

William stands and stares at Myst.

Myst hums and sweats. Black ooze stains her hands.

Runtik continues to talk. ''Walk twenty steps until you feet step on stone then walk back wihtough turning around.''

Spear stands and squeaks and sniffs. 

dust and decay spreads through the air and over skin. 

''You walk back. You walk back.'' She steps on stone and steps a few more feet.

''You step back to pile.''

Kirra, Spear then Runtik walk backward along the sand covered stone. Spear's paws miss step and spread. Kirra steps withouth a trace back hopping from open stone spot to cracks. 

As the walk backward, runtik says, ''We will step on the slope of mud bricks. You will follow me.'' 

William sits on brick by Myst  

Myst mumbles and sweats  

Runtik steps on the stones, ,,You step on stones.'' She steps on flat brickes abmove the hundreds rising to a pile. She steps into the darkness and says, ,,You hurry.'' She lifts hand in to darkness, slides hand over wood surface then reaches foreamr into a hole. She grabs a robe and pulls.

A click clackes, and Runtik pushes up a trap door into darkness. ,,Climb.''

Runtik lays the door on the floor.

A dome of light glows into the darkness.

Spear grabs Guile.

Guile lays still and silent with one quivering finger as the black ooze smokes from his body.

Spear throws guile over should and pnces and leaps with two steps up the pile through the ceiling door and into the darkness. His gray sight sees through the nightly dark to see boxes, sacks and casks. His paws step on sand covered wood.

Runtik steps down the rocks soft and silent.

Kirra stands on the slope of bricks and looks into hall.

The walls shake and low boom flows through the walls. Sand and dust fall.

Sand falls on Myst soaking into her sweat and over her lips as her lips hum faint murmurs of notes.

The nots flow with Williams low and hight tones that sound like long precussion then he sings, ,,Toooooo seeeeeeee...'' William listen to the song of Reighn in his mind and sings words from his mind. ''Buuuurn A-waaayyy...'' Then hums and lays hands on Myst.

Myst says Guile.

Kirra says, ,,Climb William. Get Myst and clime.'' She looks along the hall. ''We have no time.''

William sings, ,,Climb William, Climb. We have not time. We have to find. A place to let the body dine on Rieghn's songof healing. We have the feeling...'' She slides arms under her shoulders and thighs and lifts Myst.

Myst's body hangs, and arms sway with legs. Her head falls back. 

William steps and slides.

A few mud bricks shift, and one tumbles. 

Kirra steps without trace or sound pu the brick slop.

Runtik steps down past William and says to Kirra. ,,You stay. We hide path from trackers.''

Kirra looks at Runtik.

Runtiks stares at Kirra. ,,We hide us.''

Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

Runtik and Kirra peers and kneel along the bricks. They blow away steps. The sprinkle sand on bits of black ooze and sweat drips and mud. Runtik shifts a few blocks and pulls a small class ball from side pouch and blows a step facing the pile of mud bricks.

Kirra brush and piles sad guiding the trail along hte hall.

Kirra peers and stares around.

Runtik holds the glass ball. ,,This breaks and stinks. It will stain nose and scent.''

Kirra steps to the door.

Runtiks says, ,,You follow me. You steps without a trail. I slip.'' She throws the glass ball.

They stand.

A shatter of glass breaks silence.

Runtik steps the slops and slips on a brick. She enters the darkness and grabs the floor door.

Kirra peers and blows a boot print from the sand and steps into the darkness.

Runtik shuts the floor door. She grabs a bar and pushes the a thick steel bar through two steel hoops and across the wood floor door and through two more steel loops.

With a rat squeak deep voice, Spear says, ,,What is this place?''
























