Minst says, ,,Is Guile dead?'' Minst kneel to the ground and lowers ear to mouth. ''He's not breathing.'' He puts hand on hard. 

No pound thumps through in Guile's chest.

Minst looks. A drop fo sweat falls on Guile's lip.

Guile's lip doesn't move.

They stare.

Spear lowers, slaps Guile's face.

Guile's face wips to side and eyes remain open. His body still.

,,Dead,'' says Spear.

John of the Goblinkin looks at Guile then at the pack then at Guile. He kneels and grabs Guile's cloth collar, lifts, shakes. ,,YOu wake, you wake, you wake...''

Guile's head flops and bops and shakes. 

John slams Guile's head against the hards sand.

William steps and nudges knee against John. ,,Be respectful of the dead.

John of the Goblinkin looks at Guile, spits. His jaw clences and eyes peers at William, kicks sand, pushes Minst steps through cage door, slams door and walks along his train to the Set.

Myst kneels by Guile and places song. 

,,Warrior dies,'' says Spear. He lowers heard and thinks of a tree and sees the tree grow green leaves.

As Spear stands and thinks of tree, Kirra walks from the cage and over the desert while looking at the black goo on cloths and hands. 

As Kirra walks, William and Myst stare at Guile.

Minst says, ,,I was becoming fond of Guile.''

William nods. ,,He was part of the pack.''

Myst kneels and begins to hum and vibrate a song through lips and throats low and calm. Deep booms sing like darkness before the dawn then it whistles like birds. Myst sings the sounds.

William says, ,,My Reighn sing you soul with the symphony of life.

Then Myst's voice clam to silence.

And Guile's body lays still and starring.

William, Minst and Myst sit and look at Guile's dead body.

Kirra walks toward the Rise and stands.

The sun shines. 

Shadows begin to caste toward the Rise.

The pack sits, sweats and looks over the sands.

Guile lay dead.

Then John of the Goblinkin walks from the Set sands. He leads black clad shadow soldiers and a wood cart that rolls slow. It rolls to the cage as the black clad beings spread over the cages and around the pack.

,,What will they do to us?'' say Minst.

William peers, stands and grabs a rock and a rod. ,,I will seek that information from John the Shit.'' 

John walks with wagon as the wagon is pulled by warriors wearing red leather armor and black chain mail. ,,YOU MOVE FROM CAGE. MOVE MOVE MOVE...'' shouts John as he runs to the cage.

William steps from cage and stands in the path of John. 

Minst and Myst stand.

The shadows warriors spread through the cages and by William.

John nudges William and steps into the cell. 

Three shadow warriors walk with John. Two grab Guile.

,,Where are you taking his body?'' says William.

John walks through the cage dopor and by William. He peers at William.

The shadow warriors carry Guile by the head and feat and steps quiet after John. Their hugoblin eyes peer and feel to follow.

Minst steps away feeling a power of magic pulse from their being.

John and shadow warriors step through the cages to the Set.

The cart wheels roll to the set.

Guile's feet hang over the cart's edge.

William follows their step.

Spear and Kirra follow William.

Myst stands and stares and sings.

Minst sits and opens his spell book and sees the marks and the lines in rows and columns. The marks etch sounds in Minst's mind like cricket chirps and finger snaps and tongue clicks. Minst stares and reads rows and rows and rows of columins of marks, lines.

The sounds in MInst's mind are louder than the song from Myst's mouth.

Myst hum a Hymn of Reighn sings. The song sees a sight over the land and the desert. The song follows the path ofthe wagon roll toward the rise. The song flows over the desert floor and etween the sand cracks. The song sings around the shadow soldiers, the cart and John of the Goblinkin.

William hears the song and sees the world in notes as Myst sees. And william stops to look through Myst's song.

And Kirra and Spear stand behind William as Myst's song sings with the Shadow Soldiers, soldiers, the cart with Guile laying dead.

The song fades around Guile and follows the cart as it rolls to the set, over the sands and to the horizon until the sight the cart vanishes from sight, but to the song of Myst of Rieghn sings to see to all the path to those who hear.

William hears the song and stands as Spear and Kirra stand behind William.

Spear stands, stares and says, ,,A warrior Guile was. Welcome to the land Guile will be. Alive with us he will remain.''

Kirra stares, shrugs sholders and nods head back then follows the head movement with a pivot on heel and a steps away.

William stares to the horizon with eyes, but sees with the song of Myst of Reighn.

The Song of Myst of Reighn sings over the sand with Guile. It sings with the cracks and the stomps of feet. It sings around the cart as the cart stops, and the soldiers stand.

The ground around John of the Goblins and his band of soldiers lowers into the ground and into the ground along a long tube as deep full grown tree trunk.

Then the platform flows and lowers into a hall floor. 

The hall floor spans toward the Wax and Wane.

The cart, the soldiers walk from the platform as John the Goblins stands. As the last soldiers steps from platform, it rises with John of the Goblinkin standing on top.

The platform rises to the desert floor and stops.

The song sight below the ground is blind then the entire song sight of the planes dims to silence as Myst singing stops. The last thing the song sees is John of the Goblinkin walking toward the cages and the pack. The song sings around being snot see with light sight.

Shadow Soldiers stand still in the small shaodows of bars and cage tops.

William blinks and rubs eyes. 

Spear puts a hand on William's shoulder. ,,My friend be you good?''

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,Yes, my friend, as I have just seen the depths of the desert with Myst's song of Reighn.''

,,And Guile,'' says Spear.

William steps and faces Spear, says, ,,Guile is dead,'' and steps to the Rise and the cages.

Spear follows William to Minst and Myst.

Kirra walks far from the pack between the cages and near other prisoners. She sees John of the Goblin walk the desert toward the pack as shee wallks to the Wane Rise. The sun shines from the Rise Wanes casting shit shadows from cages.

Shadow soldiers appera from cage shadows around Kirra and the pack and John of the Goblinkin. The shadows soldiers step and become shadows.

Kirra walk ot hte Wane Set along the side of John of the Goblinkin. 

,,YOU GET IN CAGES!'' hollers John of the Goblinkin. John grabs jewelled dagger and Guile's Heat dagger and walks to the pack and cages.

William and Spear hear John's shout, but continue the walk to with out a look back. They walk to Myst and Minst and stand outside the cages.

John raises dagger teps and points has his feet pound the hard sand ground. ,,YOU CAGES, CAGEC CAGES CAGES.''

William and Spear stand by Myst and Minst outside the cages.

Spear grabs two rods. ,,We fight.''

Wiliam stands with back to John, grabs rods and stands.

John steps and runs and clicking and clacking loud and long.

Minst hears John's goblin speak rant and hears the words. ,,John is worrired about Senator Song.'' He looks from the spell book and peers at John. ''John is talking to some one. ...Or something.''

,,The shadow soldiers,'' says Minst. '''I see them between the sight with song.''

The shadow soldiers stand and watch and wait as john stomps past.

John of the Goblinkin stomps to William's back with clicks and clacks. ,,YOU IN THE CAGES. IN CAGES!'' He pushes at William's back.

William doesn't move.

John pokes Jewelled Dagger inot ''YOU IN CAGES!''

The Jewelled Dagger stabs a shock through William.

William spins and swats at John's hand and dagger, but John steps back with both dagger held, and William's hand hitting only air. ,,Why,'' says William. ''We should we heed your commands if for dead you will leave us.''

,,You left how I leave.'' John steps to William with dagger held high ready to strick. ''You want to be like Guile.''

William steps on steps to John clenching the pointed rods. ,,You move me.'' William stands.

John stands.

A few shadow soldiers appear from the shadows as the step to the sun shine.

William stares, and Spear steps back.

Minst looks from the goblin spell book. Myst's song is her breath and her breath sees William and John stand.

William drops his pointed rods and stare as he stands before John.

A few shadow warriors step from cage shadows. Each hold a black short swords and black shield. Their shapes shift between seen and unseen. One near Myst steps toward Myst and Minst.

Spear feels and steps back. ,,One behind.'' Spear spies and sees Kirra walking around the cages and behind the shadows soldiers and John.

Kirra steps, stands and stares watching the shadow soldiersa surround john; watching William and John stand and stare.

William and John stand.

John clicks and spits with surface talk. ,,YOu in cages.''

,,No,'' says William. He stares. ''You want me in cage.'' William points. ''You put me in cages.''

John of the Goblinkin smiles and licks lips and lowers tips of knifes. He drops knifes, steps, leaps at William.

John and William grabble, push and pull. 

John bites Wiliam's hand and lifts up shift force and wait upon Wiliam.

William, unbalanced, stumbles back and trips to the ground. Hand bleeds.

John leaps on William.

William rolls and punches John's chest. Steel studs sting William's bare fist.

John head butts Williams nose.

William roars and reaches and slides hands to John's neck and leans, chokes.

John wiggles free and scratches William's face and rolls to feet.

William grabs foot and pulls

John falls and kicks Willaims face.

William punchs and claws over John.

Johns bites William's ear then slips around from the ground.

William punch and punches Johns chest and stoach as Johns rolls and flips around nearly as fast as a fash.

John grabbles William from the back, slips arms around arm and shoulders, neck. He squeezes.

William gags and roos and slams John between William and ground.

Sand breaks.

John squueezes william's neck cutting air flow and blood.

William slams elbows into the studs of armor and ribs of John and he balacnes body on top of John of the Goblinkin.

John exhales and squeezes arms around William's neck.

William's head is red and he slams elbows, balances body and begins to slam head into the top of John's head. William reaches back as he reaches for breath.

John pulls and holds arm.

,,RELEASE YOU HOLD,'' says Myst. She steps.

Spear steps before Myst and holds out an arm and grasps.

John says between taut lips and with a few clicks. ,,You. Yeild. William.''

Willam rolls on side and to stomach and pushes to stand on knees as William gags, and face goes near purpl as wide eyes lead William to a stands.

As William stands, John hangs and squeees and bites William's ear.

A word less weeze of a scream squeaks from William.

William leaps and rises and falls backward.

William falls on John. John hits the ground.

John's body exhales and mouth opens releasing William's ear.

A pop breaks from under William.

John clicks and click that nearly snaps and breaks William's hear and willl tires to breath. He tires to grab John.

John hold neck.

,,Yield, William,'' says Spear. He steps.

Shadow soldiers step by Spear.

John squeezes and looks at Spear. ,,YOU. GET. IN. CAGE.''

Spear looks at William.

William eye flutter and hand begins to fall.

Spear steps into to a cages. ,,In cage.''

,,YOU. ALL,'' says John as John clenches and holds.

Myst and Minst step quick between the gasps and quivers of William.

,,RELEASE,'' says Spear.

Minst shout with voice cracking and breaking dry. ,,KIRRA IN A CAGE. OR WILLIAM DIE!''

Minst shouts shouts over the desert to Kirra.

KIrra stands and hears and steps into a cage.

Shadow soliders steps from short shadows of sun and close cages.

John rolls William and rolls away from William coughing and holding side.

William breathes and coughs and spits and lays limp over sand.

The sun beats above. The rays shine on William's eyes. 

The shadow of John castes over William. Sweeat froms from bodies. One drops drips from John's nose to Williams forehead.

william breathes.

Myst sees to mind and speaks ot Reighn, >Please be seen with William and help him be of I sing for Reighn.< It is a thought that is seen by William and heard by Minst as Myst begins to hum.

The hymn of Myst of Rieghn sooths the pulsing pain through William with a song through William's mind then body. The string of violines play through the burning chest, the brused chest and throbing head. Head beads with the base.

The pack stares at John.

John say, ,,You in the cage.''

William breathes and stares with John. He glances at Myst, Guile in a cages then at Spear in another cage. 

Shadow soldiers shift between the shadows around the cages.

William ehales and rolls to chest, lifts with arms and crawls to a cage door, crawls through cage doors.

John steps behins and shuts the door on William's cage. He wheezes and pulls a key from pocket and locks the cage of William. He peers at Willaim and steps, picks daggers and walks toward the Set between cages and Shadow Soldiers. As John steps from the pack's sight, the shadow soldiers step into the short shadows and fade from sight. 

The shadows castes form chages as the pack sit lays and stands.

Myst's song of Reigh sings through Myst. William lays and begins to hum after staring at John too long.

HOt sun shines and no wind blows. 

Kirra feels the stagnate wind and sun as she sits in cages. She stands and walks from the cage and over the sand.

Shouts and clang of armor ring around the area. 

Silhouettes and distand being hit and clahs to groups. 

Shout, commands and clicks clacks lead Kirra's path to the pack.

The pack lays and stays in cages.

William says as he sees Kirra approach. ,,Only my cage is locked.'' He rolls on back. ''Run from this place now while we are left alive.''

,,All pack goes,'' says Spear. ''Or no pack goes.''

Minst looks up from his spell book at Spear then at the spell book and reads. 

Myst says from a soft hum. ,,Reighn will not leave you.''

,,I would leave me,'' says William as he rolls to stare away from the pack with back to Spear, Myst and Minst.

As the sinks to Set, Kirra returns and Spear, Myst and Minst sit in cages.

The shilouettes and beings runs, fight and shout. A running being runs near the cages, but is tackled by a half-giant with an eye patch. The gleam of a white amrored elf shines as the sun begins to set.

The sun sets and shines orange rays and castes long shadows.

A long shadow castes from the Set. 

The pack stays in cages and about.

Kirra remains out and throws rods into the sand and at rock. She tosses rocks and practices winging and stabbing with the sharpened rods.

Minst read, clicks shields, small puff flame, a sound that pops a big hole in the sands while click and clacking and snapping along iwth the columns and lines of words.

The clicks clack and fall in song with Myst.

Myst sings with thorat and vibrates cool warm from her being. The song she sing is heard, but only William hears and hums along as the sun castes long the shadows.

William lays and stares at the shadow soldiers appear and disappear.

Shadow soldiers appear around the pack.

A silhouette walks from the rise and appears as Senate Sing.

Senator walk in stide long and even. A red robe hanges from sentar Sings and hides black boot and black cloves. A coils of black wraps tight around his square head. He deep dark eyes caste in shadows feel to absorb the sight and attention of the pack.

The pack stares at Senator Sing until Senator Sing stands before the pack.

The pack looks at Sentor sing, and one by one the Shadow Soldiers disaapear into shadows. Kirra throws two sharp rods into the sand at the feet of Senator Sing.

Senator Sing smiles. Senator Sings voice sooths and calms with deep bass bartone. ,,AS the sun rise tomorrow, you will rise for your trial.''

The pack remaims. Minst stops his clicking. Myst slows and silence her throat vibration. Spear no longer sees a growing tree and heart beats again. Kirra steps toward
 Senator Sing.

Senator Sing looks at Kirra and smiles. ,,You will be wise to save your weapon for the freedom-''

Spear says, ,,Quiet.'' Spear stands. ''Your words are empty.''

Senator Sings chuckles deep. 

Minst looks from spell book. ,,What freedom? What is this trial? Do you know...''

Senator Sing raises a hand and Minst stops talking. ,,Your freedom will be won by a race and a battle or you will die on the desert.'' 
,,Why should we fight for you?'' says William.

Senator Sing stand full height a head above William. ,,Your freedom.''

William says, ,,Freedom. ...If I cann't beat that small shit John of the Goblins then how can I fight gladiators.''

,,William,'' says Senator Sing. ''Johivodeglickin has seen more battles then you have fights. Johivodeglickin has fought more fights then maybe you've seen suns.'' He smiles a smiles that feels to sooth and warm with the deep calm talk. Senator Sings lets the smile talk away. ''There is a reason why the dark warriors will be lead by Johivodeglickin.''

,,Why do you keep us?'' says Minst.

Senator Sing points to self. ,,I keep you because you could make me more money. And not to mention the friends and  rulers who can vote me in and out of office if my song is unfriendly. So you can lose to a friend.''

,,Not puppets,'' says Spear.

,,Yes,'' says Senator Sing. ''You are puppets.''

,,I'm guilty,'' says William. ''I have not innocense and will not fight for you.'' William stands and steps to cage. William points to self. ''I,'' he points at Senator Sing. ''Challange you to a duel for my trial.''

Sentor sings looks at William the humms a deep hum that sooths and tension through William's body. ,,No. But you will have you chance to die at the hand of the shadow soldiers.''

,,What are they?'' says Minst. ''Creatures of the planes.''

,,No,'' says Senator Sing. ''The Dark Warriors are the elite of my army. They are wizard warriors I keep near.''

Minst says, ,,And what were the soldiers in the swamp.'' 

,,Those.'' Senator Ring pivots head side to side. ''Those are the mercenaries in SWAMPTOWN.'' Senator Ring looks at William. Then glances Minst. ''It is where you first met Johnivodeglickin. The warriors are meceneries of Senator Klij. We hired them to help remove the trolls from my root fields and away from the dams.''

,,Your fields,'' says Senator.

,,Spoils of war,'' says the Senator Sing. A smile and a wink. ''There's money to be made from war.''

,,Why us if you have so much?'' says Minst. ''Why? And what am I to fight in the pits?''

Senator Sing steps to Minst's cage. ,,You will be fight to be a Shadow Soldiers.''

,,Why?'' says Minst as Myst begins to hum through thoat and tongue deep like Sentor's Sings talk.

Senator Sing says, ,,For your freedom.''

,,Freedom,'' says William. He toses some sand at Spear Sing. ''There's you freedom dust.''

,,William,'' says Senator Ring. ''Willliam Westmore. You are a warrrior William that has survived the journy through Ocean Center Canyon. You fought HOBGOBLINSNAMEFOUGHTIN and the guantlet you know wear. I knew HOBGOBLINSNAMEFOUGHTIN. I voted for HOBGOBLINSNAMEFOUGHTIN to lead the goblins warriors through what you call Westmore Canoyon.'' Senator Rind look from Willia to all and steps back. ''You all have travelled and fought like warriors. You have fought your way through the front line. YOu have survived the branching, the dwarven caverns.'' Senator Sings smiles and looks at the pack.

And the pack looks back.

Senator Sing says, ''And if you are not warrriors then you will die tomorrow or in the pit and cages.'' 

,,What freedom?'' says Spear.

Myst hums with throat deep hits of bass and says fast. ,,Will we be free to leave the desert and return home?''

The Sentor grabs part of his red open and opens it to expose white cotton shirt and pants hanging from a slight stomach bump and thick thights. A dark broard chest thick and big like Spear's glinens with sweat. ,,You will be free to sing the song of Rieghn here, home or across the desert to civilizations.'' Sentor Ring steps near Myst and peers down at her. ''You can spread your lore where you please.''

Myst feels a warm flow over her body and the sound of song rise to peak.

,,You lie,'' says Kirra. 

,,Everyone lies,'' says Senator Sing. ''And if I lie to you know then you will discover the lie only after you have lived past tomorrow.''

Spear stands height and steps before Sentor Sing. ,,And if we want to break you.''

Sentor Sing laughs low and deep and slow and says, ,,You will not be the first to try.'' Senator Sing lets laugh settle. ''If you succeed then famous you will be, but not free. This is not Waterdown. We don't believe in assissins. You will be hunted down as you have been branded. You will be killed if not enslaved in the pits below Tyranium.'' Senator Sing leans to William. ''You don't want to be in the pits of tyranium.''

Myst feels a warm vibration through body and as mind castes a frozen feeling of the pits of Tyranium.

,,Tyranium,'' says Minst. ''Where is Tyranium?''

Senator Sing's voice boom. ,,To the Rise and Wane of you across the desert land and toward the kingdoms to the Rise.'' Senator Sing looks at Minst. ''Civilizations. Not the wild lands of Waterdown and Westmore Canyon,'' says Sentor Sing with smile.

,,What of my family and the lies you speak of what I know to be true to be false,'' says William and he steps to stand closer to Senator Ring.

Senatro Sing looks over shoulders. ,,Your family was nothing but a small share owner in a coop that operated out of one of the many warehouses of Lyno.'' Senator Sing says, ,,You family found the armor pieces with a black dragon, the same dragon that has killed more than a few of my warrriors in THESWAMP LAND.''

Myst feels warmths through song of Rieghn signing what is felt from the tone of Sentaor sing.

Minst says, ,,And how do you know this truth when the stories of Carlos the Barded Dwarf...'' Minst stares at Senator Sing.

Sentor Sing nods and ,,Hummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....''

William hold up hand covered with sheet. ,,And what of the glove.''

Senator Sing says, ,,The glove is a mystery I admit and part reason why you live.''

Myst's vibrations warm to a burn.

Minst says, ,,What of our armor, spell books, weapons, packs, boots.''

William points, ,,YOu will give me the armor if I win the trial.''

Senator Sing steps back and nods. ,,You will get your pieces of the armor if you survive the pits and pay for the damage you have caused in Goblins Port. After you will be free to return to you small farm town and tell of the adventures to lands of wanders. You will amaze all the farmers and drunks at the corner pub.''

Myst feels cold vibrations hum from throat then the cold vibrations become warm and soothing.

Senator Sing inhales then Exhales. ,,Beside,'' Senator Sing looks at the pack. ''If you die tomorrow, then there will be no gladiators to fight. There will be no freedom to be hand. And I will lose money, but I won't lose any more.''

Myst feels hot, hot and cold and warm vibrations through her body.

,,This is al about your money,'' says William.

Senator sing nods. ,,Yes.'' He leans toward William. ''You can make me rich with that hand of yours. And if you die tomorrow then the glove will be mine.''

Myst feels cold vibrations sing through her.

,,Why do you want the glove,'' says Minst. Minst touches his stomach.

Senator Sing says, ,,Why do you ask so many questions?''

,,Because you give little information,'' says Minst.

Sentor Sing humms a deep bass and steps.

The deep bass feels to massage Minst's muscles of hand and neck as Minst thinks to caste a shield with a snap.

Minst snaps fingers and tongue, but the jaw falls and tingles like tiny dagger poke at it as the deep bass sooths.

Minsts stands and thinks and snaps.

A small flash appears before Senator Sing who steps and hits an inviible force.

Minst step back and stumbles and rubs jaw.

The deep bass and smooth blow blows like the warm desert wind that feels to gust.

The calm becomes a warm breeze.

The shoulders of the pack slack and fall to ease.

Myst's vibrating throat and humming lips calm and relax, silence and keep. Myst's Song of Reighn sooths.

Spear says with rough voice giving course disonance to Senator Sing's sooths consonance. ,,If here to help fight. Help fight. Else be off with you.'' Spear grips rods in hands and slides toes under rock.

Spear feels three shadow warriors standing in the dusk light and dark shadows of the setting sun. 

Along the shine of the setting sun an axle squeakes and rolls. The sun castes silhouettes of workers and beings in white cloths pulling a cart. 

The cart pulls and rolls from the sun shine.

The sun shines and part blinds, but Spear sees a ll has his feel spans around Senator Sing.

Senator Sing says, ,,John willl speak you of you rights tomorrow morning. Let it be known it is more a strength of body than it is a stenght of mind.''

,,Do you know Carlos the Barded Dwarf?'' says Minst.

The squeak of wheels roll.

Sentor Sings says, ,,You should use your goblin tongue if you are to learn to caste the spells. ...And now, you will drink now and before the trial.

,,You are a liar,'' says Spear.

Senator Sing says, ,,You are many things. I am many things.'' And Senator Sing steps and walks away saying. ,,The trial begins at sun rise.'' Senator Sing says louds walking with the wind toward the set. ''SLEEP DEEP. DON'T LET THE NIGHT MONSTER CREEP.''

,,Night Monsters?'' says Minst.

,,The creatures,'' says Kirra stepping to cells. ''The dark creatures of night.''

William rattles door. ,,Those creatures are from the planes of hell and bring only death.''

The wagon wheel rolls between cages and stops by creatures and cages a far stone's throw from the pack.

William says while glancing at the cart and swaillowing the dry spit in mouth to talk. ,,If we leave me for the bate for these dark beings then we can find freedom for all.''

Kirra steps from cage. ,,I run camp.''

,,We needs sleep,'' says Minst. ''We need to remain awake and awake.'' He looks at the cart.

The cart remains still as cubs are filled and people talk.

Minst says. ,,I could come to pass that last night is not the only night the dark beasts will not attack.'' He taps on spine of goblins spell book. ''I can lock a door with a sound. I can make a sound key. We can sleep inside the cages.''

,,How many doors can you lock?'' says William. ''Or unlock.''

,,Many, a few.'' Minst looks at William. ''I don't know. I havene't the understanding of duration of the goblins spells. The sounds and the emphasis is beyond my understanding of hte language.''

Myst says with sooth song like words. ,,Sing the poetry of sounds and you will find all is timeless..''

Minst looks at Myst, and William looks at Myst.

William says. ,,And what do we do with Myst and her sight for can we battle needing to help one see.''

Myst smiles. ,,I see the shadow warrriors standing from your sight, so I feel Reighn will let me see with sound as the trial begins.''

The cart wheels roll and squeak...

,,Trial,'' says William. ''This is no trial. This is a contest amoung warriors.''

,,Packs,'' says Spear. ''Together we will find our path.''

,,Our path,'' says William. ''Oour paht should be the path of John and the cart. Our path should be to the rise.''

Minst tired to click, looks at the cart as the squeak stops.

The cart workers pour liquid into cups of prisoners not far away. A white armored warriors gleams and shines on the horizon. A few people cheer and laugh.

,,I will be the bate,'' says William. ''He steps toward the center of cell.''

Minst says, ,,How can you be bate if we don't know what those vile black being want to attack or eat.'' Minst stands and peers at William. ''We can do anything, but lock ourselve in a cell and wait.''

,,You lock, wait,'' says Kirra. Kirra stand between cages and looks to the Rise.

,,We need sleep,'' says Minst. ''Nobody seems concerned about the fact we are going to have a trial tomorrow that prorbably has nothing to do with facts or truth, which is good for us.'' Minst shakes head and shrugs. ''It's not a good thought or sign that it is good that we don't want to have a legitimate trial. If we were in the Rose Quarter and on trial from the Rose Warriors and Wizards then ti would be a problem, but really maybe that means the trial is that bad that bad that no matter how many we killed or how many were injured and property destroyed.''

,,Mimst,'' says Spear.

Minst talks. ,,There is no knowing what will be tomorrow, and I believe that a good night's sleep will help us face the trial tomorrow to survive...''

,,Minst,'' says Spear.

Minst looks at Spear. ,,...And I know that it's...'' Minst looks at Spear.

Spear says inhale deep and exhale calm.

Minst inhales...

William says, ,,Minst, you need to remain calm if you are ever to become a Shadow Soldiers.'' Wiliam smiles, winks to Minst. ''Our trial tomorrow is of concern, and beyond our control. And I agree with you.'' William lets stares see to Spear, Myst and Kirra and Minst. ,,With the spell of Minst, it is my belief that we lock cells and sleep tonight.''

,,No hiding,'' says Kirra.

William smiles and nods. 

,,I am not hiding,'' says Minst.

,,We are surviving,'' says Myst. ''And for those beasts that come during the night then let the cage be locked and my dream song sooth.''

Spear looks at Kirra.

The cart wheels stop by other cates.

Minst looks at cart and smacks dry lips and tonuge. He tries to click to make a shield but the mouth don't ehco the snap to the pitch. ,,I need one to talk with,'' says Minst.

William looks at Minst. ,,If you get good then you will become a shadow warrior.''

,,Dark Warrior,''s ays Minst. ''That is what Senator Sing called these beings that can't be seen though they surround.''

William looks at Minst and thenglances a t Kirra. ,,I prefer shadow soldiers.''

,,I be a shadow soldiers,'' smiles Spear.

The cart wheels roll and squeak toward the pack.

The pack stares...

The cart wheels roll and shake the cart. The cart rolls toward the pack. 

,,We need a plan,'' says William. ''We need to be ready for the sun to act and react to the trial as all.''

,,We remain pack,'' says Spear.

Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

Minst says, ,,where do we go\?''

William stare at the Set. 

The sun rayss caste dim light over the desert flat. The near night sky is dim and cloudless. 

A warm breeze blows calm.

William says, ,,We will join together and travel to the rise and find where the wagon goes beneath the surface. We follow the wagon trails to the ground that moves down. We camp and fight and disregared the trial. WE try to enter the underground structure.''

,,What if the shadow soldiers stop us from reaching the lift down?'' says Minst. ''And what if it goes down. Then what will we do once inside.'' Minst looks at William.

Before William can talk, Spear says, ,,Fight.'' Spear steps into cage and grabs cup.

The wheels of cart roll and squeak. 

Minst stares at the cart. ,,Fight. Why all the fights?'' Minst looks from the cart to William. ''It's always a fight.''

Spear says loud, ,,YES,'' he begins to pickup and find palm-size rock. The find to pick another rock. ''We ready weapns and for run.

,,Why do we remain here if we can leave now,'' says Minst. ''If I can unlock William's door then we can-''

William says while William talks. ,,When did you find the spell to lock and unlock a door?''

Minst looks at William. ,,I...I haven't. I read of it during the sun.''

,,HA,'' says Spear. ''You not caste.'' Spear rattles door. ''Lock this one.''

Kirra tosses a rock to ground and finds another rock that is flat like a disk. ,,Get weapons.''

Minst steps in cages and clicks and dull flat thunk with tongue. ,,I need liquid. I need to drink.''  He looks at the cart.

The cart and workers stroll along to the pack and the cages.

The pack grabs their glasses and hold them bettween the bars. Minst grabs Guile's cup and holds it before.

The cart squeaks past. The cups are filled. The vacant eyes of the workers stare at the ground and their feet as they walk on.

The pack drinks the liquid and swallows. The breeze cools with the drink flowing through bodies. They drink and lick and suck the thick nectar from cups.

Minst clicks lips and snaps fingers.

The lock of cage locks.

Minst shakes the cage door. ,,Is it locked?'' He shakes the door. He smiles and looks at William. ''It is locked.''

Spear burps. ,,Can you unlock?''

Minst saps and clicks and the lock slides. The muscle in fingers feel a ping of pain. Minst pushes on door.

Door swings wide and past Spear.

,,I can do it again,'' says Minst.

,,Wait,'' says William. ''Myst.''

Myst stands and stretchs. ,,William, you need not tell me that I should be locked in a cage.''

Myst steps by William.William stares at her scarred face with skin like metled candle.

,,I'm not blind, William.'' says Myst. She speaks soft. ''I can see you with sound.''

William stares at Myst and steps back. He puts his cup to the sand and stands in the middle of his cage. 

Myst steps between cages and sits. 

William says, ,,Minst, can you powers unlock my door.''

Minst swalows spit and snaps and clicks, but feels no echo of the lock. Minst snaps and clicks and feels no echo of the lock. Minst says, ,,I feel no echo of the lock.''

William rattles cages. 

Spear chuckles. ,,Worry not. I will protect.'' Spear stands and smiles before William.

,,I will distract the dark beasts from those unprotected,'' says William.

Myst says, ,,I see Reighn will sing us safe as long as we believe.''

William rattles the cage door. 

Minst sits in the center of the spell book and snaps quiet and begins to read the foreward of the spell book clicking and clacking.

The clicking and clacking snaps and clacks to silence the snores before the sun light fades from sky.

Minst slumps over in cage and snores.Myst sleeps and snores between the cages near Spear.

Spear sits 

Through the night, Myst's snore sucks and blows the only wind. Loud and long, it sends a beacon of sound through the night. To Minst it is a song that lulls his mind to release the algorytms of sound and action to worlds withouth rules. Spear sees the tree in mind branch and grow within as he feels a rush of energy flow from the sands. To William, the sound sooths, but doesn't calm as he peers thorugh the night waiting for the dark beasts until he sleeps and slumpers and snores with Myst.

Kirra steps from the snores a few steps then feels to sit, stare to the Rise and sleep.

Sleeps in the sands and wakes as the sun.The Rise shinew with sun and wakes Kirra.

John of the Goblinkin says loud as shadows soldiers appear around the cages. ,,YOU READY FOR TRIAL!''

John of the Goblinking stomps puffs of sand between the cages toward the pack as Shadow Soldiers appear. Johns steps to the light as his shadow caste, and from shadow caste two shadow soldiers steps like dark beings. ,,YOU STAND.''

Myst snores nearly as loud and John's shout.

A shadow Soldiers appears by Spear and Myst.

Spear sleeps as a tree in mind. Spear's body feels through the ground as the Shadow Soldiers steps through the shadows and around the back. He grabs two rods and lays and breathes like sleep as he feels the Shadow Soldiers.

Kirra hear the Shadow Soldiers step before she see them before see opens her eye to the light.

The sun light shines over the desert.

The sound of John's steps stomp for evey Minst to hear.

The Shadow Soldiers stand by William, Kirra, Spear, Minst, Myst. Minst and William stands in cage.

John kicks bars of cages around the pack. ,,WAKE!'' Dongs and gongs of vibrating bars shake William to wake.

All wake. They squint and look at John. Myst hums and swallows sound.

,,YOU HAVE TRIAL DURING THE SUN!'' John says loud. ''YOU HAVE JUDGEMENT DURING NIGHT.''

Myst yawns. 

''NOW WE WILL BEGIN THE TRIAL.''

William, Minst, Spear yawn. Kirra breathes deeps and grips rods. 

''NOW YOU WILL DRINK ONE LAST TIME OR BEGIN YOU TRIAL!'' John stands. He looks around and steps. He inhales to speak.

William says, ,,We can hear you.''

John shouts. ,,YOU CAN WAIT FOR MORNING FOOD OR YOU CAN BEGIN NOW TO FIND THE PATH THAT LEADS TO THE CITY AN YOUR NEW HOME.'' John pauses and looks from William through the pack to all as he shouts. ''YOU ARE TO TAKE THIS KEY.'' John holds a rod as big as a finger and clear as glass. ''AND PUT THIS KEY INTO THE LOCK TO FIND YOUR WAY AND GIVE JUDGEMENT TO YOU. YOU ARE UNLIKELY TO LIVE BEYOND THE TRIAL FOR YOU ARE NOT THE ONLY TO BE FOUND GUILTY AND NEED OF TRIAL. YOU WILL BE ON TRIAL WITH OTHER WARRIORS FIGHT FOR FREEDOM. YOU HAVE THIS KEY. THEY HAVE THIS KEY. IT WILL LEAD YOU TO YOUR FREEDOM.'' John drops the key.

The key twinkles in the dawn light then falls through shadows to the ground.

John of the Goblinking shouts. ''WHEN THE HORN BLOWS. THE TRIAL BEGINS.''

Minst stretches, grabs spell book and stands brushing sand whlie saying. ,,Will you unlock the cages for the ady?''

John of the Goblin walks toward the Rise. 

The shadow warriors steps to sahdows and vanish from sight, but their song of steps, breathes and heart beats of the soldiers.

The shadows span with the rays of light. The rays of light shine at the top of the glass like rod sticking from the sand.

Minst says, ,,Will you unlock the doors?'' He shakes on door.

,,Minst,'' says William. ''Open the doors. Myst, can your see the crystal. The glass rod. Is it magic? Is it special? Is there something to help us.'' William shakes door. He shouts. ''BE YOUR HEAD THE DOOR FOR THE GLASS ROD.''

Spear lays on back and rolls to side feeling a slight pinch of pain through the ribs. He squints and stands with two rods in hands. He swats at rod. ,,Magic.''

Myst hums and touches the roshakes door. He shouts. ''BE YOUR HEAD THE DOOR FOR THE GLASS ROD. AND RUN.''

