Spear is pulled from Flij and dragged along the glass into the darkness. Fist and feet hit body. A shield slams head. Clack goblin laughter echo around a hollow echo. 

A shield hits Spears head.

Spear roars and flexes body and squeeezes. The five guards holding Spear stutter step. One falls. Another two grab Spear.

Spear twists. Muscles jerk and spasm. His jaw shifts and extensnes. His joints shifts and muscles pull.

Soldiers shift and pull and grasp Spear's shifting body as they carry Spear in net through hall.

Gray shades spread around Spear. Sweat and rot breath fume over Spear. Clicks and clack and distant whispers are hear by Spear.

spear's ears shift with skin as whiskers grow from base of nose. Base of nose is on snout.

The soldiers click and clack like they are slapping the sound against Spear's ears. Two soldiers drop Spear shoulder and arm.

Spear's shoulders and arm shift and extens. Fingers stretch in muscles as muscles wrap tight for join. Finger bone and nails stretch as skin pulls around muscles creating a claw.

Spear squeaks a roar. Spear twists and breaks free from the soldiers, swipes net with claw.

Claw rips and Spear puls and twists and swipes.

The six other guards drop Spear and scatter.

John of the Goblinkin steps twoard Spear. ,,YOU WERE.'' John smmiles and licks lips. He pulls Heart Dagger and Jewelled Dagger from sheaths. ''You listen. You follow. You live.''

Spear lays on the ground feeling muscles pull and flex, bones and joints pop and pull. Skin slips and wraps around body. Pain spreads. Heart beats the pain away.

John steps near Spear. ''YOU HEAR. JOHN OF THE GOBLINKIN.''

Spear lays and breathes, pants. Mouth hangs open and tonue sort of hangs. He looks at body.

His big body and stretches and hunches with neck in shoulders and jaw like snout. Nose stretche and shifted like the beady rat nose. he sniffs and smells the blood on floor, the sweat, the shit, the piss fumes spread from stainds and mark. He smells each stencht from the soldiers and from John. John's stench fumes of flower oil bloom and sage with sweat fruming fat and meat.

Spear lays with short whiskers poking around nose. Whisps of hair laay over body. 

The white sheet and the ned lay in shards and strans around Spear.

Spear lays and breathes. The soldiers stare.

John says, ,,You are a beast.'' He cackle laughs and kneels by Spear's head.

Spear feels the pain through body beat away with heart and blow away with breath and pant. His heart thumps. 

,,You fight beast.'' John steps back and cackle laughs. ''YOU FIGHT BREATS.''

John step and grabs a soldiers and tugs and pushes the soldiers toward Spear.  John click and clacks. 

One of the soldiers runs through the halls. Johan stands with the soldiers as Spear lays and stares earing and smelling and feeling a want to run.

Spear doesn't run. He lays and listens to a soft ring that sends a rush of joy with warm pleasure through body. He feels the tension squeezing through body feeling the step of each soldier standing and staring. He feels the ring ease the tension until only the ring sounds.

Spear calms and stares through the gray shades seeing all around and up.  

Mint fumes. Sages spreads. A hint of smoke blows over Spear's face.

The soldiers that once one returns with Senator Ring and Shadow Soldiers.

,,Spear,'' says Senator Rings. ''Will you walk with me.''

Spear tries to speak, but hears only a squeak. He tries to shrug shoulders but only shakes head, stands and walks with Senator Ring and the Shadow Soldiers.

''You are a beautiful beast, Spear, and it is a beauty to see you have embraced for with your power and natural strength,'' says Senator Ring. ''You can be a hero and ruler among these  boring beings who have nothing special. A BEAST. You will find a beast creates  a crowd that you may never understand.''

As Spear steps, the words come from Senator Ring's mouth and talk with that ring that beautiful ring that leads, talks with Spear and he feels all the soldies, shadow soldiers, an and orc near.

Spear feels the light and the whispers. He feels the stares following up stairs and by a couple of humans. He hears the Seantor talk and talk with the ring singing him forth. 

,,You will fight and win or lose and die,'' Senator ring pulls back a sheet of hid hanging before door. ,,You live here, and food will be served.''

Spear steps into the hide sheet and into the hall beyond the sheet following the ring until it silences to feelings.

Spear sniffs the corners of room. Spear walks around the halls. Spear eats from a pile of food found in the corner until a ring is heard and leads Spear to a dome. Spear walks around the room of black glass. The warm floors hit against Spear's 

Senator Ring sings with the hight pitched bliss. ,,You fight goblin gladiators. The very best. The very best who likes to fight beasts will fight.'' Senator Ring kneels in center of room. ''You could be my army of beasts from these worthless humans and dwarves and halflings.''

John of the Goblinkin cackle laughs.

More words are spoke by Senator Ring and John of the Goblin as Spear walks around the room and steps to a cornor and sleeps.

Swine fat and burning big meat fume. Click clack whispers. A foot steps on glass through the hall.

Three sets of feet step from glass to cloths to glass. Steel scrapes against steel and slams agaisnt tin. Laughter spreads and ends with a snort. 

Shivers spreads with cold. Body shakes and sputters. 

Hard floor spreads. 

Gray spreads from white. White leads to skin door of sheep. Sheep wool spreads over feet. 

White bright becomes gray dim outlines and shades. 

Two shades of soldiers stand and step. They follow and give a feeling of neeldes boking along back. Orc sweat and orgre piss fum from around sheeps wook hanging of hall.

Moaning is eard from another hall. 

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shouts one behind.

Behind the gray shades shift and for to a mell of a goblin sweat like sulfure and strawberries. Hear a a crack in voice and lick of lips. 

Grays shades of soldiers with small shields and short swords step side to side. 

An orc appears from behind lamp sheet and sorts. Orc shit fumes spreads. 

,,YOU SPEAR,'' says a cackling voice. ''YOU FIGHT SOON. YOU BACK NOW.''

Pork fat fumes. Pains spreads from stomach. Drool and slopper drim from mouth. Nose drips. Pork fat fumes blisss fills like a kiss sending shiver through body.

eet and claws pull wool, twine, drag bits of fur. Smell of sweat sent like honey leads to the sheep skin door, sheep wool rug and solid glass.

Glass tinks agains claws. Bits of cotton, wool and twigs fall.

Pork fumes feel heavy and sink and shiver through body. Fat jusices squirtrhoug mauth and savor on tongue.

Hungery pain lifts, spreads. Mind feels to squeeze and qunech. 

Smells, taste, touch eat to the meat and the fat and touch skin. Tongue licks and lick. Tongue lickes nose, mouth ands and metal plate, a silver plate.

A wool sheet is tossed into room. 

Sheet is wool and warm and rubs. 

Darkness and rest and calm. 

Then a ring sings through.

White become bright shades of gray.

,,It is Spear,'' says a voice. A voice that sooths. ''You fight, Spear.''

With the voice, a ring that sounds like the wind soothing through wiskers and ears. 

Through the halls and over furs, skins and glass, down steps of glass and through people.

Fats and meats, sweatas and shits, pisses and breath of smoke float and fum from beings walk. 

Surface talk, clicking and clacking and laughing twitch the senses.

The people part and clap as the spread. the stare and point.

John of the Goblinkin pushes a few people aside. 

A halls streches to a pit like a dome in the ground. 

Bleechers rise from the grounds. People walk and shuffle, stand and cheer. The bleeches spread white. A smoke has rise and hanges. A smoke of mint spreads.

White light and gray shapes fight in the dome. 

Soliders and hugoblins and hogbolisn wearing chain shirst, studded leater and plates of armor stand along the edge.

From the edge, the dome slowly slopes to bottom of pit.

At the bottom of pit, a gigantic dog with two heads bites and scrapes at a hugoblins as bit as William swinging short sword an shield.

The hugoblins hits away claw with shield and cits the dog. The dog bites.

Fumes of sweat and fear fume. Mouth waters. 

Feeling of stares spread thorugh body. 

Two head dog bigs with onemouth and hits hugoblins with other head. One mouth bits off a hand. A head butt slams the face of the hugoblins.

The hugoblins breaks sound with a clack then coughs, stumbles. 

The two head dogo bits and tears the flest of the hugoblins.

Five nets are thrown.

The giagantic two headed dog is pulled from pit.

Heart beats and thumps, and blood pushes and pounds through veins.

A whislle feels to lick along the body slows heart and calm mind.

Heart slows and mouth hangs open letting salive to dribble and drips. ,,You fight now,'' is hear through the chorus of shouts and changes; claps and whispers.

Claws step and slide along the bowl wall to the bowl base.

Crowd quiets.

Clicks and clacks and scapper of tiny claws rush. Goblins sworm over edges. Goblin blood sprays, swallows, drips from mouth. Small cuts dig into fless. 

Goblins hand and arms are cut from body.

Goblins queal and quver.

Blood drips from glows and mouth. Nose smells the sulfer stench and golbins sweat.

Crowds cheer.

Some one shouts. ,,IT IS SPEAR!''

Crowd changs. Blood smears paw brings thorugh halls and over the cold glass. 

Bits of cotton and sting are caughn and dragged with claws. 

Dark and warm surrounds. 

meat, fat and blood fumes hungery pains. 

Meat, fat and blood are ate.

Darknes spread. 

Sleeps sooths through body to mind.

Images of packs or rat devowering a goblins stretches into image of arms and limbs flying through...

A ring spread pain.

Nose smells  and whiskers feel.

,,IT IS SPEAR,'' says a goblins voice slipping a few clicks.

Bright light gray. Blood and fights. 

Claws gather bits of hair, rug and hide and drag to room.

Fat, meat, and bits of tendon are scrapped and shoveled into room.
Fumes and talks. 

Light and darkness shift and shimmer.

,,IT IS SPEAR,'' is heard through the halls.

Goblins, hugoblins, orcs, orgers, bears are thrown into pits with claws and teeth; powerful thick arms and legs pumped with instict and action.

Goblin limbs, orc parts, orger tusks and bear paws break and cut from beasts. 

Blood spreads.

Bits of cotton, wool, straw and fur stick upon the piles and walls of room. 

The cold floor wars with each walk along the halls to battle the beast and the animals.

The crowsds cheer and chant, ,,IT IS SPEAR!''

Spear eats mucsles and bones; tendons and fat. 

Jutted jaw like a snout drips with blood.

The nest of Spear grows.

Spear pulls bits of rug and fur, straw and hair and lays the bits in the corner of his room.

Light and dark shift dim and brighten. 

Light and dark; light and dark; light and dark lighten and darken.

,,It is Spear,'' says a voice with a ring.

The legs and paws claw over rugs and carpets and glass to the pits.

Senator Sing walking and clicking and talking.

''It is Spear,'' is heard with the click and the clacks and whispers behind the back. The back being behind. The wiffs of musk and sweat and rose peddles. Strawberry fumes and squirts of oranges.

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' hollers a shout.

,,It is Spear,'' grunts an orc.

People part and soldiers push back. Stares of hate and feelings of fear speard through body and into muscles. The people part to isle between the bleachers.

Bleechers stomp and vibrate. Fumes and puffs strawberry and tobacoo smoke. Pieces of paper flutter and fall upon wet nose. 

Paper blows with snot and nose through the time light. 

Light shines from the top from a ball of light.

All eyes stare at pit.

Gnomse rack sand. Gnomes pull away two orgers and an orc.

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' is shouted around.

,,IT IS SPEAR,'' snorts and orc.

A few cheers and claps spread through bleeches pushed tight with up right walking creatures.

A rush flows and spreads tingling bliss through body as legs and paws. Claws stretch int sand hiting glass. Jaw extends and neck stretchs. Body tenses.

,,GROOOOOOOLLLLLLLD,'' shouts like a song. 

The crowd cheers and many may say, ,,GRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLD.''

A mass that stands twice as tall as begins hugoblin side step through hall way. A hears the shoulder then hip appear from the dark of the holl.

Hands from beings sitting near on bleachser reach and slap a furry skull on a thick brow that hangs over eyes like a ridge. Long knuckles and hands learn drap abupt the ground as the mass lumbers to the sand bit.

Sand spreads between toes. Muscles tense.

One sings a shout. ,,IT IS GROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!''

Then the big beat raise long arms and roars light a barbain.

People reach and slpa hahnds on the beasts back and legs as it steps with a frist sweaping over ground.

A roard shouts a both.

Body leaps away. Wind of first swing swipes past.  Claw scrapes and grabs and swings to back of fist. Teeth and claw ripe and tear from write to elbow ot arm.

Tensions spread sthorugh body. Legs leap as first slaps long back.

Blody leads onto a chest of chain mail.

Claws scrape and teear bits of chest between leather and chest.

A flat hand slaps body and presses it agains muscles and fat.

The crowd cheers with the deep roar. 

Pain feels to bed the muscles. and bone. Mucles spread and reach and pull. Claws dick and bites.

Blood sprays.

A hand as big as body grabs body and throws body.

Body flies with blood smelling of port fat and brown root.

A large foot kicks head. You fall, hit glas and slide to stand.

,,IT IS SPEAR,'' is shouted by head. Laughters and shouts spread around.

,,GRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLD!'' shouts a group.

Feet scrape and scamper over glass.

A huge fist swings past and slams the ground.

Legs leap, and body leads on hand. On hind legs body stands. Claws of paws scrape over metal bracers and into leather sleeves.

A flat speed mass slams body. 

Fingers wrap around neck and chest. Claws ding in to body, claws and paw grip and ulls fingers apart as mouth bites.

Blood feels mouth as body his sand. 

Legs pump oer sand and claw and leaps between the legs. Mouth bites between croch.

A raor feels the sound. Crowd cheers. 

Pounds of paing pump body. Sand covers nose and head. Eyes stings.

Muscles pull and shift. Stretched bones bend. Body slepss between a fist. Sand covers. Nose smelss rot and sweat and rub aagain round die. 

Arm flex, and body flies from the sand.

The crowd shouts and cheers.

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shouts one then many.

Spear leaos from the sand, bits leg and punches knee with a double punch.

Fist slmas the giant's knee. The giant's Knee buckles. The giant roars and swings fists against the ground pounding with a roar sound. 

Giant falls and moans.

Fists slam by head, claws, paws. Mouth bites through leather starp around neck and rear claws and paw punch and jam into the eyes of under the brow of giant.

Body of Spoear squirms, claws face, ears and head.

Head slams spear int the ground. Leg breaks. Spear screams a squeal near a raor.

The crowd cheers and stop the glass seats. Papers are tossed and laughed.

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shouts one.

Spear claws, punches and bits as big body rolls and moans. Ripes squeeze and muscles bend. Claws break. A rib break. Spear's paws fists against the body until the gaint lay still.

The cheer roars and shouts. ,,IT IS SPEAR,'' is a chant.

A cackle laugh thrusts. ,,IT IS SPEAR.''

Spear feels soldiers in the shadows stepping near. Spear sees a net being raised. Spear rolls and walks with three legs with a forth brok. His massive paw for broke leg lead a blood train. A ring sooths the tension of soldier's near. Spear steps toward the cackle laughter.

The roar of the crowd follows through the dark and to the glass hall.

Spear walks with the pain thorugh the halls  and over carpets until the soldiers and crowds span to a few warriors wallking hall. 

A scent of sweat trail to nest leads Spear to room.

Spear paces around the room and steps into nest of rug, cloth and straw bits piled in cornor. 

Spear licks wounds and licks from a large bowl of water.









,,It is Spear,'' says William.

Myst steps. ,,Is that you, Spear?''



,,You gladiators,'' says John the Goblinkin with a laugh cackle.




