Jan is a tree.

There is nothing for her to see, but the thoughts of the being that run free or fast through the swamp land.

The branches and thick twigs hanging small leaves spread like hands. They hold the darkness and other trees of the grove. 

The grove grows and feels to glow with a lift around the wet dying lands around. The water bowl that doesn't flow for it is at the low point of the swamp marsh.

No buidings grow or are rooted through the trees as the limb flow free to dance and sway with the wind this way and that way. 

She feels a tig break and long dark brown-green leaves snap and blow.

The cold water around bare roots feels the wind flow. 

Mud dries as the swamp land feels to cry of the dead and dying, the change, the death.

Her roots stetch through the mud and around trees feeling the water and warmth through the mud.

Wroms slide and slipe through the mud along her roots. Slugs and snails sliter along her trunk leaving a gew. 

A swamp rat eats a slug and rubs hits face against the bark of Jan to pull fur free while it eats.

Jan is a tree and con not see the swamp rat or slug or the root weed growing from her base.

Jan feels the trees and dying grass. She feels the wheel of the carvan pass and roll along the road from the plants and trees she can feel. 

The last thing she feels as Jan as a tree and the sorrow of Kirra as Kirra leaves. 

The a tree is Jan as it becomes one with the land. 

The wagons roll, and Kirra steps to the Rise away from Jan. 

The soldiers arond the hole kill trees that feel with the trolls and Jan as they die.

The thee tranks are cut and dragged into the hole with the dead entgoblin. Root are chopped and pulls and tossed with the mud and rock building a road for the war machine to roll to the Set.

The Rise begins to shines, and the tree Jan feels the touch of light.

The energy flows through the tree leaves giving lift and wamrth to the cove and the swamp.

The sun rises and gives warmth and food. 

The sun connects Kirra with the tree Jan until there is no feeling from Kirra that does last. 

Then the tree Jan becomes a tree as the  soldiers walk away to the Rise, farmer-warriors walk along the road or die, the pack walks to the rise.

A tree is.


