>I see you, too,< sees Guile to the voice. Then Guile feels his heart begin to pound and beat as fast as a drum roll. Sweat beads on Guile's head as his body warms. As the mind forms a storm in mind spreading a blizzard through body the cools the body and slows the heart's bounds.

As Guile's mind splites, one for thoughts of Shake and one to spread the cold through the thought thought between trees and brush and over the snow and mud into a caravan and a mind of a body heartpumping and thumping. One thoughts for Shake read thoughts of surface talk ramblings, <Horse, camp there. Find at the camp. Be there. What's that. What...> then the cold melts...

Shake thinks the thoughts read by Guile. Then thinks no more as a shout then a whisles. 

Whistles high low play around Shake like a song. The sounds near echo and talk until one my one the whistles whistle silent to the wind having only two whistles chatter. 

The sounds of feet crunching snow, smashing pine and breaking fallen twigs fills the silence left by the blow out whistles.

Shake grabs the reighns of the horse and says between breathes of fast and loud steps throught the trees and brush.

Brush scrapes and breaks over Shake's and the horse's legs.

,,This way. This way. I'll get some food. Good grain. Got a few coins for grain and staple. Treat you nice...Treat nice. ...You see..."

The horse trots at step with Shake's lead from a few more whistles and the bluster and whinney and kicking of horses.

Shake talks to horse as both jog through the trees. ,,I need help...Let me ride...Calm I be...Ride with me... Here. REady. I will...'' Shake grabs and vaults body up and leg over holding mane and reighns with boots gripping in fist.

Guile reads Shake's talk to the horse in thought, and the thought fades as the horse trots and the cold spreading to mental being somewhere along Guile's thought string spun through the forest to the carvan warms.

The heat becomes a whistle that peirced and shatters the frozen body of Guile spreading thought and focue through the forests between the points of telepathic connection.

The thoughts of Shake fade as trees and plants, horses and humans, elves and halfings casting rage, confusion betrayal and nothing at all into Guile's mind. 

Guile's body lays on frozen ground shivering and holding arms and arms with legs wrapped tight then feels to shatter.

Guile's body spreads as arms and legs are through out spreading Guile's body over the ground like Guile is making a snow angle.

Guile's body is lost through Guile's mind, an mind spread over the forest in shatters between the beings thoughts and the force of energy in the trees and brush.

Pieces of Guiles mind and thoughts and feels seep and gather from the spans and life force projected around the forest. 

The forest spans and expands as the dim lights shines from distant horizon illuminates night to dawn.

Through the dawn Shake rides and helps guide the horse with mane through the trees and over brush.

Guile feels the stomp Shake and the horse through the forest and hears and feels the echoes of emotion of the camp waking and people shuffling and throwing items.

Then Guile spreads and settles like a water at the lowers points feeling only the steps of foot and hoove.

The step of Shake and horse press and beat ground pressing hoove from a trot to a gallop past the shiving body laying spread and naked near tree.

Shake sees the shivering body near the tree trunk and looks into the forest talking a smooth talk to the horse. ,,A little further...A few more steps...No much of a run...We will be near...Friend. Our freind Guile needsa ride...A short time...We both won't ride, but a short time. ...Time...Short...Time...Name we need a name...What's the name...''

Shake mumbles then pauses to listen behind and beyond the clomp of gallop hearing nothing but his breath and the horses breath and run.

Dawn light illuminates stripes of dim light over Guile's motionless body laying over the ground spread and open.

The wool sheet laying on the ground near Guile. 

Shake leaps from the horse and lets the boot drop to ground. ,,Guile,'' says Shake. He kneels...Slaps Guile's face. ''GUILE.''

The slap pulls the peices of Guile's mind like a whipe having all feeling snap.

Freezing, frozen, confusions, fear, lost fills mind of Guile and body of Guile connects.

Guile breathes and gags and coughs the snott and mucus dripping on throat. He coughs and curles. 

Shake tosses the wool sheet on Guile.

Guile rolls to side and curles into ball.

The pillow case pack on back is frozen lump.

,,Guile,'' says Shake. He grabs and pulls on Guile's head. 

Guile looks at Shake then coughs to sitting crouch.

Saliva drips from Guile's mouth. ,,We need to...'' He breathes.

,,Go,'' says Shake. Shake stands and puts arms under armpits and lifts. ''Stand.'' He grunts. ''Get on horse.''

Guile stumbles and flops to a stand. 

,,On horse,,'' says Shake.

,,Horse?'' says Guile. His mind circling around their bodies feeling to float and fling round and round like caught in a whirl pool until it drains into body.


Distant whistles pitch and sing through forest.

,,HORSE!'' Grunts and pushes Shake. ''Step.''

Guile pushes back on Shake through girth. ,,No.''

Shake feels the push and steps back from Guile. ,,No,'' he says. ''Fine. Stay. Say hi to those coming to kill you for stealing.'' He looks to the horse grabs mane while holding onto the bootswith a death grip. 

The horse bucks and shuffs hind legs in circles as Shake tries to push and pull the main to control the shifting and help guide  to a calm stance. 

The horse whinneies. 

Another horse through the forest whinnies. 

The horse calms.

Guiles stands and looks into the forest then at the horse.

,,Now.'' Shake leans down and offers hand.

Guile grabs hand and tries to reach and pulls and kick up.

The horse walks hindlegs in circle. 

Guile puts arms over back and puls.

Shake slips off, kneels, lifts Guile's foot then feet and duck backs and Guile swings leg over horse.

The horse blusters and snorts, kicks and clomps.

,,Whao, there my friend...'' Shake bets mane and makes a clicking sound with mouth. He tosses wool sheet over neck and back.
 
Two whistles play and quicks song not far away. 

Shake reaches, throws hands and boots over back of horse and kicks and slides on to the back of the horse. ,,Wrap waist.''

Guile wraps arms Shakes skinny waist. Shake grabs mane and harness. ,,This way. This way. Rest soon.'' He says.        

The horse clomps and turns the steps and gallops through trees toward a whinny and whistle through the trees.

Hooves clomp and trash through brush and snow toward the camp following Shake's soothing talk and gentle easing forward. 

Shake focuses foward looking at the base of tree trunks here and there as Guide  holds tight with closed eyelids trying only to hold on and remain away.

Away from the horse, Shake and Guile, whistles and a few shouts surround and seep and sing through the woods. Back, front, forward and around the sounds surround Shake and Guile.

,,Where?'' says Guile between bounces from horse back.

,,There!'' says Shake. He pulls back on mane and leaps off horse before it stops landing near the shiving and shaking and muffled screaming body of the being bound and tied and laying on ground.

The near naked actor ties to slither from Shake like a snake.

Shake grabs the sword still laying near the tied and bound being and slaps the flat of the blade on the neck then temple.

The body lays still. 

Whistles and whinnies call from the side and from the depths before. Nearly a shout away.

Guile opens eyes to see and focus through the trees.

Light and dark grays of trees and brush shift with a rushing group of horse riders.

A distant gallop clomps to being.

Shake pulls the belt and leather sleever from the motionless being.

A faint breath blows on his hand.

Shake's heart beats and blood rushes as the hooves pound not far from where they stand. He laughs and holds back joy as wraps belt around waist and arond boots then lifts and slides on to the wool sheet and back of horse. 

With a click of mouth and pull of mane, the horse steps and walks the gallops between trees and brush.

Shake ties the leather sleeve around tips of hears and leans down.

Guild wraps arms around Shake and leans head and chesk along back of Shake as the horse skips and kicks  between trees.

Pine needles, leaves, snow and dirt kick behind hooves. 

Shake peer foward and whispers to the horse as it beats hooves through the forest.

Guile looks back seeing four riders appear and disappear behind the tree wall. 

The hooves fall and kick.

They ride, and the horse gallops between trees and brush. 

The dirt, pine and snow becomes pebbles and a treeless scape of rocsk and pebbles from a rock slide spreading.

The slope rises to a sheer rock wall and spread into trees.

Sun beams shine to sky from horizon. A dark blue spreads over the snow topped trees.

The horse kicks, slides and climbs then descends into the forest.

Shake looks back before they enter the forest.

Three horse with three people gallop into the rock clearing. 

The voice of Jaxel shouts. ,,By your death, we will...''

The thrash and clash of brush scraping legs and hands and the horses sides deafens all other sounds. 

The horse kicks free and bucks twice before settlling, kicking and galloping through the trees.

Shake grabs the mane and pulls a path away from the mountian and into the forest.

,,Yield,'' hollers Jaxel.

,,Yield,'' Shake and Guile hear.

Guile hears it as an echo on a dream of he rushing through a forest from the womb of the the moutain pruged by the purity of dwarven blood into the mouth of humans, elves, halfings, tolls, goblins and Shake.

His his body flops around his clasped arms around shake and legs around horse.

The horse kicks through the forest to the bounce and pat of Shake. The horse hears the talk of Shake and feels the calm innocence and trust between the talk in the to ne.

Shake sooths and clicks and talks with the breath of the horse. His body lowering and raising with the gallop. His hand grips belt wrapped around wrist and boots. 

They ride through trees and trees, trees, trees, trees. 

The sky draws a maze of dark blue and gray sky.

Guile follows the maze with bounce and trace the edges of the ride. He looks behind.

And Shake looks back. 

Jaxel and two other ride three horses. 

The horses leap, side and looks to glide over through the forest at one with their riders. 

Jaxel pulls rod from clip on side of belt and blow an end. 

A dart hits the horse's rump. 

The horse kicks an rides.

,,I will call you Kick, my friend,'' says Shake to horses ear. 

The horse's eye ides open wide and eye feels to stare at Shake.

,,Kicker,'' says Shake leanding low.

Kicker snorts.

Shake and Guile feels Kicker's heart pound, pound, pound...

Jaxel and the two riders dance and sprint with horse between the trees, over the brush, by the rocks through the forest.

,,They near, Kicker,'' says Shake. He looks back.

Jaxel slides hand over clip on belt then slides hand along shaft of rod that he then bows upon.

A dart hits Guile.

Guile feels the poke and slaps out the dark.

Rage builds. Heart pounds. Sweat beads on Guiles forehead.

The maze of blue and gray sky traces to an end of Jaxel.

Guile draws mind to Jaxel, the horse and four beings thinking.

Guile traces thought and pounds through heart into the mind of Jaxel's horse.

Sweat stings Guile's eyes, and he wipes forehead and beads.

Warm chills shiver through body then mind.

The shiver push the trace thought into mind of horse.

Guiles sees a tree to the mind of the horse.

The horse kicks legs into dirt digging hoover and slicking through snow and over frozen mud. 

Jaxel holds on reigns, shouts. ,,LITLA.''

The two horses by Jaxel gallop close and close as Kicker's heart beats faster and faster.

Shake sees the nostrils of Kicker flare. He feels the strian seen through Kicker's wide open eyes starring. He feels Kicker's heart then feels the drip of sweat from Guile.

Guile's heart pounds in chest beating away the trace focus. Heart pounds blood and burns the veins. His arms squeeze Shake, and legs squeeze Kicker.

Kicker whinneys and blusters.

Snots sprays from Kickers' nose and spray's Shake's face as Shake feels the squeeze and nudges Guile.

Guile feels to fall and tip to the ground rushing blow as a blue of brown and white.

,,JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLINNNNNNN,'' spats Guile gripping thights tighter around Kicker.

Shake looks behind, says, ,,LOOSEN ARM,'' then sees the threes horses.

The three horse gallup and kick closer and closer. 

Kicker whinneys and jumps.

Shake watch and feels the jump into air and the fly of Kicker over fallen tree and on to trail road.

Hooves hit. Guile hits Shake's back, and Shake hits Guile's head.

Heads smack.

Kicker kicks and pounds grond to a stop. 

Guile and Shake shift and slide on Kicker's back. They glance to a stare into the forest.

Jaxel gallops and moves with horse from behind the two other riders and horses. His eyes peer and Guile and Shake.

Shake makes a clicking songs. Touch heel to stomach for a nudge with the shout. ,,GO, KICKER.''

Kicker steps, then gallops and steaks down road.

,,They'll catch us,'' says Shake to Kicker. ''Take Guile deep into the forest.

Shake begins to flows and sway with Kicker's head and body. ''Turn,'' whisper's Shake as he pulls on mane and reighns.

Kicker gallops into the forest with a hop and bounce then a kick.

Shake glances back.

Jaxel and riders are hidden from view. 

Shake stares and says, ,,HOLD. I WILL AMBUSH.''

Shake grips belt and boot and glances before, sees open and snow back, jumps with legs leading to snow.

Snow files and scrapes Shakes face. Snow slides and kicks under hooves as Kicker kicks away. 
 
Shake crawls across snow to behind tree trunk. He leans back on tree trunk and breathes deep and exhales slow calming break.

Hooves beat and stomp along road then thrash and grass through brush and leave between trees.

Shake looks  around trunk. 

One of the two other horse and rose riders gallups near Shake.

Shake pushes pine and leaves and snow from mud to find rocks. 

The hooves beat near.

Shake's fingers dig and pick rocks free. Rocks in hand, Shake climbs tree.

Guile looks back to watch Shake climb the tree.

One, two, three riders appear then disappear in the tree weave threading their way to Guile's mental string flapping in the wind feeling the cold and shiver. 

The heart pound feels to push out of body and breathe with the trees and plants.

The gallop of Kicker feels to slow with Shake's climb, the other horses' gallops, the blow of leaves while Guile sees his hand move fast to grabs the slow pump.

Thoughts pulls from Guile's head like a string from ball of string with a single  focus of rage and causing pain to those behind. 

Guile loosens' grip from Kicker's neck feeling the balance in the slow world about. His thights grab and do not cursh Kicker's side.

Kicker feels the relief of pain in sides and quickens stride with heath pace nearly matching the race of Guile's heart.

Kicker snorts and kicks and glances back with Guile to Shake.

Shake climbs feeling the pain in shoulder stab has he graps and scraps and kicks up the tree to see the riders near. 

He holds branch and rock.

The boot dangle from belt around waist.

A horse nears. 

Shake peers.

He sees the flow red hair on pale oval face ride through the wind. ,,Cursed.'' He throws rocke one, two, threes cocking each from fingers to palm to hand to air like a wand.

The rocks flies through branch hitting the head of the horse ridding and guided by the red haired entertainer. The rocks hit between the eyes.

The horse kicks and rears up on hid legs. 

Shake leaps from tree, stumbles on ground and runs to the falling red haired enterntainer. 

The two other horses pulls back on horse manes guiding the to stop. 

Jaxel points to Guile. Then pulls his horse around and gallops toward Shake raising rod to mouth and blowing at Shake.

A dart flies and sticks into Shake.

Shake feels the sting, but looses no step over mud. He runs and steps by the lifted and kicking hooves of the horse.

The red hair enterntainer lifts and sits and pushes and steps to a stand. 

Shake scoops snow with run and toses snow at the face with the red hair on top.

She covers face.

Shake kicks her face and hands, lands on top of her. His hands fumble around waist and legs grabbing knife handle.

Spike of pain spreads through his body causing hand around knife handle to open.

The knife falls. 

A first hits once, twice, three times on Shake's face. 

Shake sees through the water of eyes to view a blurry Jaxel galloping down upon him and Guile riding Kicker without hands looking at Shake.

Guile feels the slow world as he speed. His mind hones and sees the rider guiding horse toward him.

He winds his stinged though to ball and tosss the though ball at the mind of the horse galloping toward him.

The ball of though flies unseen by all but he.

The though ball flies through teh horse and rider allowing a shout of thoughts echo to Guile.

Guile thinks of three minds and creates chaing of reacting conversations that being to talk along the string of thought to the ball winding around the rider of the horse galloping along.

The ball builds and the talk travels and shouts in the being mind until Kicker stops.

Kicker stops, and Guile does not.

Guile flies from Kicker hitting with a thud, but holding on to the thought string to the mind  of the rider. 

Shake doesn't see Guile fall nor the horse stop. He only feels the thump and bump of heart pounding from chest and blood rushing veins.

A glow feels to emit from Shake as Shake sees the world slow and fall into a dance and step guided by his will.

Shake feels the rush of Speed.

Shake laughs as he swipes dagger from the ground before the red head entertainer grabs it then rolls on back and ground and puts knife to her throat before Jaxel's horsecan land its hooves on Shake's head. ,,YIELD!'' hollers Shake. His hand shakes.

Shake's world feels to breath as the trees and brushes push away and pull toward.

He smiles.

Jaxel slides a dark from hip and into blow gun.

,,Breathe and she dies,'' says Shake. 

The blade shakes presses into her neck.

Shake glance at Guile.

Guile feels the world sway. 

The pine needles before face cover the mud. The wind and life feels to rushing around the layers of the pine needles and in to the ground. 

Guile's heart pounds with the weave of life pulling all as one thought and one being controlled by Guile.

Guile hears the thought of the being with thought string strained and tied to Guile's mind. He feels the thoughts through the actions of Jaxel. 

Guile in a flash stands and runs from the path of the galloping horse while thinking a thought of pain from a pain pumping in Guile's ankle through the thought strain. 

The thought strand travels a thought of pain pulsing in Guile's ankle to the being riding horse.

Guile's two other minds find a focus. One sends another shout to the one riding to him. One watches Jaxel and Shake stand still and stare while Shake holds knife to neck.

Shake stares and Jaxel. He feels the red hair woman being to slide a knife from hip. The knife is pressed against her throat, whispers to her ear. ,,I'll cut your head off.''

She holds still.

,,Be careful of this one, Lim.'' says Jaxel as he dismounts with amrs to side and palms open. ''This one.'' He grins. ''This one here has a taste of the Speed.'' 

,,I don't want none of that.'' says Shake. ''No leave.''

Jaxel stands still with arms to side. ,,I can't leave with Lim in the grasp of a killer.'' He places hand on chest. ''What would that make me?''

,,Alive'' says Shake. 

Lim relaxed and lays on ground with shoulders and head wrapped by Shake squatting on ground. ,,Kill me like you killed Oldin.''

,,Oldin,'' says Shake. He presses the knife into her throat will peering and saying loud. ''OLDIN.''

,,Our friend you killed and left naked and dead in the forest,'' says axel with a grin. ''Can you subdue the other's mind?'' says Jaxel.

,,If not I then Wind,'' says the one slowing horse to a stop near Guile.

Guile hears the wind talking, the leaves speaking, the cruch of snow coughing, the horse blowing big puffs of white. 

His heart pounds, and thoughts loosen and flow from moutains, to wool, to surface talk to mom.

The string of thought becomes tangled with the nature talk and a whisper. The whisper becomes whispers as the trees and plants talk while dancing with the wind during a slow sway.

Guile breaths and breaths and breaths as Shake and Jaxel stare, and Jaxel says, ,,You have enjoyed the hasten being before.'' 

Guile pulls mind from thought sting from the one before, but sting goes taught then begins to pull thought from mind and unwind the direction of up and down and forward and back.

Shake says and Guile hears, ,,Ride away.''

,,And leave you to kill Lim like you killed Oldin,'' says Jaxel with laugh.

,,I've only killed goblins and vial creatures more deadly then you.'' Shake grins a grin stained with dirt, sooth and sweat.''YOU KILLED OLDIN!''

Jaxel blinks and shutters for a second between the slowed reality of Shake.

Shake's voice loosens then breaks the though sting from Guile to other being leaving on strand between as Guile sees what the being thinks. <Wind,> it thinks, and Guile sees.

Shake hears no thoughts, but sees their action in Jaxel. And before Jaxel's actions pause for mind to act, Shake says, ,,Why did you kill him?''

The one standing near Guile and slowly stepping from horse stops step and looks to Jaxel.

,,There is no greater insult than to lay blame of murder upon one who cared for the one killed.'' Jaxel steps and stands with posture near hears. His eyes caste down upon Shake. ''Kill me now if you wish to live a day without fear of me seeking your life for insult of mine.'' He grips a dagger upon the hilts of belt.

Guile watches Jaxel talk leaving string thought open to what is in the mind of all. Guile feels no thought, but feel a knot twist and twist as Jaxel's speaks the words with flow and tone spreading fear and horror through his body. Every words spoke is like a rope of fear tied around Guile.

Guile can't talk, move or think of nothing but the fear speeding through mind until...

Shake laughs to giggle.

The blad griped in hand shakes cuts into the neck of Lim.

Lim elbows Shake's leg, says ,,Hold.''

Shake feels not the pain of leg being lost in laughter. 

The laughter booms to Guile. 

Guile feels the laughter shake away fear and questions. Guiles focus a thought to whipe the thought thread and let the laughter help joy send pleasure of laughing through the thoughts.

Shake's laugh wavers and settles.

The one near Guile steps toward Jaxel.

Jaxel moves lips as Guile and all hear a voice speak near Guile, ,,I'll kill you?''

The one near Guile looks to Guile, says, ,,We should talk with Wind.''

Guile looks to the voice for a being creating the sound, but only sees plants and trees and emptiness and unknowning and loss. The safety and security coving of Shake's laugh is talking away with those few words spoke from the etheral.

A fear explodes as the one near stares at Guile though Guile looks for Shake.

Shake grips LIm and knife and watches Jaxe's hand slide hand along hip pulling and throughing knife. ,,SHAKE!'' hollers Jaxel.

The knife flies and sinks into the head of the one near Guile.

The one near Guile pauses and stares at Guile then falls to the ground with a thump.

The thump feels to bump against the frigial sense of secure emotion spread over skin like a bubble. The bubble bursts.

Guile screams  and cowers in brush pulling the mental thread for the dead from its mind reeling in a connection beyond and familar.

The thread sends warmth and cover and protection from the dead body and Jaxel beyond peering at Guile.


Jaxel performs a spin and lets finger tickle top of another dagger ins sheath on hip.

,,I'll kill one and injure another before running to warn you want to lead. Wind is it.''

Lim wiggles and pulls away form Shake. 

Shake holds Lime.

The knife cuts into the throat of Lim. Blood seeps form skin.

Lim calms and relaxes. 

,,Let Guile leave?'' says Shake. He goes. Once gone for good. Could be a day. Don't matter I got enough speed in me to last day. Let him go. Then we'll bargin out of here.''

Jaxel nods and lets hands fall to side. ,,Yes, Guile leave.''

,,GUILE. YOU ARE FREE TO LEAVE?'' says Shake loud. ''ONCE YOU ARE SAFE, I WILL FOLLOW.''

Guile jumps and climbs over ground with arms and hands over snow and pine needles while his stare focus upon Jaxel.

''GUILE!'' says Shake.

Guile stops crawl as back presses against tree.

''Guile. You are on Speed.'' Says Shake looking from Jaxel to Lim while saying. ''Breath and focus. You can go fast. Very fast." Shake Swallows. ''Now you need to leave. Find the road. Walk with the mountain to you left. Go.''

Guile hears Shake's words and breathes, wipes sweat from heard. He thinkings betweenthe rattles of pine in the wind. Guile breathes and heart slows. 

The breathing trees settle and become still. He stares at shake and teather a through string connected to his  mind.

The string leads a thought from the caravan and feels calm and even. 

Guild follows the thought while staring at Shake without motion or care for the for the mind's focus is soothed.

Shake looks from Guile to Jaxel. 

Jaxel smile then lets the smile fades. ,,We are at an impass.''

Kicker snorts and blusters. He walks toward Guile and nestles nose against Guile's shoulder.

Shake glances from Guile to Jaxel. He sees the blank stare from Guile. ,,YOu are at an impass,'' says Shake. He presses knife against LIm's neck. He clences jaw and chews. ''I will stand.'' He stares. ''If you want only head to stand with me then lay.'' He begins to stand and looks at Jaxel. ''Drop the knifes. The blow gun.''

Jaxel nods and spreads hands wide. ,,We need not be enemies when we both can help the other.'' He lifts both hands like he will hug Shake.

Shake stands and lims stands with him.

Her height is an inch below Shakes and as tall as Jaxel.

,,YOu can help me by disarming,'' say Shake. ''It's a show of trust,'' with t snaping the cold.

A cold is not felt by Shake or Guile as their hearts pump fast and hards, minds define twitches and  and movement of bodies and trees to define the answer to a general question of survival.

,,No,'' says Jaxel. ''You kill Lim. Me.''  Jaxal holds hand out like a cross and lowers head. His face relaxes and eyes span wide like surprised.  ''I will instead give you money to kill Wind.''

Lim's taut body relaxed. ,,Jaxel,'' she says.

,,I'mnotanassasin. I'mabard,'' says Shake. ''AndIdon'tkillhumans.''

,,Wind is not human. And I will let you keep the horse, the stolen items and pay,'' says Jaxel smiling and nodding to Kicker then to Shake.

,,I'm human.'' says Lim.

,,Calm, Lim,'' Jaxel says in a soothing voice. 

Lim tenses. Her body shivers. ,,You don't have a speed freak with knife to your throat!''

Shake warms, sweats and nearly virbrates from the tension of moving fast while other things slow. ,,Thisthisthisistoomuch. Toolong.'' He inhales and slowly exhales. ''Leave the money and you go.'' He inhale and exhales. '' You go and leave the money, and we will let Lim free.'' He looks at Guile. ''Tonight we will kill her.''

Jaxel laughts while letting the baggie's tie string twirl on finger. He cataches the bag. ,,I give you half. Five gold.'' He steps to his horse. "Twenty later.'' 

The horse by Jaxel walks and steps around Jaxel putting body between Jaxel and Shake.

Jaxel walks to the dead body and pulls the dagger from the head. He walks back wiping blood on the back of the dead. He stands. ''We may have a spot for you. I could promise you riches and power.'' He mounts the horse.

,,Promises.'' Shake grips and steps away from jaxel saying soft. ''What'd he promise you?''

Lim stares and shuffles back with Shake.

Jaxel guides horse in a circle then pulls mane for it to settle. ,,Now my friend, do we have a deal?''

Shake inhales and exhales. ,,Ride.'' He breathes and sweats. He wipes forehead with shoulder. ''Go.'' His hand shakes and vibrates as it flicks and waves through the forest. ''Go. Go to camp. Leave.'' 

Jaxel says with warmth and a cool that chills the ice. ,,Let Lim free.''

,,The gold. Five.'' Shake breathes. ''Five gold. Toss it on the ground. Then put the daggers on the ground. Gallup.'' Shake breathes. ''Go into the forest. Away. Go. I will release Lim when you are gone. Take one horse. Lie, Make up some lie.'' Shake steps back near LIm's horse. ''Guile.''

Guile lays on the ground watching Jaxel, Shake and Lim and the horses move slow and stead like the time between the chirps of crickets slows and stalls. Guile looks and feels fear for Jaxel, comfort for Shake and heart pounding, pounding, pounding.

Shake watches Jaxel trots and steps glanceing back at Shake and Lim.

,,Guile,' says Shake. ''Guile.'' 

Guile looks around at the trees, the rush the sky then looks at the growing light squinting against his rays.

,,Goblin shit,'' says Shake.

Lim giggles. ,,Not everyone on an addiction.''

Shake clenches jaw and pulls Lim over the snow and pine to the shining gold coins on the ground. ,,Pick 'em up.''

They kneel, and Lim grabs the coins. Shake pulls them from her fist.

Shake pushs Lim. ,,Go...''

Lim steps and sneers at Shake.

,,GO!'' yells Shake. His face contorts to that of a goblin. ''Go.'' He steps and grabs Jaxel's knife.

Lim runs. 

Shake grabs the harness of one horse, pulls belt from arm. He stuffs gold in shoe, wraps belt while walking and pulling the other horse to Guile.

The horse stops. 

,,MOVE!'' yells Shake at the horse.

The horse stand and blusters.

,,GOBLINS!'' hollers Shake as Shake tosses the reigns and runs to Guile. ''GUILE.''

Guile feels Shake's tension and flinches. He leans back nearly laying on ground. 

The thought string between the dead body pulls Guile's thought into a void. 

The pump of heart and rush of blood heat body to sweat.

Sweat freezes and chills. A chill not felt by Guile or Shake.

''GUILE,'' hollers Shake. He looks at Jaxel and Lim through the trees.

Guile stares from the dead body to Shake.

Shake inhales and slowly exhales. Shake slowly leans and says with as smooth a voice his raspy rough vocals can speak. ,,We have the money to buy the town.'' Shake smiles a dirt grin. ''We can ride Kicker.''

Guile looks at the dead body.

,,This dead won't follow,'' says Shake. His heart pounds beats faster than the slow movement he castes to calm Guile. His body pushes for movement and pounds the pain of shoulder.

Guile nods and feels the void closes and soothes shut with Shake's talk.  

Shake inhales, holds, exhales. ,,Breathe.'' Shake gently presses hand on his shoulder. ''Come. We need to leave before they involve us in their drama.''

Guile nods.

,,Now stand,'' says Shake.

Guile stands. 

Shake stand releasing body to movement. He glances through the forest and sees Lim and Jaxel embrace kiss after Lim mounts the horse. ''Do you want to ride Kicker?''

Guile nods head.

,,Yes,'' Says Shake.

,,Yes,'' says Guile nodding head. ''Yes, yes.''

Shake boosts Guild on to Kicker. 

Guile lays on the wool sheet over Kicker's back with head resting by neck. He stares through the trees and trees and trees.

Shake gather the boots and belt, the gold. The daggers of Jaxel. He pulls the shoes of the dead body and removes the velvet coat and a pouch with a crystal. He finds a blow gun, darts and a vial. He takes these things an bundles them in the dead body's shirt. Then walks to guile tossing the velvet coat and over his body. He grabs Kicker's reigns then looks to Lim's horse. He pauses.

The cold wind blows. Guile stares. Shake looks from the horse to the dead body.

,,Can't be good when everyone thinks it bad,'' says Shake.







