Hern looks to William. ,,Shake is in cage above the city. I will be visiting him after I wake. While I sleep, as will Shake for his body is near a breaking point from the wine and withdrawls from his addiction. When Shake wakes, I will speak with Shake and prepare Shake for Judgement."

William nods. ,,And Spear?"

,,Spear is being carried here by Grun and Fri to this very room." says Hern.

William relaxed is his stance and lowers his shoulders. ,,We would prefer-"

,,I don't want to be near Grun. He's a drunk and careless," says Myst. "He couldn't even lead us to the drunk alcohol orgy without nearly getting into
a fight with a pack of dwarves carrying blue banners." Myst points finger at Hern and shakes head. "You I trust. Grun I do not. He may have honor, but he lacks disapline." Myst shrugs. "How does he lead anything?"

Hern looks from William to Myst to Kirra to Jan to Minst. He nods. ,,Grun may  appear undisipline, but their is not many I would trust more to protect and secure this town. Please understand the lose of Ton has effected his judgement and control. They, for more time than you have lived, fought along another."

William nods. Myst steps and turn back on Hern. Kirra walks and sets her pack on the table and then begin to pull leather sacks and her fletching kit. She pulls her quiver from back and pulls out shafts. Jan stares a Hern, lets her pack fall to the ground, says ,,Do you ever question your honor in keeping us trapped in your mountain," lets her staff fall to the ground and walks to a far corner and stares at Hern as her eyelids cover eyes.

Minst shrugs and pulls out his spell book walks to the table, pours his components on the table and pulls out a sewing kit.

William stares. ,,I ask you leave for it would be best."

,,Will you be spying on us?" says Kirra as she lifts a feather from her fletching kit.

,,No," says Hern. He steps and walks to the closed door. He waves a hand. The door parts and he steps through.

The door closes.

,,I need out," says Kirra. "I care not of Shake's guilt. I care not for Shake. I want to leave. Judgement or no judgement."

,,He's guitly," says Myst. "He's guilty and can hang in a cage for all-"

,,Myst," interrupts William. "He's with us."

,,No," says Myst. "He's with you. I've never like Shake. And he's caused nothing but troubles."

,,I realized Shake may feel like a burden-"

,,Feel!" Myst throws up her arms. "I feel only contempt and discust. He' a leech." She lowers her arms. He neck tenses. "A theif!"

,,Myst," says William.

,,No," says Myst. "No! You need to see. You need to see the theif he is. He's dragging you down. He's a leech!" She points toward the closed balcony doors. "Let him hang."

William stands silent. 

Everyone stares at Myst and William

William stares. ,,You don't know Shake's telling of the tale."

,,I don't want to know him," says Myst with a calm voice. "He lies and speaks nonsense."

,,He was right about Carlos," says William.

Myst raises eyebrows. ,,Because of some old tale and what some ghost who wanted us dead has spoken to you."

,,You don't believe Carlos to be innocent," says William.

,,This is not about Carlos," says Myst. "This about trusting people who don't deserve your trust."

,,You don't know Shake," says William.

Myst's body relaxes. Her head softly pivots. ,,I don't want to." She turns from William and walks to the rectangle stone table. She lets he pack slid from shoulds and puts it on the table. She lays her chin on the pack and stares at the wall.

William begins to unhook and unstrap his armor letting fall clashing to the ground. 

Jan sits and watches Kirra look at the balcony then the roof then the arrow shaft in hand. She stands and pushes against the balcony doors.  

The doors don't move. 

Jan sits near the door and stares.

Minst twists the bottom of his knife scabbard and pulls out the scrolls, unfurls them on the ground and reads them searching the small packets spread on table and moving hands whilem mummbling.

Kirra tries to focus on the arrow before her until a deep tension flows through body to mind. She looks up and at the doors. Then sharpens metal plates, twisting feathers, carving notches in the shafters.

Myst stares at the wall.

The last of Williams armor hits the ground sending a clash through the room as the door opens.

Grun and Fri, holding Spear, side step through the door.

Spears head bobs and tips with his fluttering eyes.

Grun and Fri lay Spear on the ground.

Spear laughs and smiles with closed eyes. His body is covered with beads of sweat.

William steps over his arm. His chainmail hangs and sways. ,,Is Spear of his own mind and body."

Grun nods. ,,He is again become of his own mind." Grun looks at Fri. Fri steps through the door and down the stairs. "He will need water. The healing of mind and body is quick with Spear." Grun looks at William. "He's strong."

William stares at Grun.

No one looks at Grun avoiding eye contact and forcing back the urge to peak. Kirra watches the rope twist around the arrow shaft feeling the urge to jab the arrow into the neck. ,,Leave."

Grun nods, leaves. 

The doors shut behind him.

Myst lays her head on the side of her pack and looks at Spear.

William walks to the table and grabs a pitcher of water and then walk to his pack. He diggs through letting an apple and his wet stone kit fall. ,,I need a cloth."

,,Is he warm?" says Jan.

William puts his hand on Spears arm, chest and forehead. ,,No."

,,Let him rest," says Jan.

William sits by Spear.

Spear sleeps.

William watches and stares. He looks over the room seeing Kirra fletch arrows, Myst stare at the wall, Jan pull out powders and  lotain, Minst sorts components and sews, Spear breathes and sweats.

Spear's head moves and shakes. He talks and laughs a need tongue that is brief clicks, clacks and booming sylables. He laughs and smiles.

William watches and sits and stares at Spear letting mind flow. He grabs and piece of leather once part of Buckey's harness. He rubs the leather with thumb. A chill and empties spreads through William. He looks down. ,,Once Spear is awake, we should try to make out way from this mountains." William looks around from the room. "I will remain to find Shake."

,,Balcony doors are locked," says Jan. "I can freeze the water on the hinges. Might open."

,,Magic," says Minst. "The doors are bound by physical forces and a binding spell. A force like a shield."

Kirra nods to door near William. ,,There are three dwarves on the other side of that door."

,,I have no idea a course beyond the one before us," says William.

Kirra nods. She ties off string wrapped about shaft and sets arrow on table. She lifts bow, notches arrow, pulls back string and looks along the shaft of arrow then she slowly relaxes the muscles holding the bow's tension slowly leting the tension of the sting and bow release. She puts the arrow in her quiver and grabs another shaft.

Myst watches Kirra. She tries to hear a song, a note, a word of song of Reighn, but hears only the breathing of Spear and the sound of Kirra filing flat metal pieces. She lays head on pack and closes eyes thinking of her room and the temple in the South during her devotion.

Minst feels a pain spread through his mind as he stares at the scroll given to him by Hern. The runes lift and sprawl from page feeling drive deep into the flesh. Minst squeezes his eyes shuts and looks away. The pain remains and the ruin form columns in his mind consuming thoguhts... His head slumps.

Jan looks up and looks down at her aloe leaf and squeezes out it lotion on to hand and pours a powder of Grilum with the aloe and mixes the two supstances on a large leaf getting lost in the rythm.

William begins to inspect sword and armor. 

Time passes. The light from the eyes of the relief statues turn off and on with the minor movements. 

Spear wakes in an instant and loud scream.

Minst and Myst wake. Kirra and Jan look up and at Spear.

William lowers rag and shoulder plate. ,,Spear!" he exclaims. He leans forward. "My friend how be you?"

Spear looks at William and around the room. ,,What? Where are we? Why? What?" Spear squints and rolls to side and pushes self to a sitting position.

,,How do you feel?" says Myst.

William looks at Myst.

Myst looks at the Spear.

Spear looks around blinking. He stretches. ,,Good." He looks around. "We have been returned here. I only remember rage. I remember a fight. A fight I fought. I remember not much else."

,,You became a wererat, Spear. Then attacked the dwarf who assulted Shake. You fought. Had you more experience in you changed form you may have won."

Spear lifts arms and stretches. ,,The attack. Why?"

,,Shake stole a dagger from one of the dwarves in the lift. It was part of Grun's pack. The knife a family life," says William.

,,Shake," says Spear. He smiles. "Hungry."

William nods to the fruit, bread and water.

"Is that the food?"

,,Thank shake," says Myst. "We are now thieves and not guests."

Spear laughs and stands. He walks and grabs bread and cup of water bites bread chews, drinks water, says while chewing. ,,Hungry." 

Willaim stands. He steps by Spear and slaps and grabs his shoulder. ,,It is good to see you are healthy."

Spear nods.

William looks at Myst.

Myst looks away. 

Spear loooks around the room. ,,What now?"

William lowers hand from Spear's shoulder. ,,We have a trial."

,,A judgement," says Minst.

William nods. ,,A judgement. Yes. Once Shake is taken to the judgement we will be taken to the judgement. And then we will be judged."

,,We will be judged after we all sides are given time to tell their truth of the events. It is similar to civil hearings most humans use to determine guilt or innocent," says Minst. "The system of this vein of the dwarven kingdom allows the punishment to be determined by the ones found guilty. In this case, I believe, we will all be judged. But I am not sure. Grun said something about the pack being judged for one's actions of the pack."

Spear looks at Minst and nods and then pivots his head side to side.

The doors spread open. 

Grun and Fri step  up the stairs and from the darkness.

Fri stands by the door and attention. A red sash hangs around his waist and round his hammer.

,,You are awake!" says Grun with a smiles. He steps across the room gathering the stares of everyone. He stands by Shake and looks up. "Good. Very good." Grun looks from Spear to William to Jan to Minst to Myst and Kirra. "Judgement is near. Shake is ready for Judgement. The pack gathers. Hern is taking Shake to the circle. Now we must joint him."

Grun's talk is more firm and calm. Sage smells flow forth where alcohol fumes once were. His sweaty and oily hair is now dry and flowing in a flow from head top to beard bottom around his shining full plate sectioned armor.

Myst peers at Grun. ,,Drunk." She grabs her pack. "I hope this is quick so we may leave you and your friend inside this mountain."

Grun nods. ,,That I may be. Put I am no theif. Neither are those of the Rose Pack." He points at William grabing a shoulder piece, and Minst gathering his components into his large bag. "You items will remain here. No armor or weapons. Fri will remain to give you comfort one is watching your possessions."

,,Why should we trust you?" says Myst.

,,Myst," says William.
        
,,No, William." She points at Grun. "We have no reason to trust him. He may not be a theif, but he's chaotic and not worth of trust."
        
Grun nods.
        
Kirra peers at Grun. She arranges the feathers and razord metal waffers and rope in a tin then puts the tin in her pack. She ties off her pack and throws it over shoulder then her quiver then attaches her swords scabbard on belt and grabs bow.

Minst looks from Grun to Kirra continues to pile his components into the sack then begins to arragn his scrolls and knife scabbard while Jan stands and walks past Grun, Spear and William to her staff and pack, picks them up and puts pack over shoulders.

Myst walks with her backpack to the door and walks into the darkness pulling a pair of Hern's glasses from a pocket in her cloak and putting them on.

William sighs. He looks at his neatly stacked armor, his sword and pack. He looks at his chian mail and pads. He looks at Grun. ,,I am ready but I ask for a means to see through the darkness."

Grun looks at Fri. Fri pulls pack from back and shuffles through it pulling our spectacles while Spear takes off his sword and lays it on the stane rectangle table.

,,Where's my pack?" says Spear. 

Grun says, ,,It is being brought. It was found after our return to clean the tent."

Fri pulls out a pair of Spectacles and tosses them to William. 

The glasses fly through air.

William reaches. The glasses hit his hands and fall to the ground.

Spear swipes and grasps the glasses before they hit the ground.

Grun smiles, ,,You have the speed of a rat and soon you will find you will have the vision even as you stand in the form of human." Grun looks around the room. "If you are ready we will depart. Time is soon for Judgement to begin." He steps by Fri and to Myst. "Unless you wish to lead I ask you step aside."

Myst steps agains the relief covered wall. 

Grun steps past. 

,,And why should we follow you?" says Myst.

Grun steps. His voice echoes. ,,Where else will you go?"

William puts on the Hern's glasses and walk behind Grun not looking at Myst. Spear follows. Myst, fumbling the sack steps past, looks at Myst and shrugs.

Jan with staff clicking pace walks with robe tight followed by Kirra.

Myst stands and looks in the room then down the color illumintated hall then steps down stairs.

William, Spear, Minst, Jan, Kirra and Myst follow Grun through the halls and shower rooms, down the switchback stone steps. They follow Grun through the marching armored and polearm carring packs. They walk by the lean-tos and shacks and booths, the shouting voices of dwarves holding up necklaces, baskets, sheaths, blankets and tunics. They step from the path to the incline down to the buildings' bases and the bazzar.

They follow a crowded path aling the edge of the walk was inclining down. The path is full of people walk and shuffling past people, stepping from the path and on to flat building tops spanning from the flat plane to bridges spanning over gaps between the grid of large square plots that span to the distance.

The bridge are made of rope and hang between the buildings span. They are made of stone, steel, bronze and wood. Their width span skinny and wide over the gaps.

The gaps span down to the pathways and alleys below.

William, Spear, Minst, Jan, Kirra and Myst follow Grun over a skinny bronze bridge making the group walk single file. The bronze bridge leads to a square plot covered with rugs and filled with dwarves laying on backs starring at the illumincated relief above.

The walk over a wide steel bridge to a square plot with a narrow path between two bisected rectangles on either side of the path. A group of ten chase an eleventh around the edge of the rectangles.

Bridge span end to end of the squares that span as wide as large pond

Above the relief the a dwarf with winged shoes battels and griffen.

Below small dots of light shine. Shouts and bell rings echo up. Puffs of smoke and mint, sage, oak, hickory and even fumes of feces blow up and past with a force to push people way from the edge.

The open fields divided by releif lines and carpet covered tops become stages, and raised platforms, rows of seats, halls through wooden buildings that lead under floors of courts and game fields.

Round and sqaure towers reach to the sky and are surrounded by court yards of armored dwarves and were rats standing in formation. Flags of purple, red, pink and green flap in a breeze.

At the edges of some square plots, metal pullies mounted on wide metal frames magically twist chains. A few lift large rectangle boxes.

People step from the boxes and follow paths to tower doors or to another bridge.

William, Spear, Minst, Jan, Kirra and Myst follow Grun walk from a rope bridge, a metal bridge, a stone bridge. They walk with dwarves in tunics with feathers hanging from waist and beards;  a group of halflings and dwarves wearing shoes and hats with bells; a trope of dwarves in hybrid wererat form wearing tights with furr sticking outsides of sleeves, leggings, and collars. They walk by a stage and chairs with a choir singing; over a square plot filled with people watching dwarves and halflings tumble, leap and jump over each other as the people clap and laugh; they walk through a tunnel of arches under a cylinder shaped buiding and through the building by dwarves sitting in chairs before a stage where a speaker screams and points at the passing group.

The walk across a bronze bridge with dragon heads bronze statues at the beginning and end of the bridge. The bridge leads to a square metal building taller than three adult cypress trees and spanning from corner to corner of the huge square plot.

A gust of wind and smoke blows up spreading smells of mint, cinimmon, sweat, sage, mildew and ocean.

Grun stops.

Grun stops in the middle of the bridge. A tall arching hallway taller then Spear with his hands extended is on the other end. 

Everyone behind Grun stops.

A group of dwarves with shaved beards and heads dressed in blue robes covering bodies walks past in single file. Their heads look at ground. A low hum flows forth from mouth.

A steady warm wind shifts from blowing up and blowing from the side.

Grun steps to the side near the railing of the bridge allowing wide path to the blue robed bodies. He waves to the group.

William and Spear watch the blue robed dwarves pass and step to Grun.

Kirra, Jan, Minst and Myst stand. Minst watches the slow march of the blue dwarves taking his stare from the towering cylinder seeing through the darkness the curves and edges as he stares.

,,It's a rose," mumbles Minst.

A high whistle peirces the hum of the changing bald and blue robed dwarves, distand cheering, and a muffled loud speaker coming from the rose shapped building. 

,,HERE!" says Grun. Minst walks to Gurn. 

Kirra, Jan and Myst step from the path of the blue cloaked stagecoaches and stand. The look at the rose shaped buildiing towering above.

Grun looks from Kirra, Jan and Myst to William, Spear and Minst. ,,The rose buidling is our destination. Once inside, I will lead you the center of the rose where Hern will be standing with Shake. Then I will be taking my seat in the stands." Grun looks from William to Spear to Minst. "You must not lie. You need to think when you Speak. And remember." He looks with wide and focused eyes from Minst to Spear to William. "Remember during the final phase of Judgement that whatever punishment you give to Shake will be used to give the council a...A..." Grun looks at Minst. 

Jan steps from Kirra and Myst toward Grun watching the blue robed dwarves pass. She feels a sense of calm and joy flowing from them.

Minst says, ,,Punishment?"

Grun shakes head.

Minst says, "A frame?"

,,Yes, thank you," says Grun. "A frame for your punishment."

,,How long with this take?" says Minst.

,,When it is finished," says Grun as he nods and steps from the group and walks to the wide and tall arch into the rose building.

The pack follows Grun.

Grun leads to them past the two bronze statues of dragons with mouths open toward the arch into the rose dome. The arches lead to a hall and the hall travels through the rose to the other end. Arches lead from the hall.

Kirra and Myst lag behind distanting themselves.

Grun stops at an arch to the left and waits for Kirra and Myst to saunter toward the rest of the group. Grun waves an hand and walks under the arch.

The feeling of wind and sounds of its whistle fade. 

The hall begins to incline and twist. 

Sounds of murmuring and an occasional shout are. The volume rises with each step as the hall turn in a spiral to a open area.

Huge steel petals arch and spread from the center of a flat steel floor. The petals each hold seats and tables attached and aimed to view the base blew. The inner petals begin with bars then span above to flat sheets of metal with small walk ways and chairs upon small podiums.

,,It's like a blooming rose," says Minst as he steps up the ramp in the center of the blomming rose.

Sheer wall have recessed seats and podiums that seat hundres of armored dwarves dressed in full plate armor and a sash. 

The group walks from the spiraling ramp and to Hern and Shake, who stand in the center.

,,What are on the outer petals," says Minst to Grun.

Grun looks at Minst and walks to Hern. He stops says, ,,Grun ditny. Hiun un likm ulk."

Hern steps from Grun to the group as Grun walks past  the pack and the spiral ramp descending into the floor.

Hern clasps hands.

Shake stands in place and looks above at the dwarves sitting and starring down at him. 

The chairs and petals tower above. The dwarves sitting lean forward to look down. The dwarves standing stare down. They talk and point at the group. The nod and talk. All faces that can be seen are still and stern and staring.

Hern says, ,,Welcome. I hope Grun has informed you. I have have a brief moment." He points up to and five seats and podium a high jump from the ground. "Newon and Grun will appear at that podium. After the oath of truth and judgement is given Newon will provide is truth and reason for judgement. After the judgement Shake will be given a moment for truth." 

Myst lets out a lough.

Many of the dwarves look at her.

Hern shakes head. "Then character witness will be called-"

A long boom sounds and flows. 

Hern looks up as all the dwaves stand.

A dwarf wearing deep red robes with not beard and long flowing hair steps from a door on the podium. 

The talking and murmuring stops. 

All the dwarves stand at attention.

,,Whose this," says Shake.

Hern looks back and glares at Shake.

Shake shrugs.

The speaker steps to the podium and closes eyes. A soft and calm voice speak. ,,Graaaaat. Hiraaaaan. Jog join lumn slash. Grit." The speaker opens her eyes and stares at Hern.

Hern nods. He pulls out a small tower and spreads arms and waves hands. 

The tower expands and illusion that fades as the tower held by Hern fades.

,,What was that?" says Shake.

,,It was a spell so you may hear us without help from nothing more than magic," says the woman standing at the podium.

Grun and Newon step from the door behind the woman speaker. They both sit on chairs and look at the woman at the podium.

William, Spear, Myst, Minst, Jan, Kirra look at Shake and stare around the rose court room. Kirra steps from the group and near the decline into the ground.

Kirra, Spear and William see two unguarded open tunnes disappearing to darkness. There are four ladders the climb the inner petal walls leading to podium and narrow walkways then the tips of the inner petal walls. The notice five dwarves holding crossbows aimed at the group.

Minst sees a shimmer and glow around the woman at the podium and around. 

William, Spear, Myst, Minst, Jan and Kirra stand apart from Shake.

Shake looks at the group and wallks over to the group passing Hern as Hern nods and says, ,,Our time is given. Our time is guided by you." He bows to the woman on the platform.

She nods her head. She looks at Shake and says, ,,Shake, you have been accused of theft. A crime we of the Rose Pack and we of the Valley Vain believe requires punishment-"

,,I'M GUITLY," says Shake.

,,Shake," says Hern.

,,What?" Shake. "Tired of friends herded around like animal. No. Not going throught this."

People standing and sitting talk and murmur filling the area with sound.

Hern's face appears to bunch and push to gether as he pivots head. ,,I call for silence," says Hern. He lifts and arm. 

The woman behind the podium lifts an arm and nods.

Hern's face relaxes. He exhales and looks at Shake. ,,Our sound is silence for others beyond the circle." Hern walks to Shake. "Need I remind you our conversation about lying for guilt?"

,,No lies by me." Shake points to self. "I got truth. You want to know how I stole it. Do you want to know when? I can tell."

Hern looks at Shake. His face relaxes. He nods. He lowers hand. ,,Please continue, Shake."

The talking fills the space of silence.

The woman behind the podium raises a hand. Before it reaches full extension above the head all talking fades to silence.

Some one coughs.

The woman lowers arm.

Hern nods.

Shake smiles. ,,Yeah, it wasn't to difficult lifting dagger from herd. A little bump in formation. The herder not going fill a bit of lift." Shake looks at Newon. "Gotta be honest. Had harder time taking coins from a drunk sleeping on the floor."

The crowd talks and whispers to those near.

Newon begins to stand then sits. He peers at Shake.

The woman raises her hand as the crowd silences.

,,Is this the truth?" says the woman behind the podium.

,,May seem a thief, but not a lair," says Shake.

Myst laughs. Her laugh echoes and fills and spreads.

People look at her then begin to talk and whisper.

Shake sneers at Myst.

The woman raise her arm. 

The people silence.

Myst laughs and laughs. She tries to stop but the force of prevention fuels the laughter to laugh. She sits on the ground and laughs until tears form under eyes and stream down cheeks then the laugh fades. Myst looks up at the silent scene of people staring at her.

She lowers arm and says, ,,Shake, as you have decided truth is framing your guilt then we will move the Judgement to the punishment phase."

,,How about you keep him for a season so we can be rid of his truth," says Myst with a smile and a laugh. "Maybe..." She laughs. "Maybe you can convince yoursefl snow is really rain?" She breaths and wipes tear from cheek.

Hern pivots head side to side and sighs. He looks at Myst then looks away. ,,I would like to have those words be placed in silence."

The woman behind the podium, says, ,,As is our process, the pack defines the pack's punishment. As one as all. As is truth, it arrives in many forms. Forms that may not be silenced."

The people look down at the group. 

Grun whispers something to Newon. Newon nods.

"Please continue with Punishment unless the cleric of Reighn speaks the mind of the pack," says the woman behind the podium.

,,No," says Hern. "Myst, speaks from a mind lost to our ways and lost control of another. I hope he out burst is thought tobe words of one wish only to continue on a journey of the soul."

The woman behind the podium nods.

,,William," says Hern. "What punishment wish you for Shake?"

,,Isolation,' says William. "Isolation from the pack. He looks from Hern to the woman behind the podium. "Shake is loyal to the pack. His ways are not your ways, but of survival. He has taught me he is willing to do anything to save the pack even if it means taking an item that is not his. I will glady accept to fullfil any punishment given to Shake or the pack."

There is silence. A few dwarves nod. 

The woman behind the podium nods.

,,Kirra," says Hern. "It is time to speak of punishment."

Kirra looks from Hern to the woman behind the podium. ,,No," She says. "Your ways. Not mine. Their pack. Not mine. His act. Not mine."

,,It is our way," says Hern. "There could be consequences for not giving punishment."

,,No," says Kirra.

,,Why should she NEED to do anything," says Myst. "She stands here. She has her will. You have no right for force or judge for not following rules you forced upon us by bring us here. We don't want to be here. Let us leave. And we will remain gone."

Her words echo to silence.

The woman behind the podium says, ,,You have given you Punishment. Your words are only for the echoes lost."

,,Excuse me." Minst raises a hand. "I would like to know you name. Is that too much to-"

,,Reat," says the woman behind the podium. "You may call me Reat."

,,Reat," says Minst. "I have found education is the only punishment for it provides one with wisdom to see the error of one's way."

Reat nods.

,,Jan," Hern says, "If you will please give punsihment."

A time passes. People shift is seats. They lean on one leg to another. They sniff, cough and look. 

,,Set him free," say Jan.

Hern exhales and shakes head. ,,Spear?"

,,I take William's word, but will not allow him to accept blame for us the pack. I come from a tribe. A tribe is large pack. I understand the need for trust in pack. I know isolation gives all time to either become closer to the pack or find their own way."

Reat nods and winks at Spear. Then she looks from Spear to William to Kirra to Jan to Minst to Myst then Shake. She lets silence stay and remain holding it be as she holds her stare at Shake.

Grun and Newon stand and walk through the arch. One by one from the top most platform to the bottom the members of the Rose Pack until the none remain except Reat.

Reat breaks her stare then walks through the arch.    

,,Can we go now?" says Shake.

,,We wait," says Hern. "We wait until the pack has returned."

,,How long does judgement take?" says Minst. He sit on the ground and sets his component sack on lap.

,,A Cycle. A rotation. The span of a sneeze. I know not," says Hern.

,,Are you not a pack member?" says William.

,,I am," says Hern.

,,Why are you not with your pack?" says William.

Hern looks at William. ,,My punishment."

Silence spreads as Hern's words fade.

They sit and stand in silence. Kirra makes an arrow. Minst reads his spell book. Jan complete her healing lotion. Myst is lost in the song of Reighn letting its soothing sounds spread. William sits  and stares from Myst to the rose structure and makes several movements to talk with her but sit and thinks of Buckey and his family. Spear walk around the Rose Building pushing on walls and looking down halls while Shake sips on his flask and sits in shadows trying to stop his body from the tremors.

Then Reat steps from the arch followed by Grun and Newon. The one by one the the warriors of the Rose Pack step to the platform spanning from floor to ceiling.

Reat waits until all the pack stand then says, ,,We of the Rose have found a path to obsolve youselves..."


