
A shout for, ,,ALE AND A DARK!" A billow of sage huka smoke blows and hangs. A small man sits on a stool and plucks strings of a guitar. The soft strings strum a rhythm. 

An orge walks past Minst knocking him in the shoulder. He steps back and hits someone.

,,HEY!" is shouted. Minst is pushed. 

He steps to the wall. He watches people pass letting the soft shade of blue from knifes and belts and sashes. A deep blue glows from the mirror behind the bar. Soft blue light glows around a set of dice rolled by a hafling. A purple hue glows from the oak nod a few feet away. Minst leans against the wall peering through the smoke seeing rings and necklaces glowing azure and purlple. 

,,MINST!" he hears. He looks left and right through people and huka smoke. 

,,MINST!" hallars Kirra.

Kirra raise hand from bar top to above the crowd. She peers down a man covered with muscle and dirt. He grins a toothless grin. An ogre leers sight long time upon Jan. Kirra sees through mirror a skinny human and boney nodding at Kirra. 

People sit against the bar starring at the mirror and the bottles of green and brown, square and round. People stare at the tops of their mugs and glasses. The stare at nothing lost in the haze of alcohol. People sneeze and cough. The wipe hands on pants and mouths with sleeves.

Bits of food and dirt pile between the floor and bottom of bar. Hand prints and smears of grease and fat spread over bar top. A woman throws her arms around twom men and screams laughing as she is carried away in the crowd.

Kirra looks at the walls and the ceiling and pivots head side t side looking down at Jan.

,,Jan," she says.

Jan stands still. 

,,JAN!" Kirra says loud.

Jan looks up at Kirra, smiles then look arond, pivots head side to side.

Kirra lowers to Jan, "Minst is walking this way. We can find the other leave."


Minst steps behind Jan and Kirra. He leans to Kirra's ear, ,,How did you appear here?"

Kirra nods behind, ,,THERE'S A NODE A FEW STEPS AWAY!"

Someone shouts then the shout is followed by laughter.

People walk by and shove Minst forward. 

He braces with bar and nudges Jan. ,,SORRY," he says.

Kirra peers behind Minst. She leans left side of table and postions right by side people passing.

Minst pushes back and stands, says above the talk and music, ,,HUNGRY!"

Jan nods. Kirra stares behind Minst.

Minst leans to Kirra, ,,YOUR NOT LIKING THIS PLACE."

Kirra looks and peers at Minst then past Minst.

The bar tender whips towel hungover should to top of bar before Jan. He centers body before bar. He clears throat, ,,WHAT CAN I GET YOU?"

A blume of huka smoke blows past Minst head. 

,,WATER," says Kirra. She peers past Minst.

Minst looks at Kirra. ,,WATER."

,,WATER, PLEASE," says Jan.

The bartender nods. He takes a mug and wipes its rim and sets it on table. He takes two more mugs, wipes rim, sets them on table. He takes on over to a keg. He twists tap top and frothy ale pours a head of foam and a body of barely.

Minst says, ,,Excuse me."

The bartender fills two other mugs. He sets scoops up the three mugs and sets them before Kirra, Minst and Jan.

,,SIX COOPER," says the barkeep.

Kirra snaps head from crowd to keep, ,,SIX WHAT?" She looks at the mugs, "WE WANT WATER."

Bar keep points at mugs, ,,THIS THE ONLY WATER!" His face musles tense and jaw bone pops.

Kirra point finger at mugs and stares down the bartender and looks at two black clad beings standing agianst wall. ,,THIS IS NOT OURS."

The bartender steps back, raises an arm, snaps fingers, folds arms and stares at Kirra.

Two black clad beings step from wall and step and slide to Kirra and Minst and Jan. Two more step from crowd to stand behind Jan. Two more step from side of card table and stand behind Minst.

People step back and stare. A space clears around Kirra, Minst and Jan.

Kirra looks at Jan. Her eyes peering through Jan and the crowd.

Minst shakes head, ,,I don't want to."

,,MY FRIENDS!" says Shake. He slips thin body between black clad beings. He steps between and stares at the black clad beings then slaps a gold coin on the bar. "YOU FORGOT TO ORDER ME A DRINK!"

The bartender looks at the gold coin. He picks it up. He bites it. He looks at Shake then slides the gold coin in pocket and nods.

The black clad beings step back. The noise around raise and people step in space and let eyes wander way from the site and mind find the flow of the guitar and flute.

Bartender wipes a mug, filles it sets it by the three mugs. He reaches into apron pocket and counts out eight silver and two cooper. 

Shake picks up the silver and nods. He grabs a mug by the handle and lifts hit high, says, and grins, ,,TO FRIENDS!"

Minst grabs a mug around the gloss and hits Shakes. Kirra looks at the mug and swats. She turns back to crowd and watches the crowd sway and sashey behind. Jan grabs the mug by the handle and tips Shakes mug, smiles and nods.

Shake smiles.

Drinks the ale. A fothey mustag covers upper lip. Minst and Jan drink. 

Kirra says loud, ,,I WANTED WATER."

A fist hits Shake's head. A knife stabs by Shake and at Minst cutting across Minst leather armor. 

Kirra grabs glass with palm and slams the glass over the head of an ogre. She pushes a thin tall human into the crowd.

Shake grabs the knife wielding arm, bites.

The knife drops.

Shake catch the kife. Minst steps back bumping a dwarf sitting at the bar spilling her drink. Jan leaps between Shake and Minst hitting a orc in the chest.

The orc steps back and grabs Jan around the back and lifts her off ground. 

Minst drinks a mouth full of ale spite and shakes fingers. The flying ale freeze and hits the orc's face.

Shake holds the knife and is punched in the head twice. Two Ogres grab Kirra as she kicks a third and punch one.

People pick up drinks and slide away long the bar. The step way and stare. The separate to let black clad beings pass. 

The black clad beings grab Minst and pull him back. Four pull Jan and the Orgre apart. Three push and stand araund Kirra. 

Shake drops and tumbles through the legs of a black clad beings then comes to stand behind. He sees the halfing that stabbed slip through the crowd. Shake follows.

The hafling slopes betwend groups and people and gambling tables. He ducks under bar and slips along hall.

Shake jumps on top of the bar and runs over glasses and plates.

People move mugs and flutes and plates.

Shake jumps to the ground reaches and grabs the halfling, raises the knife, step onto to an open oak area on the floor.

He disappeaers. 


