
A flat stone wall raising tree lenghts to a celing. The trash flowing to the wall and forming to a ramp up to a grand hall between two open steel doors wide enough to push through a seige tower and wide enough to push through a catapult.

The steel doors are latched to the stone wall with chains wider then Spear and as long as bridge. 

The ramp a fitted puzzle of rocks, cans, glass all cemented in a steady incline into the long and dark stone hall

Wererats and dwarfs stand around the trash ramp and watch the companions approach. Their eyes squint as Minst light's bright epicenter illuminates the ramp and those standing at its sides and in the hall.

,,What is this?" says Minst.

Grun nods at dwarfs standing and staring at the sides of the ramp. ,,It use to be a cistern. The cistern held the over flow of the run off after the freeze passes. Then came then came the wars and years of being isolated." He looks back at Minst. "Trash needs a place to rot." He looks forward. "The trash Monster helps decompose."

Minst slumps. Sweat drips from face. His eyes sting. He blinks. ,,Is it still a refuse bin?" 

,,It's a store point for the furnaces. The cistern has moved beyond our city walls and reach into the center of the mountain. We take are wanter from the caverns deep below and the rivers flowing above?" says Grun.

Wererats and dwarves watch the companions pass.

,,Why do you have a different water source," says Minst.

,,Why do you ask so many quetions?" says Grun.

Minst smiles, ,,Because I am."

Grun looks back, winks, ,,Enough talk for now. Keep questions for later when my tongue is wet and loose from ale." He looks forward. "And you are not stinky."

,,Do you know Carlos the Barded Dwarf?" says Shake.

,,Know him," says Grun. He laughs. "I know his  songs and stories that taught me to speak the common tongue."

Gruns laughs echoes through the great hall.

The voice echo echoes followed by foot steps and soft rubbing of armor.

William, Spear, Minst, Kirra, Jan, Shake, Myst walk in a loose group behind Grun. 

Wererats and dwarf walk the ramp behind. 

The white light filles the hall illuminating the white stone covering the floor, walls and sceling. The floor's surface smooth, dry and cool. 

,,We need the light no more," says Grun.

William says between inhale and exhale, ,,My eyes are not for the darkness."

Grun laugh, laugh follows the echoes, words follow laugh, ,,Not all light comes from magic or fire."

The light vanishes.

Fifteen Neon green stripes as wide as a dwarf is talls streak the floor, walls and ceiling past a line Vertical neon green line. Green lights shines from the strips illuminating the bodies and walls with a greeen hue. Green light bright the night vision giving the density of day as the focus from night vision to light vision. 

,,IMpressive," says Minst. "How..." He goes silent and he focus forward. 

Grun chuckles. ,,How? The stone of the ceilng, walls and floor are a white wash. And though we may be rats we like a clean house. A compound of lime stone is applied. If you look close you can see the walls flacks and chuncks missing." He looks back. "It has been sometime since a need to repaint this grand hall." He he points to a neon stripe beneath feet. "The lines are created by adding that slime coating you and mold found in moist dark places called Frokin, the dwarven word." 

Minst looks at the ground and peers at the small spots of darkness.

,,Where are we going?" says Kirra. 

,,We go to the glowing stair tube before us," says Grun. "Then we will show you room and a hot spring to bathe."

,,And after we are clean," says Kirra. She looks behind seeing the groups and pairs of wererats and dwarves.

,,We celebrate the Birth of Ton. A Birth is a time for new friends and another beginning." Grun nods and walks. "We talk with the council." He looks back and looks and places open palm on chest. "I am only a servant charged to help you find you way."

,,How? Why?" says William. "How did you know?"

,,It is our home. We know when other come to visit," says Grun.

Kirra looks at Myst and points.

Myst graps her amulet and nods.

They walk.

Spear's head slumps then raises. Dull pain spreads in fade. His head feels to flow and float above with no body below.

,,How are you feeling," says Jan.

Spear smiles. ,,Good. Floating."

,,I wish you were floating," says William. He grunts and lifts Spear up. "The more you float, the heavier I becoming."

Spear grins. ,,Thanks my friend." He lifts head with a wobble and looks at Minst. "You." He nods. "Good even for a spell caster." His head slumps

,,I want to float," says Shake grabs a shaking hand sqeezes it. A burn in body deepens.

The green glowing vertical bar drom floor to ceiling illumincating the hall widens with each step. 

The wide and tall squaire tunnel feels to grow wider with each step as the light shining square behind shrinks.

They all look around. Minst squeezes a guano component bag and an iron component bag. He holds them in a fist and pulls hand from sack.

Kirra rolls wrist pulling and pushing the hilt of the dagger strapped to forearm under leather to palms. 

Jan pushes and shovers her energy through the rock and wide space of halls and dinning halls and concert halls and bed halls and shop halls along the path of the shaft up.

Dwarfs sleeps, sit and eat, walk, run, talk and argue.

The energy flows back and Jan feels the group.

Myst radiates a red energy cooling to orange.

Myst hears the song of Reighn in her mind. The sounds calms her body and lights shoulders heavy. Her eyelids trying to remain open lift and open letting the green light shine. A warmth flows through her body and then from her body. Her warm spead through Jan, Kirra, William, Spear, Minst, Shake and Grun. The warmth dampens hunger, numbs cuts and breaks, slows the blood, wakens the mind.

Shake scratches between locks of hair poking chaotic over head. He spies a jeweled dagger hanging on Grun's hip and a sheath on the back of a hyprid rat-dwarf with a large red ruby.

Grun looks at Shake looks at the widdening span of the vertical green glow.

The Vertical stipe becomes a vertical column that becomes a vertical tower as wide as the shaman's tower of the goblins city.

,,That's huge," says Minst.

William breathes and pivots head. ,,Is that our destination?" says William.

Grun nods. ,,The lift and the climb."

,,The what?, says Minst.

Grun looks back at Minst. ,,Wait. We near."

The near. The walk over the stone and walk to the wall.

Shake extends hand and rubs fingers over the course wall. He focues. His hand shakes. He takes wine flask and drinks gulping down wine.

,,Is that water," says Kirra. 

,,Wine," says Shake. He wipes wine and rat blood from face. "I feel it has powers beyond giving on a drunk state."

Kirra shakes head and pulls backpack to chest and pulls from  side pocket her beer mug. ,,THE MAGIC WORD." 

Water fills the mug. 

Kirra drinks and looks at jan. Jan says the magic work and drinks water. Jan gives the mug to Myst and Myst drinks. Myst gives the mug to Minst. Minst gives it to William. William says after drinking, ,,Grun. Do you wish for a drink of water?"

Grun looks back, nods.

William holds the mug out, and Grun grabs it. 

He looks inside the mug and says, ,,THE MAGIC WORD."

Water fills the mug. 

Grun drinks water and smacks lips. ''Good." He lifts mug up and toward the green glowing wall of the vertical shaft. He peers and stares at the mug. "Impressive. Good design." He looks from Willaim to Kirra. "The etching of the mountains and tress." He steps and holds the mug before Kirra. "You have talent." He winks. "You may want to hide that and avoid making a bad impression with jealous of the creation."

Kirra tries to hold back a smile, but lets it flow. ,,Thank you." She grabs the mug, says, "THE MAGIC WORD," and drinks water.

They reach the end of the shaft walk and walk around the corner.

Huge rats, hybrids and dwarves in armor stand around the edge. The stand before two steel doors twice as tall as Spear is tall and three times as wide. The steel door etchwith a sceen of sun rising bettween from the moutains of the Western Canyon. The Canyon meets at the part of the door. Two rings hang from the moutain peeks. Braided rope as wide as Spear hangs from the rings.

Dwarves and rats grab the two ropes.

A low groan and whine raises and the doors part and pull apart.

The doors part. The thick steel body hover a fingers length from for the floor. The hinges groan as the dwarves and rats pull.

An area as large cavern appears as the doors parts.  
 
The inside of the huge vertical shaft is hollow beyond its wide rock walls. and shaft is illuminated white. 

Large rings attached to the floor  are pull tight by rope looped and pulling from above. The rings, twelve in all are spaced from the front to the back of the  floor.

A tripod with a silver bell hanging from top is in the center of the lard area. Light reflects from the surface.

,,No stairs," says William. He nods. 

Spear's head whips back then flops forward. Words dribble from mouth. ,,Don't want a magic ride."

,,Magic!" says Grun. He walks between the double doors. "Mechanics." He stepes into the the hollow of the shafter.

William, Spear, Minst, Kirra, Myst, Shake and Jan follow Grun and lead the other dwarves and wererats into to the wide area.

Grun points. ,,Those ropes around the rings are both attached to the ceiling. And they are looped and pulled around a gears and wheels. When the bell is rung and then heard." Grun smiles and looks back across the companions then we hope.  "The robes don't break."

,,What moves the gears and wheels?" says Minst.

,,Steam and water." Grun steps onto the white room and walks toward the tripod and the bell.

The group follows. They step onto a white washed wooden floor. The stops clomp and drag. 

Drips of blood fall and spot the floor. The blood drips leaving a trail of the group.

The group follows grun to the silver belll on the far side from the entrance.

Grun stands by the bell and turns to watch the group and the were rats and dwarves walk and stand inside the lift shaft.

Two groups of dwarves walk to the walls by the large iron doors to a large wheel with a thick irons shaft protruding from the stone shaft wall. The groups of dwarves gather around the wheels and one by one a dward walks under the wheel grabs it, walks pulling the wheel until the wheel is out of reach. Then the dwarf walk in a circle back to the wheel.

The wheels twist and moans.

The doors move slow and loud sending a vibration through the wooden floor.

All stare at the slow and steady movement of the massive doors.

,,How many door are there like this one?" says Minst.

,,Four in this shaft."

Shake walks to the wall and kneels by the wooden floor. He peers along the wa

The doors shut.

The groups of dwarves by the wheels walk on the the wooden shaft.

Grun looks over the people in the saft. He graps a rod hanging from rope attached to a tripod leg. He lifts the rod and strikes the bell.

No sound is heard. 

Grun lets the rod hang and sits on the floor. ,,The ride will last a time. If you wish sit it would be my suggestion."

William nods and looks at Minst. 

,,Yes," says Minst. 

William and MInst lower Spear to the floor and lay him on his back.

Jan walks to Spear and kneels by his chest. She lifts his eye lids and lays hands on forehead. She nods and looks at William. ,,Good."

Kirra stands an looks over the crowd of rats and and dwarves. Hair and fur lay matted agains body or dissheveled. There armor clad bodies sit upon the ground. The form small packs and sit in circles. A few sit at the edge and lay on the wooden floor. 

Myst sit by Spear. The conversation pushing Rieghn's energy to the group soothing and healing those around becomes a subtopic of faith, ,,I see your wisdom. yes, I can't." The conversation becomes a murmur as a flash spreads in Myst's minds. The flash fades and the voice of Reighn speeks deep into Myst. Myst smiles.

Shake rubs hand along the stone wall feeling no seams.

The floor creeks and groans. The floor moves. Shake stands and says, ,,Is the shaft a seemless or covered?"

Grun yawns. He looks over to Shake. ,,The shaft from top to bottom has not seem as it was carved from the moutain stone." 

Shake nods and walks next to Grun. He looks down and sits by Grun. ,,Are all dwarves wererats?"

William peers at Shake. 

Shake shrugs. 

Grun closes eyelids. ,,No. Dwarves found to be wererats are either born or are exhiled here."

,,And what is here?" says Kirra.

Grun opens eyes and lifts head from the floor. ,,Here." He says,  "The trash bin of this dwarven mount. It is a place where all the rejects and rejected are thrown away and left to live beyond the mountain boundries. We are given our share of food and water by continuing to maintain the furnace and the fires fueld by the trash."

,,You're garbage collector," sneers Shake.

,,We do not collect, we recycle and use." Grun pulls fingers through his beard pulling out tangles an knotts. 

,,How'd you become wererats," says Shake.

,,Shake!" says William. "Enough."

,,I want to know." Shake takes the carafe and drinks. He wipes mouth with dirt and blood covered hand, burps.

Grun raises head and looks at William then Shake. He lays head back onto the ground and says, ,,Nearly all have been born as blessed with a dual shape of rat and dwarf. We were born." His voice fades then rises. "But the first. The beginning. The tale of how has varied during the years of our long lives. A life in a natual form of a dual life. If one were to search far back during time one would probably find the time after the raids of humans as being the epoche of the were spreading through what was once the purification center of Homekeep."

,,Homekeep?" says William. "The name of the dwaven city?"

,,The name of this dwarven keep for its nation," says Grun. Grun yawns.

''What do you know of the goblins and an illusionists?"

,,There have been goblins and trolls through this hall lost or appear in search of something. Once there was a mage of white floating around the caverns."

,,A white mage." William looks at Grun.

,,I have heard the tale, but was not there to recall it for you."

,,Will you show me who as seen this white mage?" says William. His fists clench.

Grun yawns. ,,I will." 

William nods.

A snore ecapes Gruns mouth.

The wall passes by. 

The floor creeks and moans. The taut ropes shake and vibrate.

Spear moans. His eyes open. I smile spreads across face.

Minst nods.

Williams sits and slumps shoulders. Then lays on back focusing on the sounds of the stretching and creaking wood floor. An emotion wells from deeps rushes over body, but held at from mind with a push of William's will, but before will pushes the emotion too deep a flash of Buckey is in the minds.

A tear falls along William's temple to ear to ear tip to wooden floor.

Myst sees the tear from side vision. She stares forward at the bell. The song of Rieghn singing in mind calming her fears and spreading power for song through energy to William, Spear, Minst, Shake, Kirra, Jan and Grun.

Jan feel the energy spread through her. She looks at Myst. 

Myst's eyes are close and soft. She sways softly. 

Jan stares at the walls watching the the walls pass then at Spear then at Kirra. She closes eyes and focuses mindto an energy point then expands...

Kirra looks at Jan looking at wall and turns and looks at her bow before Jan looks at her.  She pulls slides dagger on write from under sleeve and to palm then flips the  dagger and cuts the string on both ends of the bow. She slides pack from back and sheeths the dagger under on forearm.  

The pack is covered in slime. The fruit, wool socks fish tackle, weathering kit are covered with slime. 

She looks around the rising platform. 

Its wide and long base raises even and stead. Dwarves sit and talk, toss bones, lay on the wood and sleep.

The floor rises and slowly passes two more huge iron doors.

Kirra pulls out the fruit, socks, fish tackle, weathering and dig into pack pulling string wrapped in ball from the bottom.

The bottom dry and slime free.

She pulls out the sting from ball and measures the lenght of the bow and begins to string bow.

Spear moans.

Kirra looks up. Then down at the bow.

Spear floats from darkness to a blurred world of white filled with shades shifting from and to human and ghost. 

Pains stabes.

The world goes dark.

A moan escapes his lips. 

Misnt looks at Kirra, who is pull fruit from her pack, and to william how lays on back and at the dwarves resting.

He yawns. He slides his hand into armor touching the spine of spell book. Then he open the component bag and unties lace over a pocket and pulls a wood, flat, contianer from pocket and sack and a roll of leather.

,,Put you spell book some where more secure," says Shake. Shake drinks from the wine carafe. 

Minst lays leather on knee and opens the container revealing needle and thread. ,,Even if it were chained to my body I would pull on the links."

Shake smiles and drinks some wind and holds the carafe to william, ,,Wine." He smiles. "Heals you."

,,No," says Minst. He looks at Shake. "But thank you."

Shake nods and drinks wine.

Minst takes the leather and the thread and needle. He puts the leather near the rim of the sack and begins to sew around the leather pies edges and the sack. 

Shake drinks wine and watches. He stands and clears throat and spits on the floor. He shakes legs. ,,Where can I pee?"

Minst shrugs and sews.

Shake steps by Grun and the tripod with bell.

The tripods metal legs met and a welded top. A hook welded to the point. The silver bell hangs from hook. Below the legs are attached to metal plates and the metal plates are bolted to floor.

Shake steps by a snorring Grun and walks by Minst, Spear and William. He walks soft and silent over the wood floor. He stops at the wide and tall metal loop with large rob tied around the ring with a blunt line hitch

The half ring is welled on both ends to table sized metal plates bolted to the wood with bolts heads the size of shake's head. The edges of the plates smooth and even.

Shake walks from the ring and rope and by dwarves and wererats.

Dwarves kneel and sit around the rolling of the six and twenty sided bones. Rats lay on side and sleeps.

Two jewelled daggers encrusted with diamonds along the hilt lay cross and sheeths on the back for dwarf. The hilds sparkling from behind the neck.

The dwarf looks up from a book and peers at Shake winks and walks on.

Sacks with coins lay on floor. Belts of plated bronze and gold plate circles the waist of a hybrid. Beads of rubies and gold wrap around dirty hand and hairy wrists. Silver amulets pulled tight around  a huge rat's neck as it lays on side sleeping.

Hanging gold rope earings, thick silver rings and dull think cold brooches, platium rimmed sheaths, copper arm bands, steel bracers carved with runes of gold are worn by dwarf and rat. They shine against the dull and dirty skin and armor of the dwarves and the brown fur of the rats. 

Pressure pushes out upon Shakes batter. He feels spots of urine drip and soack in trousers.

Shake spies as a half rat, half dwarve sitting on hind legs while pulling front paws over whiskers licking paws between pulls.

The rat looks at Shake as he steps near.

,,Commons," says Shake.

The wererat's black eyes aim at Shake. Then Wererat's paws pull on whiskers.

Shake points to his waist. ,,I NEED TO PEE."

The wererat shakes head. 

The pressure gives then pushes and pushes and pushes. 

Shake nods he looks around the room and along the dimmy illuminating white walls. He walks to the corner. He looks behind.

Dwarves, wererats and his companions focus away from the corner. One or two rats peering at him stare away and stare at the wall an stare at the one they speark with. 

Shake faces the corner and loosens the rope around pants. then pees.

Pressure focus and flows out on the white wall. The urine dims the white illumincation that is soon lost by the rise of the wooden lift.

Shake pees and looks over shoulder seeing no one pointing or staring or moving toward him. He holds the desire to moam. He smiles instead.

A jolt.

One of the wall indents and two huge iron doors appear. 

The landing to the stone platform to the iron doors lowers.

Shake stares at the relieve of a tree carved into the iron door.

The floor stop moving. The floor is even with the stone landing to the iron doors.

The pee sprays on Shake. The pee spreads on wall.

The wheel above the landing and between Shake and the doors
turns. 

Shake looks behind and sees most staring his direction. He looks at the door and hears and sees the door slowly begin to part. He pushes a foces against his bladder making the stream strong.

A low graon fills the chamber.          

Dwarves and rats look at past Shake and at the doors.

The doors slowly spread revealing a flame light stone hall.

A group of dwarves and hybrid wererats stand in armor watching the doors spread. They skin and armor show the same dull grime covering the dwarves and rats resting on the lift. Their shoulders are slumped and eyes set a gaze before them. 

A few dwarves sitting on the lift stand and walk around dwarves and rats to the landing to the dwarves. There are hugs and pats on back as they talk.

The doors stop. 

Dwarves point and stare at Shake. Two armored dwarves walk between the doors and toward shake as the crowd of dwarves and rats walk on the the lift.

Shake drips pee then shakes pee on the wall.

Dwarve and rats walk on to the lift and find spaces on the floor. They sit and lay. They scratch heads and rub shoulders.

Soft talk and murmurs fill the the shaft.

Shake ties off trousers. 

A tap on shoulder is.

Shake looks behind. 

Two dwarves stand and stare at Shake. One speaks low and steady sounds with stops and starts and stops abrupt and sudden and smooth when spoken.

,,I don't speak dwarvish," says Shake. He turns around and stands before the pee spot.

One dwarf points to the pee stain on the wall. The other pivots head. 

Five dwarves part the mass of dwarves walking from the stone hall onto the wood lift and walk toward Shake

,,At least our body language comes from the same herd," says Shake. He steps from the pee stained wall. 

The group of five dwarves laugh. 

Shake walks and looks behind.

the five dwarves point at the pee stain, shak heads and point at shake while laughing. The follow their laugh to the wheel and turn the wheel until the door is shut.

Shake steps over a sleeping were rat then to a spot next to Minst.

Kirra looks up from bow and says, ,,Do you feel relieved?" She smiles.

Shake smiles. ,,Yes. I do."

Kirra sees one from the group of dwarves turing the wheel to shut door. ,,An admire approaches."

Shake looks back. Minst looks at the dwarf then at Shake.

,,What did you do?" says Minst. He looks down at thread and needle and pulls the needle through the sack and the peice of leather. 

,,I pissed on wall." Shake stands and grabs a knife. "Too much wine." He pulls knife from sheath and turn in to hide blade between forearm and hip.

The dwarf wearing armor and holding a war hammar walks to Shake.

Shake grips knife, says, ,,What you got there Minst?"

Minst slips his finger between the piece of leather and the sack. ,,A pocket." Minst looks at MInst for components. He sees Shake glancing at the dwarf and the hand with the knife shaking. He looks at Shakes and pivots head.

The dwarf walk behind Shake, picks up the metal stick and strikes the bell then walk away smirking and laughing at Shake.

Shake release hold on dagger handle.

The dagger hilt falls to the ground.

Shake grabs dagger blade tip with index finger and thumb.

Minst looks at Shake's hand and dagger. He looks and stares at shake, pivots head side to side.

Shake smiles. flips the dagger. The dagger twirls up. Shake catches the hilt of the dagger and slides it inside sheath. ,,What's the pocket?"

The ropes groan and the floor moans. 

The floor rises. 

Grun stirs in sleeps. His snore stops. He snorts then snores.

Minst looks from Grun to Shake. ,,I pocket for spell components. I reason I will increase speed and acurracy if I have three or four small pockets to hold the spells I have in mind." He pulls on needle and pushes needle tip through leather piece and sack."

Shake sits. His hand shakes. He hides it in pocket. ,,Is it difficult."

,,Sewing," says Minst glancing at Shake.

Shake says, ,,No. Spell creating."

Minst pulls needle inside bag then pokes it through. ,,To begin, I found it difficult." He sews. "After time I found how I see the patterns and shapes in the writings. Once I find your pattern in a spell then I can begin to alter its shape with the patterns and perfect the casting."

,,How long have you caste spells?" says Shake.

Minst watches the needle and thread go through the sack. ,,Four years. Only cantrips at first."

,,Cantrips," says Shake, "Like sneeze and chill and burp."

Minst nods and watches needle and thread. ,,Yes. I always liked smile." Minst glances at Shake then thread.

,,Is it easy to learn cantrips?" says Shake.

,,It's not easy. It can be done with practice," says Minst. He peers at titch and shakes his head. "Off..." He mutters then pokes the needle through the leather. 

Shake watch the needle push through, say, ,,Can you teach me?"

Minst laughs.

,,What's funny?" snaps Shake. His voice fast and shakey like his hand. He clutches a dagger strapped on thigh with hand in pocket.

Minst stares at the aim of the needle. ,,Once you learn cantrips you will want to learn more." Minst looks up at Shake. His smile fades as he sees Shake shaking and tense. "Next thing you are a Bard and singing spells like Carlos."

Shake relaxes and smiles. ,,Yeah."

Minst nods. ,,Can you read?"

,,I can cipher?" say Shake.

Minst looks at the needle and pokes it though leather. ,,With focus, you will learn cantrip."

,,What can I do to begin?" Shake pulls a steady had from pocket.

,,Read." Minst nods at William. "Maybe william has some songs or tales. Maybe even a few cantrip scripts to read?" Minst looks at Shake. "William is to powerful a warroir to begin much of a Bard."

Shake peers at Minst and points at William. ,,He's got more mind than you."

Minst nods. ,,And a gift to lead." He stares at Shake. "It is not the lack of mind. It his ability to lead and fight that is needed that sings the swan song of William's desire to be a Bard."

Shake grins. ,,That's pretty good."

,,It's no Carlos the Barded Dwarf," says Minst sewing.

,,Or William," says Shake. "He can charm the ladies with a song."

Minst sews, and Shake watches.

William snores. Willaim lays still. William is on the bareback of Buckey riding through threes and wind. The ride over a white wide granite path up a hill and along a hill side. The red and orange leaves rustle and fly as Buckey's hoofs. 

The gallops hits in stride with rush of river and a distant waterfall. It push the wind past the cold to warm...

A warm spread from Myst to William.

Myst feels the cold of the trees from William to Myst spread through the energy 
passing from Reighn to Myst.  She feels the sharp pains of Spear. She feels the focus of Minst. She feels withdrawals of Shake. She feels the meditation of Jan. She feels the steady inspection of Kirra pulling on her bow string. 

Kirra pulls back on bow string. 

The bow bends and sends even tension. 

Kirra slowly relaxes the pull on the bow string. She looks at the tips. She looks at Shake and Minst looking at Minst sewing. 

She puts excess bow string into pack. She grabs her sewing kit and salve bar of Jan's and an pear. 

The pears suface brused and covered with slime.

She wipes apple over leather sleeve then bits. She sets the apple on the wooden floor and chews.

She rolls looks at a cut in leather on her left forearm then unties the leater ties and rolls back the sleeve.

A cut spans a hand width. She grabs salve bar and scrubs it over the wound.

Her body remains calm as the pain spread and pikes from arm. Her body remains still as he pokes a threaded needled into flesh and begins to stitch.

Myst feels the pain from the needle sewing Kirra's skin then she feel no more. The song silence in Mysts mind. Her body slumps and lays in the wooden floor. Her head lays near William. 

Kirra, Minst, Shake look at Myst.

,,She good?" says Minst.

Shake shrugs. 

Kirra sees Myst breathing slow and steady. She sees her body muscle relaxed and skin tone pale. ,,She's good." He bites apple and looks at forearm and sews skin.

Minst sews a knot and puts need and thread in contian and contain in inside sack pocket. He put fingers in two pocket the width of two fingers. He pulls out five component packets from sack and slides three packet in one pocket and two packet in other pocket. Minst nods. ,,Components for a fire ball and one for dimensional door."

The ropes holding the lift groan. 

Another door passes from top to bottom. 

,,Will you show me what a spell looks like?"

Minst nods, and stretch a cramp from neck the stretch back lifting from a slouch. He takes his dagger and twists of the bottom.

Parchment falls to floor. 

Mist open the parchment. 

Angled symbols, words of common, colored inks, and drawings cover the parchment.

Minst points to the parchment. ,,This is a spell..."

Minst and Shake talk about the spell. Kirra listens while she sews her skin and cleans wounds. 

Jan, Myst, Spear, William swim through their minds.

Grun snores.

The floor lifts and lifts and lifts...

The floor stops.

Shake looks from the spell book and to the huge double doors.            

Circles, squares, triagnles flash red, blue, yellow from the white shining on the walls. The picture image of a waterfall near a forge etched into the surface of the huge door extends and fades. Circles, squares, triangles shine in red, blue, yellow.

Shake blinks and the shapes and colors fade. 

The white light is. 

Minst snaps fingers by Shakes ears. ,,SHAKE."

Shake presses eyelids. ,,Seeing colored shapes."

,,One begins to adapt." Minst smiles and looks at the doors the the bell. "Another level."

Grun snorts and sniffs and sits up and stretch arms. ,,We're here." Grun reaches and slasps and shake's William's foot. "Wake up sleeping knight."

William grabs sword hilt with gauntlet covered hand and rolls to a stand.

The sword slides from scabbard and arches to a strike.

Kirra leaps to a stand between Grun and William. ,,William," says Myst rubbing eyes.

William looks at Myst. Myst looks at her pack on her waist and ties the flap. She grabs her mace and stands and steps to Spear. 

Spear lays still. His chest slowly rises. Nose flares. Eyelids rest over eyes. 

Jan crawls to Spear and looks at cut on chest and arms. She peers at the skin around the bandage. ,,He'll live." She stands and throws pack over shoulder and sets staff end upon ground looking at the huge doors.

Dwarves and were rats wake and sit up. They pick up bones and put them in bag. The put away rags and attached cleaning armor. The morph from dwarf to rat and rat to dwarf. They stands, stretch, yawn and lift hammars and picks above head then lower and talk and stare at the huge doors.

,,How are we going to move Spear?" says Minst.

Grun snorts and clears throat. ,,Lift him." He steps behind bell and walks by the bell. "Remain here. I will return to lead you out."

Shake looks at Minst. ,,And if we move our herd?" He looks to William.

,,They will round us up and put us in a pen," says William.

,,Maybe," says Shake. He drinks from the carrafe of wine. He wiggles wrist loosening the dagger sheath moving the dagger hilt to palm. 

William looks at Kirra. ,,Thank you for bringing for a mad mind to this reality."

Kirra nods she grabs an apple and two bundles wrapped in leaves and puts them in pack. She picks up quiver and bow and straps them over back. He sword and dagger hang sheathed on hips. ,,I will grab his legs."

Minst grabs his sack and opens it. ,,I can try to levitate him. Then we need only push."

Jan pulls wool robe over body and ties of the two ropes hanging from part. ,,Less movement is better." She pulls hood over head. William looks down at Spear, ,,As long as we don't tell him." He looks at Minst and forces a smile. "We should try to levitate the body. If it wears before our arrival at our destination the we will demand a stretcher." 

A groan and maon and the grind of gears fill the large room.

The doors slowly part. An opening wides. White glowing brink and morter wall taller than mature trees widens as the huge double doors spread open.

The growin wall spreads to two white glowing round towers capped with cones. 

Dwarves stand along the top of the wall between the cones of towers and aim cross bows over ledge to a clear courtyead illumincated with the glow of the walls and towers.

The court is dirt flat and spaning from huge doors to the wall. 

The doors separate. 

The wall angle from towers and span to the sides of the opening. 

The doors stop.

The dwarves and wererats walk from the lift's floor to the dirt ground. Low mumbling and quiet laughed and heard. The dwarves walk rubbing shoulders and stretching necks acoss the dirt court yard into the one of five doors sihlouttes doors dim agains the bright white wall. Dwarves form five columns and stand.

The dwaves on top of the wall hold aim of arrow tips at the huge doors and opening to the lift shaft.

The last dwarf steps from the lift and steps in a line. 

,,Now I know what is like to be a black sheep," says Shake.

,,Are you sure this is the first time?" says Myst.

Grun steps from the a line of dwarves and walk on to the lift. ,,MY FRIENS," 
says Grun cheerfull.

,,This can't be good," says Kirra.

Grun claps and clasps his hands together. He steps and stands before the group. ,,For the coming time, and until a celebration for Ton life during the coming time vein, we ask you remain inside confines of the Dragon Lift Keep until the the sections council leader has confrense with the other leaders." Grun inhales and exhales and looks from William. "This is a formality we have for new arrivals. I hoped before arriving the council would have completed the communication cycle, but my hopes exceed the hour of sleep that is."

,,No," says Shake.

William glances at Shake then Grun. ,,We are at your mercy and are obviously no condition to refuse." William looks back to Myst then to Grun.

A group of full plate armored dwarves march in two colums from the the side of the doors and on to the lift.

,,I am apologize for any inconvience this may create for you." Grun looks at the dwarven column.

,,You need not apologize," says Myst. "We thank you for helping us. We will gladly do what is required to allow us to continue on our journey."

Kirra nods. Jan stares at the marching armor dwarves.

The dwarves march in step. The column splits around the group.

,,We only want to leave," says Kirra. "Our destination is beyond the walls of here."

Grun nods. ,,The council will meet. They will talk. They will find a path."

The split column of dwarves walk around the group.

William looks to Myst. Myst nods. William looks at Grun. ,,Do you have platform to carry are friend.

Grun nods. The dwarves marching stop in a circle around the companions. Four, carrying a wide and long platform with handles, step to Spear and stand.

,,Come," says Grun. "I believe you will find the area to wait will be of comfort and calm."


