,,Please, follow me," says Grun.

Four dwarves grab Spear's legs and arms. 

William and Kirra step, and William clenches sword hilt.

Myst holds William. ,,They know what the are doing, William."

,,So do I," says Kirra.

She steps and kneels and holds Spears head and shoulder and slides Spear to the flat board with handles. 

Spear lays still. His sweat sticks to Kirra's hands now warm hands. 

,,He hot," says Kirra. "We need to cool him."

The four dwarves nod and lift Spear.

Grun looks at a dwarf near Grun. The dwarf nods and lifts a  horn hungy from neck. 

The horn encrusted with jewels is lifted to mouth.

Big cheeks inflate then blow. 

Horn blows a low honk twice quick and then one long fading blow. The horn blow echoes. 

Grun nods. ,,A doctor will meet us in the room." Grun waves a hand.

The dwarves step in sequence. Their step stomps the floor.

William, Myst, Kirra, Jan and MInst walk with Spear and the circle of dwarves surrounding.

Shake stands and folds arms. 

Dwarves bump Shakes and walk around Shake.

Grun says, ,,You may remain in the lift and wander the cisterns for a life time if you wish."

Shake's arms fall, and Shake steps behind the the circle of dwarves with a center of William, Myst, Kirra, Jan and MInst. ,,And if I remain out of the circle while walking from the lift?"

Grun laughs. ,,You will be full of arrows and dead."

,,Shake," says William. "I am not delievering your dead body to your mom."

The crossbows shift position to point arrow tips at Shake.

Shake steps, bumps two dwarves and pushes into circle as his foot falls upon dirt. ,,You know who my mom is?" says Shake.

,,I told him," says Grun.

Shake laughs, snorts. He looks back at the two bumped dwarves. He walks to William.

William peers at Shake then at the dwarves with crossbows.

The circle of dwaves march in step behind the five lines quequing from the five doors. 

Dwaves stare at the circle as it passes until a question or a moving line focused attention forward.

Small dirt puffs follow the steps then settle upon the solid and flat stone suface. The stone floor.

Jan's staff hits the stone with echo. She looks at Myst. ,,The wax need not be." 

Myst pulls wax from nose. 

Smoke and sage blow through the cold light air. Rot and decay frume from bodies. Fumes blow and dispearse.

Myst smiles.

William and Minst pull out wax from nose. 

,,Do you want the wax?" says Minst.

Jan's smile shines from the dark and light from the shaft. ,,No." 

,,And don't be thowing it on the ground," says Grun.

William, Myst and Minst roll the wax in balls and stuff them in pockets.

A low groand and a pressure moan announces the movement of the huge doors. 

,,Where is the room?" says William.

The white illumination dims.

Grun points arm and finger  to one of the wall towers. ,,At the top." He nods. "There is a balcony to look over bizaar and foundries." He shurgs. "It could be you my see the trash depot from the Deep."

,,The Deep?" says Minst. He pushes his sack behind back.

The white illumination dims.

,,The rest of the dwarven nation," says Grun. "Be it only be this nation."

,,How many mountains does this dwarven nation live?" says William.

Darkness spreads over the illumination.

A low boom and a soft vibration spread through stone ground.

William, Myst, Minst look behind at the huge doors seeing on darkness.

,,Seven," says Grun.

The dwarves march in a perfect circle over the stone ground to the stone wall to double doors in the center of a wall betwee two towers.

The stone wall flush to the stone ground. The wall rising straight and true above to the arrow tips and helmet covered dwaver heads peering down.

The dwarven circle hits the wall and walks along the wall until a small semi-circle around William, Minst, Myst, Kirra, Jan and Shake.

Grun stands before the stone wall.

Radiance as dim as dust shines over the wall casting dark sihlouttes of the wall and dwarves waiting in line.

,,May Minst caste a light spell?" says William. "I am unable to see with darkness."

Grun pulls out a small ball and snaps finger. 

The ball glows casting dim light beyond the semi-circle of the dwarves and up the wall.

Concentric circles and squares and waving lines flowing over the wall surface creating trees, rocks and a raging river. The lines flow over bumps and holes that are rocks and knotts of trees. The lines flow around a stone craving of a dwarf lifting a pick and a hammar. The lines and images and scene of stone dwarves seeming stuck to the wall in mid swing of axe, hammer and stone to ground. 

,,Wow," says Minst. "Is this one piece of stone."

Grun nods, says, ,,Most." He grabs the hamar and pick of the stone carved dwarf
and pulls. 

The stone dwarf splits in half swing smooth and silent.

The light pushes back darkness between the dwarf stone door into a hallway.

,,Follow me, please," says Grun. He steps into the hallway.

The light pushes the shadows back.

The lines and swirl, twirl and cover the walls drawing scenes of stars and clouds. Stars carved from stone are etech from the  celing and the floow a smooth cold stone.

Mint and mildew fill the mind.

Myst steps behind Grun.

William stops and steps from the entrance. ,,I will follow Spear."

The four dwarves holding Spear on platform walk past and intot the hall. The shoulders of the dwarves hit wall brushing over a relief image of two towers reaching from base to hall ceiling. Each tower a spiral with miniature dwarves pulling stone slaps to the top.

Shake steps past William and into the hall.

William ducks head and soulders and follows Shake.

Minst bends over and steps to hall. His shoulers and back of head brush the relief carved stars.

Jan puts hand onw all and runs hands and fingers of over the clines and over the relief clouds and stars and the two towers to the ceing. She stands and looks at Kirra. 

Kirra stands at the entrance and scans the standing line of dwaves, the walls and the crossbow pointing dwarves.

The lines to the five doors now only a few dwaves standing and starring at Kirra and the dwarves.

Kirra looks and steps into hall stooping low.

The light pushes further.

Stone stairs climb spiral.

Relief and pictures between the swirling and flowing lines carve into wall creating flowing rivers, buildings and houses raising to the ceiling covered with relief clouds and stars.

Grun, Spear, the four dwarves, Shake, Minst, Myst, William, Jan and Kirra walk up the spiral stairs and look at the images and scenes show along with walks and ceiling.

Jan's had cirlces and follows lines smiling at the detail of a group of minature dwarves hand in hand and dancing on a clouds.

William hits head on a star and rubs forehead. He looks up and watches the four dwarves lift to keep Spear level. He looks at Myst an stares.

Msyts steps and stares at a relief protruding inches from wall of an dwarf holding a hammar and a pick with heads resting on the ground.

,,This is beautiful," says Myst.

Grun glances back and nods. He climbs stairs, ,,It was done by a group of artisan group call the Haven's Point. The carved many of the walls in this area."

,,Haven," says William. "I have heard of Haven."

,,God of Protection," says Grun. "This is their ideas of the descend to the God and the Great Mount."

,,Are these stairs lifting us to heavan," sneers Shake.

Grun steps silent.

The light leads.

Grun steps and stands before a plaftorm adn before a dwarf wearing armor with arms extending. One hand holds a pick and the other hand holds a hammar. "The Gods and the mount. No." He grabs the hammar and the pick and pulls.

The dwarf slit and opens into the wall filing a a reces of rock on itsides. It opens revealing darkness.

Grun smiles and tosses the sphere into the darkness.




