Myst's throat vibrations and mouth whistles blow from Kirra's, Spear's and William's minds.

White lights shines through Spear's Nest. It shines through the golden globs, and through walls and floor through the nest..

Love sees to all, >Every time is fight time, so you will see this every light. White light will remain bright during light. You will sleep together. You will follow Spear. Spear is the pack leader. You will follow Spear to gather. You will follow Spear to eat. You will follow Spear to train. You will follow Spear to eat. You will fight. You will eat. You will play. You will sleep.''

William stands as Spear wakes and walks from nest. 

Kirra sits with eyes closed and mind thinking nothing. She wipes wounds with wet white sheet and ties white sheet around a cut over leg.

William rubs a bandage wrapped around arm and leg. He smears a cream over cuts and burises. 

Love's feeling of sooth flows from William and Spear and Kirra.

,,Myst,'' says Kirra.

>|You no talk,< sees love.

Talk thought fades from Kirra's mind.

Spear walks from the nest. William follows spear.

Spear walks along hall. William follows Spear.

Kirra stands, says, ,,Love.'' She stands and follows Spear watching halls and doors.

Warriors and workers stand and move. They group. They glance, but do not stare. Hands hang by hilts and shafts.

Spear leads William and Kirra at the pace of human and half-elf jog through halls five strides wide, two William's tall and a grid.

The Spiral stairs up and down at the intersection of halls. Six doors one William wide spand between the hall intersections.

The halls are decroated with furs then rugs then paint. The rugs and fur and paint mix.

White light shines through the cracks.

Spear leads William and KIrra along halls of fur and rugs with some wood planks spanning hall.

Bread crums, bones with meat, chunks of fat, molded chees bits pile before doors to rooms. Dried grapes, bruised banas lay. 

Spear sniffs piles and picks bits of cheese. He nipples here and here. He tosses bread pieces, chees bits, and grabes and fruits skin toward Kirra and William.

A few warriors wearing shining bracers and helms sit on chairs in hall. Toss bits of food to ground. The eat and look at everything at once with a stare that look away. 

Spear sniffs at the food piles and ests.

One of the warriors with beard and breaded with jewels. His muscles cut with size and blade. Scares spred from mouth over cheek when he smiles and says, ,,It is Spear.''

Spear squeaks and eats and piles food.

William looks at the small piles fo Spear.

Kirra takes handfuls and eats.

William feels loves voice, <|Eat, William.> William heats pits of melon and bread. He walk was from piles and heats.

A few warriors tosse plate tops to piles and walk into homes.

A few warriors with whites heets and dented armor pick and eat from piles.

Three gnomes whearing blue aprons and dark hid body suit scoop piles of food into a glass bolws on glass wheels.

The pack eats along the hall never stopping for a swallow, bite or scoop. Spear sniffs, eats and piles. Kirra and Willima follow and heat.

Spear finds rope and ties it around leg. She palls a bit bunch fur and tucks in under rope.

Spear runs the halls of wood, fur and rugs up the spiral stares and along the halls.

Kirra and William follow Spear. Kirra's should and leg feels a thump with a few jolts of pain. Williams chest and head throb with the bounce of step. Spear feels to want to limp from left hind leg, but was.

Cuts and bruises over bodies numb. A few new bandages over wrists, hip and leg bleed red.

Sweat spreads. Breathes breath steady.

Kirra runs near silent.

The run through halls and stairs. They run past sitting and stand warriors stretching. They run past the nest. They run past other running warriors. 

They leap over two wrestling.

Warriors not and spear. A few say, ,,IT IS SPEAR.''

William feels to pee and feels the weight weigh on the run. 

The pack runs while William looks for a place to pee. He counts the halls to the halls from the nest to the baths. 

They run the halls.
 
A line to the bath hall spans hall and parts.

William slows and shouts with breath heaving, sweat dripping. ,,Pee.''

Love sees, >|You no talk.<

Spear runs then slows scamper feeling William away. He stops and looks at William. Spear pisses on hall and scampers away. 

,,NO PISSSING IN HALL,'' small human weharing the waste of full plate with a breast plate for a shield. 

Kirra looks at William. She steps after Spear, and she pees. 

Pee spreads thorugh close and down leg with sweat and bood.

William hold force to pee and runs. The up and down stairs and over rugs. Then the pain of pee burst from William as hear runs leaving drops of urine to spread and follow.

With lungs tired and straightend. After runn a cube of halls and near the halls near the bottom of hte cube of halls full of whites sheets.

White sheets fight beyond the glass floor. Six pits span far beneth the floor. Warriors and gladiators, a few gnomes in thick hide body suits, lay on the glass and watch. 

Bowls of glass dip.

Crowds stand around couples and groups wrestling and kicking.

William sees on of the two huge hairy humans who raped him. He stands with a group of men all linked around and chasing a ball as it rolls around a bowl.

Gladiators stand in rows and columsn and follow kicks and punches of a tall id with an eye patchs. 

The id's gray rope is tied with black rope around body as it kicks.
 
The rows and columns of gladiators kick.

Spear and Kirra walk around grous running, tumbling around bowls. Sweaty and dirty warriors wrestle in the center of bowls. Limbing soldiers sit and watch the white sheet fight below.

Spear leads Kirra and William to a bowl with a ball at the bottom.

The bowl is twelve leaps wide and about a William deep.

The ball is as big as Kirra's head.

Spear walks to the center of bowl and grabs the ball with palm. She steps to side then tosses ball into center.

Kirra leaps into the center. She grabs the ball.

William says, ,,By-''

Love sees to William  before other words can form. >|You no talk. You take ball. You remove ball. You win.<

Kirra steps and twist and steps to top.

Spear leaps at Kirra grabbing a legs and she turns and slides now, shakes from Spear's hold as William steps and grabs her.

She releases the ball.

William grabs the ball and runs to the other side of the bowl and is tackled by Spear then Kirra. Kirra pulls the ball from one armed grasp of William and steps to top.

She toses the ball in center of bowl.

Spear leaps from edge into bowl at the ball.

William and Kirra follow.

They play with ball and bowl. Sweat drips. Saliva sprays. Blood spreads through wraps and bandages. They play ball longer than the run. The dogge and leap and wrestle. They dodge.

The like a command given, Spear drops the ball and leaves the bowl.

William and Kirra watch Spear leave.

William follows Spear. 

Kirra breaths and holds thumping shoulder. She follows William and Spear.

Spear leads William and Kirra up spiral stares and through halls to the nest.

Spear pusehs and thread twine around wool around stray around fur strans around brains around leater tastles around dagger around nest.

Willima dumps a bundle of food in white sheet.

They eat grabs, pits of cheese with some mold, crusts of bread.

They drink from jugs.

Spear spread ball of fur through nest and spreads the nest and weaves some rope around a bundle of sticks to the nest spreading inot the hall. 

The nest spreads with bits of fabric from dead warriors. it spread with stray and fuss of hair and fur.

They eat pits of food. 

William swallows, says, ,,How-''

Before the next word is Spoke, Love sees to all. >|You think with mind. You do not speak. You do not think. You eat, you train, you sleep. You fight. Now you fight.<

Spear swallows food and pushs a pit of leather into the nest then walks the halls.

Kirra sits and rubs the throbing shoulders, chews, watch Spear leave.

William stands and walks after Spear Spear walks down the ahll then circle arounds the front of the room.

William follows.

Spear walks past Kirra and back into the nest.

Willliam walks after Spear and toward the hall.

Love sees to all their minds, >You fight for life every sixth life. You fight for control every light.< Love sees words only to William, >William, if you want to lead you pack you must to Spear out of the nest and make it yours.<

William feels warm and sooth bliss spread though burning lungs, stinging cuts, itching scab on back and burises feel like tickles and rubs. 

William steps toward the nest.

Kirra says, ,,No, William. No need to fight outselves.''

A loud ring spreads through Kirra's minds.

Kirra falls to the ground and presses hands to hears. Her body tesnses all muscles. Her teeth clench!

Then the pain is gone.

>|You no talk,< sees Love's thoughts.

Williams stands and sits outside of the nest and next to Kirra. He stares and breathes and listens, watches, breathes.

Kirra rolls to side then slowly sits against wall. She checkes cuts and pulls tie of bandage to slow leeping on arm. 

They sit and sits.

Gladiators walk past. 

Love sees to all, >|You may play. Play is anything you want evern talk then you will sleep.<

Spear licks wounds, cleans, weaves nests and walks around the halls. He eats.

William sits and stares trying to hear for a vibration or whistle. He watches people roll bones and trade jewels.

Kirra spreads psalms and sharpens knives, tosses knife into nest.

,,How many pack's fights for death?'' says Kirra.

Love sees, >Thirty-nine fights.<

Then William hears the vibrations and whistles.

The lights dim.

Mysts throat vibrations and mouth whistles sing through their minds and bodies calming the heart and beating it with mind and breath...



