Runtik focus a purr and push through purr with thoughts that Guile feels. Runtik pulls cart along silt covered glass and rock road through sand waves. Runtik says with her soft bass voice,  ,,I was born in Lovetik.''

Runtik speaks through the purr of the Mind Trust of Love. ''Lovetik is a Drum of the Tyranium Domain. The Tyranium Domain is to the Rise of this Road.'' Her voice speaks soft bass that sooths like a purr. ''Lovetik is a farm Drum that suports a large drum call Ringtik.''

,,Ringtik,'' says Guile.

,,Ringtik,'' says Runtik. ''See my mind and know Ringtik if the largest of the Drums of Tryranium. Loveitk is a small drum. It is a farm drum that supports four mind drums.'' She pulls over a spread of sand.

William grabs a side of the cart and pushes. 

,,I was born in a manor that controls farm land. I was given to love to become a robe. I was both tax payment and chosen. I crew up on the Robe School near the five points. Five points is the only intesection in town. it has the pub, the market house, army barracks, and constible. The miller, blacksmith and priest have stores inside town, but they're always out.''

Runtik pulls for a bit and says, ''I was given to Lovetik to become a robe. I was taught the ways of the mind. I was taught rules and customs of our domain and the empaire. I learned accounting system, book keeping. I learned from the age nine to age twelve the system of the robe. I walked with the constible to record tax collection, troop states and crop yield. I never seen love after the first day until the day I was taken from Lovetik to Tyranium.''

Runtik pulls. Guile feels the purr flow with Runtik's story. He flows into the story and feels the calculation of the numbers past. He sees and feels her mind begin to arrange and order sense data as he reads her mind.

The cart wheels stop spinning and slide as Runtik yanks on the poles of the cart.

William and Spear push on the back of the cart, and hte cart rolls and slides along the road.

,,I left after being raped and attacke the rapist. I was recording inventroy in the barracks. The constible left with the commander for spirits. I was counting short swords and small shields. I was attacked by soldiers. I was raped. I felt nothing. I remmeber nothing. I woke to three dead guards and pain. I woke with Lovetik standing in the storage room in the Army barracks.''

''Lovetik had been summosed by the general and constible, and she appeared.'' Runtik grunts a bit as she pulls the cart through sand. ''One of the three guards had lived. The guard that lived confessed to the rape. He told Lovetik it had been requested. He said his mind had been controlled and told to stab the other two. The other two stabbed at him. They screamed as I screamed. They felt rage and stabbed the other.'

Runtik pulls the cart. ,,I had taken over their minds during the chaos. The one living soldier when mad and attacked the other out of jealously. Lovetik killed the general, and I was sent with the constible to Tyranium.''

''I lived inside the Mind Institute from the age of thirteen to sixteen. I was unable to trained. I found more fun in leaving the Mind Institute for the alleys and game houses. The numbers and the learned methods at the Mind Institute were used to play dice and number. I was caugh found truant. I remain in class until I won too much.''

''it was a numbers game of a twenty. I knew the odds and the opponents answers. I won. I was found and beat. My mind again thrust itself to the mind around. This time no one died. Love was told. She gave me my robe and sent em with the trains to gnomesidy.''

Runtik pulls a bit and says with her soft bass voice. ''I have travelled from Tyranium to Gnomsidy for four years. I have pushed carts, hauled pack and ran from packs of worgs.''

,,Lovetik has met with me four times. The time in Lovetik when she left with me from my families manor. The day in hte amry barracks when I was raped. The night of the fight after gambling. Ten cycles ago when she told to find you.''

She pulls many steps with William and Spear pushing through a large ripple of sand over the road. 

The wind gusts.

,,Why us?'' says William. ''We have no guantlet. We have paid our dept. We have been told we are free.''

Guile snorts, says louder than a gust of wind and sand. ,,Because your steel hand, William. You are special. All the rest...''

,,The steel hand is a mark of having worn the glove.'' Runtik's feet sleep and in sand.

William grunts out as he pushes. ,,And they die to get it off.''

,,I was never told.'' She steps and pulls. ''You are not the first Steel Hand I have lead from the Tyranium.''

,,Steel hand,'' says William. ''How many?''

,,I have guided two others to Oasis,'' says Runtik.

,,When?'' says William.

,,I began transporting steel to oasis. I read minds. I spied. I stole. I did what was need to get the steel across the desert. I walked to and from Oasis twetny times until I walked with a steel hand. We left from Oasis to Tyranium. We were attacked by worgs and warriors in the desert. The steel hand was taken. I ran. All others died. I reported the incident. I was given another train to follow and report upon.''

,,Be this the first time you have played the thief to become part of another's caravan,'' says William.

,,I have done this before,'' says Runtik with a force of her pull and pull.

Spear and William push.

,,What more do you know of the steel hand?'' says William after pushing the cart from the long sand ripple and spill over the tall galss wall far on the other side of the road.

,,I know nothing of the steel hand,'' says Runtik. ''I know only the other Steel hand was taken to Tyrinum. I returned to Oasis then Gnomsidy.''

,,Do you know where you guide me?'' says William.

,,I am to lead you to Oasis. We decided to leave th train for there were many that feared you hand. All hated you for being human.'' Her voice raises from bass to alto and quicken. ''We didn't trust the result. We left.''

,,And if we walk around Oasis?'' says Spear. He pushes.

Runtik pulls. ,,Lovetik or the Orders or the Army will find you before you reach the Sand Coast. Lovetik finds you. You live. The Orders finds you. You die. The Army finds you then you will be a slave. I have heard even Branching seeks a steel hand for the profit.''

,,Steel hand?'' says Spear. ''Why?'' 

Runtik says, ,,I know not. I do not question Lovetik.''

Guile sneezes and flows through the purr of Runtik's mind. He sees to her. >Why is it called Lovetik,< then he says, ,,Why is it called Lovetik?''

,,The names of towns were once named for those that found the towns. YOu know our names are like surface talk with sound of the goblins click or clack. The tik or tak. Lovetik was found by Lovetik. The founder died. A new leader was given the title and control of the drum. Tunneltik, Lovetik, Bowltak are controlled by the Drum Ringtik. Ringtik is large, but not as large of Tyrnium.''

,,Why is it named Tyrinium? And not Selltik?'' says Guile.

,,Helix and Tyrinium are anchient heroes who found the binary cities. They discovered the coal, limestone, granite and ore. They found both the cities. The story is told Helix became a zelot while Tyrinium became and enigineer.''

Guile says, ,,Lovetik is a title. Are all names titles?''

,,Do you know Senator Ring?'' says Myst.

,,I have only felt him inside the Mind Trust,'' says Runtik

Guild says, ,,You are not the only Runtik,''

,,There are hundres if not thousands with the name Runtik,'' says Runtik. ''I am the only Runtik Lovetik of Tyrinum.''

,,Love is a patron, a mayor and matron.'' William stands to full hight and pushes against back of cart.

The cart rolls over silt covered glass road.

Guile flows through the purr of Runtik's mind trust. Her words and emotions flow and shift. Thoughts flow through the hive. Guile sees. >YOu see with Love?<

>I do not seen with Love,< sees Runtik.

Guile sees, >Who do we meet in Oasis?<

As Guile sees to Runtik, William says, ,,Who do you lead us, too?''

Runtik sees to Guile. >We meet John of the Goblinkin.< She says, ,,We go to Oasis.''

,,Why not Oasistik,'' says Willliam. ''Or Gnomesidytak?'' William snorts humor and shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ''Names are...''

Runtik smiles. ,,Between the Orders, Army and the Trusts, reason change from domains to domes to drums.''

Guile sniffs, focuses on the pain in anckle. Pain spreads through body and mind. The purr of the mind trust calms, fades and becomes pain. Guile sniffs, says, ,,Kill her,'' he puts goggles over eyes, scarf over face and walks along.

,,Does she speak the truth, Guile?'' says William.

,,She speaks a truth she believes in mind and body,'' says Guile with a muffled voice. He pulls the wrap tight.

,,Why do they want the Steel Hands?'' says Spear.

Runtik pulls and steps. 

The glass and stone road rolls flata long a lower sand wave that creats agains sand stone to the Wax. Sand spreads at a slot to with Wane. The road flows to the Rise.

Runtik says, ,,I am only Runtik Lovetik of Tyrinium.'' She stesp. ''I only know rumor.''

,,What rumor,'' says William.

,,The rumor.'' He sniffs. Her bass soft voice raises pitch with. ''Well...'' Then her hight voice as in a soft whispy voice like a ghost moan. ''Weeeeellll...'' She smiles and says with voice calm and steady. ''It is believed the steel fist is required to break the philachary that only a steel fist can break.''

,,Whose philarcary?'' says William.

Guile says, ,,You great great great great grandmother the illusion lich living some where under adn between Helix and Tyrinum.'' He spits.

Runtik says, ,,I know nothing of relation. I know there was a hugoblin in the ocean desert in the Lino Domain sent to Tyrinum. I know there have been ten known steel hands. One was an elf. Or so I have heard.''

,,Where do they go?'' says Myst.

,,Tyrinum,'' says Runtik. ''The steel hands are lead to Tyrinum.''

,,What then?'' says Wililam. ''What become of the steel hnads.''

,,I am only Runtik Lovetik of Tyrinium. I know only Love.''

Myst says, ,,You know Senator Ring.''

,,Senator Ringtik is have heard seen through the Mind Trust.'' Runtik pulls. ''Senator Ringtik is like a rumor.''

,,What do you receive for shipping us to Oasis?'' says Guile.

,,I am seen deeper into the Mind Trust,'' says Runtik. ''I am closer to Lovetik.''

Runtik pulls the cart along a smooth slow down along the wide class road. 

The wind blows. Sand stings. 

The pack covers their mouths and faces. They tighten their goggles. 

They jog.

Spear and William and Kirra help push the cart or run with weapons in hands. Myst hums and hand holds and taps a jog beat with her hand. Guile heaves and breaths, steps with the quick pace of Myst's drums.

The glass and stone roads slopes down along a plant of hard dirt and shurbs. Shrubs caste moon light shadows. They quiver with gust and wind.

The pack jogs over the road with the spinning wheels of the cart.

Guile slows. His lungs burn and heat aches as his mind and feet want to run with the drum beat pace.     
                                                              
The drum beat pounds with Guile's heat and lungs. His heart and lungs sooth.

Runtiks arms burn as she grips and holds the poles and stares to a foci far along the glass road to the Rise.     
                                                     
They jog and jog until the moon shadows shift, and the drum pounds slow to taps. 

Wind blows, and sand stings. Fingers twist waterskin tops. Fingers pull apart the face wraps to stick the waterskin tips between lips. The drink.  
                    
Kirra untie the rope around the worg legs and tosses the worgs from the road. She leans against the wall and pisses and shits.        
                                 
Guile grabs a piss back and tries to pee inside. Pee flows the wind.

Runtik shouts, ,,WATER.'' She tugs arms and ropes.     

Myst pulls her waterskin from lips and puts the waterskin tip in Runtik's mouth. 

Runtik licks the tips, drinks, shouts, ,,GOOD.''

Myst shouts, ,,You need to empty water or waste?''

,,NO,'' Runtik nods donw. ''I'M TUBED FOR WATER.''

,,TUBED?'' shouts Myst.  

,,TUBED.'' shouts Runtik.

Wind gust and shouts through the wraps of cloth around heads.

Kirra stands and walks to Spear and William. ,,WE WALK UNTIL WE FIND CAMP! LIGHT SOON.''   
                                                                           
William shouts. ,,I AGREE WE SHOULD CONTINUE ONE.'' He looks over shoulder. ''WHAT ARE WE TO DO WITH RUNTIK?''

,,TIE TO CART. WATCH,'' says Kirra.

Spear shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

Kirra shouts. ,,I SCOUT. LOOK FOR CAMP!''

William and Spear shrug and nod head back. 

Kirra runs through the whipping wind.

William shouts. ,,KIRRA LOOKS FOR CAMP! WE MOVE!''

Runtik shouts. ,,I KNOW A PLACE TO SLEEP NEAR! THERE IS-''

William waves arm forward. ,,MOVE.''

,,I KNOW WHERE WE CAN SLEEP SAFE!'' shouts Runtik.

William pushes against the back of the cart with Spear.

Runtik stumps and falls then stands and pills the cart.

The cart rolls, and the wind blows while Kirra runs from the pack.

Kirra runs along the side of glass wall. 

Along the glass wall, a head taller than Kirra is tall. Kirra runs and looks to the other side peering through the night of an opening. 

Pieces of wall open. A few holes big enough to crawl through appear.

Kirra peers through the holes and seeing flat sage lang span. A few hills of sand rise. 

Kirra runs along the wall finding only holes. Then she run across the road and runs along the other side.

The wind pushes Kirra toward the wall. The wind blows up ramps of side that climb the glass wals anad blow over side.

Kirra runs the slop of sand, jumps and grabs top of wall and pulls self on top.

Wind blows, and Kirra finds balance.

The fading moon light castes light over flat land.

The flat lands spans to rock crops and shadows that look like rivers. 

Near the wall, between the cart that Kirra can't see, and Kirra is a wide dark the flows from the wall and over the land.

Kirra runs along the top of the wall while balancing against the wind, so she doesn't fall. 

The dark river flowing from wall becomea a shadow over a creaves.

A wide gap spans wall. 

Kirra leaps to other side, stands. Her night sights sees to the ground.

A deep creavas spans to a flat wide area. 

The gap in the side is covered with a sand slide that rises to the side of the road. The widith of the gap is twice as wide as the cart.

Kirra slips down the sand hill beyond the wall and sides bellow the road bed into a creavaes that spreads three leaps wide and ten long.

The sand wind sting until Kirra slides down the slop into the ceaves and its flat floor.

The creavas floor spans steps wide and long. A fire pit lays a circle of rocks. Sticks stick from side. The wall meet as the creavas spans to the Wax until they meet and spread create thought the desert ground.

Small bits of sand sprinkle.

Kirra peers around the hold searching for hives and nests finding none.

Kirra climbs up the sand slope that rises from teh hold, up the wall, over the gap and a slide down.

The cart rolls along the street.

Kirra shouts. ,,CAMP!''

A couple of the sihloueetes stop and draw blades. The blades lower as Spear and William step to Kirra.

Kirra shouts, ,,WALL BREAK. CREAVAS. PROTECT FROM WIND.'

Spear steps and pushes in the pile sand.

William shouts. ,,WHAT ABOUT THE CART.''

The cart pulls and rolls to the three warriors.

Runtik shouts. ,,A CAMP. CLOSE.''

Kirra shouts. ,,A CREAVAS OVER WALL.''

,,YOU LEAVE THE CART.'' shouts Runtik. ''CAMP AHEAD PULL CART!''

Kirra nods and shrugs head back. She walks long road.

Runtike leads. The pack follows. The cart rolls.

Sand and wind blows. it blows along the wide road. It seeps through the warps. It stings the hands.

They walk with heads down.

William shouts muffled. ,,WE SLEEP ON ROAD.''

Kirra shouts, ,,YOU FOLLOW RUNTIK.'' She points back. ''SAND TOO MUCH. WE GO BACK!''

,,FORWARD WE WALK,'' shouts Runtik. She shouts sings like on stage singing to a large audiunce. ''WE WALK. WE TALK. FOR SLEEP IS SOUGHT. WE WALK. WE WALK. ...WE RUN. WE FUN. FOR SLEEP IS NOUGHT. WE RUN. WE RUN. ...WE STRIDE. WE TRIED. FOR SLEEP IS FOUGHT. WE STRIDE. WE STRIDE.  ...WE WEEP. WE SEEK. FOR SLEEP IS BOUGHT. WE WEEP. WE WEEP...'' Runtik's stride widens, and cart rolls behind. She repeats the words in cacadence with her stride march along the road.

Her shouts repeat with a pace louder than the strong in gusts.

Myst hums with her chant. Guile steps with her change. William and Spear help push the cart after he chants.

The wind blows and gust, but don't quiet a lust of sound and shouts that comes from Runtik's voice. 

Myst's song thumps drum with Runtik's face. The thumps of drums pound against the wind and sand.

The wind blows aroun the pack creating a circle of calm. 

The sand falls. Their feet find the ground. The cart rolls.

Runtik leads the cart. She sees the sihloueets for rocks rise against from behind the wall. She quiets her chant and pace.

Myst hums, and the sphere of sound spreads out and pushes.

The song hums to silence. The wind blows the last durm thump away. The sand hits.

Runtik slows to a walk and stops. ,,THE ROCK MARKS THE HOLE IN WALL. IT IS NOT A LARGE CAMP. NO LIGHT SHINES.''

,,MOVE,'' shouts Kirra.

Runtik pulls on poles and wrist straps. ,,THERE COULD WE WORGS OR THIEVES IN THE CAMP!''

,YOU LEAD. YOU MOVE. WE READY.''

William and Spear pulls words, and Myst steps before Runtik. ,,I GO FIRST.''

,,CART LEADS!'' shouts Kirra.

Myst feels Kirra. 

Runtik steps forward pulling the cart. 

Myst walks infront of Runtik. Her voice hums a path through the wind.

The pack rolls to the open gap in the tall glass wall. 

Msyt step fast. She shouts against the wind. The shout spreads, and Myst sees the sound flow around the gap.

Beyond the gap, a croping of stones create a circle. Sand coveres the circle. The wind blows over the circle with whisp and licks of wind and sand pulling over heads.

Runtik pulls cart past Myst. ,,IT IS EMPTY.'' She pulls the cart into the camp.

The wind blows and pushes.

Kirra grabs rope around waist, kneels before Runtik. ,,LEGS TOGETHER!''

Runtik slides her legs together. 

Kirra wraps the rope around her ankles.

Runtik shouts. ,,I LIKE PLAYING THE ROLE IF SLAVE AS LONG AS YOU LICK MY PUSSY''

Kirra pulls the rope tight and ties and stands.

William and Spear unload sacks of food and spread the tarp while Myst stand with Runtik and hums.

Guile coughs and sits below the cart.

Kirra unties Runtik's wrists then ties them together. ,,SIT.''

,,I SIT ON YOU FACE!'' shouts Runtik. She sticks a wiggling tongue from mouth. ''SAND MAKES A TEXTURE OF PLEASURE!''

Kirra sweeps foot and pushes down on Runtik's wrists.

Runtik falls to butt. 

Kirra kneels and ties wrists to ankles. 

Myst hums and sits by Runtik.

Spear and William stack sacks and spreads tarp over the handles, and Kirra stacks sacks of food. 

The wind talks and screams

Kirra walks around the camp.

The camp is a pond size area with a glass bottom covered in sand about a foot deep. Stones rise from the sand at the edge of the circluar glass ground. The stones rise like a small wall of head sized square stone. 

The edige of the stone wall are smooth and round. A few holes in wall let more sand and wind blow around the camp ground.

Wind and sand blows during the day. 

Wiliam, Kirra, Spear then Myst watch from the edige of the leanto during the day. The walk around the circle both protecting their skin from wind and sun.

The sun shines and circles the sky making a line that leans toward the Wane.

Myst watches the shadows grow as she takes the final watch.

In silence of the wind, the pack loads the cart. They eat and drink; they piss and shit. Kirra ties Runtik's wrists to the cart pole. 

,,MOVE,'' shouts Kirra. She steps from the camp area to the road, and the pack follows.

,,KILL HER!'' shouts guile.  
 
Runtik  sneers as he covers his mouth with wrap.

Through the night, the sand wind blows.

Runtik pulls the cart. William and Spear helpe while Kirra runs the scout peering through the wind and searching for moving shadows. 

Runtik begins to sing her cadance, and Guile repeats the words and sings with her.

Myst pounds her drum with the beat of Runtik.

Guile uses the shout tone to create a thought cons and shout into Runtik's mind. He feels the purr and vibrates into Runtik's thoughts.

Runtik thinks only of the cadence and the beat from Myst's drum.

Guile sees to Runtik, >Love see of me to you?<

The Mind Trust purr expands through Guile's mind.

Runtik sees, >Lovetik seen to me of one of the mind trust.<

Guile sees, >Will John of Goblinkin be in Oasis?<

Runtik sees, and pulls the cart along the road. She sings at the same time se sees to Guile with no pause. >John of the Goblinkin will be in Oasis.<

Guile jogs with Runtiks fast pase and cadence. >Are we to meet and follow John of the Goblinkin from Oasis?<

Runtik sees, >John of the Goblinkin will know. I do not know what john of the goblinkin will see.<

>They may kill John. They may kill all John's people,< sees Guile.

Runtik forces a purr from her mind through Giule's body. >Love seen and felt the tension to me.<

Guile flows his ankle pain through body around mind and the thought of the Mind Trust's purr. >They will kill you if you lie.<

Runtik's purr inside of Guile's Pain Trust vibrates and rattles like a laugh. >You will see what I say to be truth for Love.<

Runtiks purr spans and spees through Guile's Pain Trust.

They run with Myst's soft pound into the sand wind.

They run the cart along a flat road.

The sand waves become ripples over the flat.  The tan ground become more brown. The glass road way become more rock. 

Small cracks and creaves spreas through the brown hard sand stone.

Sand tone crops from the rippels. Small crackes spreads.

Where the cracks spread over the sand stone, glass blocks have been fitted.

The tall walls lower and the road become flat with the browns flat growns.

Sage brush and petrified wood lays at the boarders of the raod and beyond.

All push the cart to a jog of the drum.

As the sun rises, they slow the pulls and find a camp off the side oa road.

Sand wind blows during the sun rise.

The pack unloads the cart.

Kirra ties Runtiks wrists to ankles and gags mouth.

The huddle near the the cart. The kneel on one knee.

The sand wind blows over the cart and their heads.

William says, ,,How long the journey to Oasis be from here to then?''

Runtik bites gag and mumbles.

William pulls the gag from mouth.

Runtik spits sand. ,,We have a two more days of travel if we keep the pace. We-''

Kirra puts the gag on Runtik's mouth.

,,Two or three days,'' says William. He looks at his steel hand.  He hums with Myst.

Myst lays drum on ground and lays head on ground in the shade. ,,I will sleep until mid day.'' He wraps white sheet around face and covers arms and legs. she lays in the cart shade.

Kirra says, ,,Need the hours. Two shifts. Full sleep. William, Spear first. Myst, Guile, me second. Full sleep. Full watch.

Spear nods.

Wilikam says. ,,Yes, We shall pull the tarp to shade where we sleep for the days.''

Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods.  She pushes Runkit to knees and grabs the back of Runtik's neck.

Runtik flows with Kirra's pull and push and falls to side.

Kirra grabs rope once holding the tarp and ties Runtik's wrists and ankles to gether. 

William glnaces at Runtik then Kirra.

Kirra glares at William, and William looks away to Spear.

Spear sits and wraps scarfs and pulls sleeves up arms. ,,She stole from us, William.'' He sits and stares. ''She's with Love.''

William nods.

,,Kill her,'' says Guile. He pulls the hood of robe of reighn over head. She is deand. Then we will be free.'' He lays on side and talks to a mummle. ''She's going to save up. She will our go say what is needed for her to live. Part of the Hive mind, she is. I have read mind. It has been framed by Love's hivemind.''

,,You mean this version of Love. The one we know.'' says William.

,,The one we think we know,'' says Guile.

,,You read her mind more then feeling. You talk with her?'' says Spear. ''In minds.''

,,Yes,'' says Guile. ''I seen to her a questions of love and intent.''

Myst snores.

Kirra ties off rope tieing Runtik arms. She pushes Runtik under cart.

Runtik mumbles and makes noises. She farts. A muffled laugh escapes the gag.

Kirr lays between Myst and Runtik near the wheels of the cart. 

William and Spear stand and pull the tarp from tap and lay it over gulie, myst and Kirra.

Under the shade of the cart guards Runtik.

Runtik pisses self to relief the water and spits. She lays and closes eyes. Eyes closed, the sounds of Myst's snore lull Runtik soon snores.

Willaim and Spear create the lean too with the canvas creating a shade. 

William and spear arrange wagon and food. They eat and shit. 

Spear climbs the rocks to peak over the tops and see the waves and plains of desert that span. He follows the hte tall glass wall of the road.

William cleans his arm brushing off sand. He cleans his blade. 

The hot sun burns.

Sweat drips and drips and drips.

They walk around and sit against and in the shade of the rocks.

Myst, Guile and Runtik snore.

The sun rises. AS the sun rises the wind blows to a breeze. AS the sun reaches the zenith, the breeze calms to a few gusts. During the dusk, a calm cool spreads over the sands.

Kirra rises, grabs knives and rolls to look under the cart.

Runtik snores under the cart.

Kirra kneels and crawls to a stand from the leanto to Willand and Spear.

,,Nothing seen,'' says Spear.

,,Sleep,'' says Kirra. She squits and visors glove covered hand. She lickes her chapped lips. 

Spear and William crawl into the leanto. They jostle by Guile.

Guile rolls and kicks and snorts. He has a coughing fit. The coughing fit rolls him to sit. He stands. His head hits the tarp top. 

The tarp falls around Guile.'s head. 

Myst, Runtik stop snoring. 

William and Spear roll and kick from tarp. 

Kirra pulls the tarp from atop Guile's head. ,,Time to wake.

Bright light shines away dark of shade. 

Sun shines above.

Runtik mummbles.

And myst pulls a hood over her heads. She humms a song that sounds like steady winds. She stands and grabs her mace. 

the sound from Myst's mouths show her no no forms are seen.

Guile swings and highs steps from the lean to. ,,Wake and ready.''

Runtik laughs and lays in the shade.

William and Spear grab the tarp, and Guile helps arragne the tarp.

Myst and Kirra eat and piss in the bags.

With the tarp arranged, Wililam and Spear sleep.

Kirra stares to the Set. She closes eyes. She stands and steps to Runtik.

Myst's snore stops, and William, Guile and Spear wake.

William's mind fades guitar strum and floating feeling,  says, ,,Why do I need to help kill this Lich?'' His chest feels calm. His muscles relax and body feels to shine with the rays of dusk.

Runtik says, ,,It's your destiny.''

Runtik sits. Her hands are free from the rope. The rope lays arond the wheel of cart. She picks finger nails with a file. A knife lay on her lap. She looks up at Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,Stand and give me the rope.''

Runtik grabs her knife and slides the knife between the folds of cloth wrapped around her body. She grabs the rope and stands, tosses rope.

Kirra grabs the rope and stares at Runtik.

Runtik slides from under the cart and grabs and waterskin steps between poles while staring at Kirra.

All stare at Kirra.

William says, ,,Why do I need to help kill this Lich?''

Runtik swallows water and says, ,,It's your destiny.''

,,Why?'' says William. ''Why should I care what happens to your kingdom. Why should we care about what happens to your kingdom. You've destroyed ours. You've had us for slaves. And still you want to have us help you.'' William stands. ''Why?'' She stares down at Runtik.

Runtik chews oats. 

Rutik swallows. ,,You will use the steel hand to kill the lich priest, your greatest of grandmothers. You will kill the lich priest or they will kill you.'' says Runtik.

William says, ,,I will be singing with Rieghn sooner than you song.''

Runtik pivots head side to side. ,,No, you will not hear Rieghn's song with that metal fist.'' She bites a mouth full of oats.

William's metal fist reaches and grabs Runtiks desert sheets and pulls.

Runtik coughs oats.

Myst reaches for Wiliam and says, ,,William,'' as Kirra grabs Myst's arms.

William says and peers away the dusk. ,,Don't you blasphamey Reighn with your declarations of the limits of Reighn's power.''

Runtik chews and stares and chews and chews and stares, swallows, cleans teeth with tongue as William hold her desert sheet with her.

William stares.

Myst hums. ,,Willliam...Rieghn wants a song not  fight.''

Runtik eats oats and chews. She lifts the palm cup with oats to William's mouth. ,,You cranky because you are hungry.'' She smiles her thin lips and winks. ''I will baby with Lovetik.

Kirra grabs empty feet bag and throws it over Runtik's palms. She clspa the wrists of Runtik and twists.

Runtik pulls hands from Kirra's twist. Her hands pull free as the grain falls in bag.

,,You want me show you how to get oout of a bag. It is more difficult.'' She smiles. ''But Fun.''

,,Yout talk with William. You tell us why we should not kill you and journey to another place?'' Kirra pulls the bag from Runtik, puts hand in bag and eats oats and eats.

Lovetik smirts and forces as snort. ,,You kill me. You die.'' She stands and tosses rope she pull from Kirra to the Kirra's lap. ''Your ties will not hold me. You knowledge will help you depend upon me. My information will help you live.''

William pushes back Runtik and leans back, turns body to a stand. ,,Then you talk a reason why I should help Lovetik, you and this hivement help? You tell us where we are going. You tell me Why...Why.'' He steps in cirlce.

Kirra eats oats while William speaks; Myst listens and hums. Guile lays in the shade and snoozes; Spear stands and checks the packing while peering over the rocks and the wave of sand flowing over.

Runtik chuckles. ,,WHY'' she says new ar shout. She throws arms and like a Y and says, ''WHY!'' She lowers arms and nods head. ''Why...'' She stares at the ground for a long gust of wind. 

Spear, Kirra and William look at the Runtik.

Runtik stares and stares. ,,You give food and water, and I will tell you what I know.'' She licks here chapped lips.

They stare at Runtik.

Kirra tosses the bag with the oats taken from palm. The bag lands on Rutnik's lap. Runtik grabs te bag and eats.

Spear pulls and throws a waters sink on Runtik's lap.

William says, ,,Talk and keep the tongue moving while you eat.''

,,What if I choke,'' says Runtik unscrewing waterskin top.

Guile says, ,,We will be better off,'' sees the purr and purrs from snoozing state into Runtik's  purs of Love's Mind Trust.

Runtik glances at Guile and says, ,,What do you want to know?''

,,Why do we care to help?'' He looks to Myst, Spear and Kirra. ''Goblins have probably killed my friends. My house is gone. All the laws, loves and hopes have been burnt to the ground like the trash I have seen across the land. Why should we suffer a fait of you games of Love and this hivemind.'' He points to chest and lays his steel hand on the flat. ''Why should I allow you to use this that you gave me as a means of control?''

Guile feels from Runtik that he was not glanced at.

She drinsk half a waters skin and wipes lips. ,,The steel fist is the only way to shatter

Willliam laughs, ,,Who says that this fist will shatter magic? Who knows this fact that seems to be untest with act? Who? Senator Ring. Lovetik? Who?''

Runtik, chews oat. A few oats spit out. ,,Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

,,What?'' stares William.

Guile giggles him from nap. His laughter spreads through the purr of the hivement into Runtik.

Giule feels Runtik's purrs spreads a laugh that spans to William.

''Carlos the Barded Dwarf.'' William creates a steel fist and punches his flesh hand. ''Oh...There's a name I love and trust. He may be responsible for the steel hand In fact, now that I think about he is the reason I have my steel hand. He is the reason we are here. He is the reason Shake is dead. If I never met Carlos the Barded Dwarf I would be better off.''

Love swallows oats. ,,You would likely be dead by the goblin horde. You do not submit.''

William smirks, shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,I will not submit to Carlos's truth, and I will not submit to a people that wants to use us for their own game. I will not smash some jewel to kill some Lich.'' He riases and points. ''We go once we ready to Oasis. And from there I will find a way to travel to furtherest realm where there are no goblins, lich priests or steel hands.'' He steps to the back of the cart and grabs a water skin and drinks water.

Guile says, ,,Why you want this Lich Priest killed?''

Before William drinks, he says, ,,What's one dead goblin leader going to do to save anything I've known before?''

Runtik says, ,,The high priest of Liefrom controls the Order Council. The order council composed of celestial and archane magic users living in Helix. It is a council that is withouth its own fault and interal wars. It is a council that is held together by the High Priest of Lieform-''

William guaffs. ,,Religous order lead by the undead and a city that follows. Low beast and low beings. Dead...'' He shakes head and drinks.

Runtik shrugs. ,,An order that controls the waring army with their deity. They have power like any religoin. Your Reighn is a deity and control you.''

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

,,The council will fall once the Lich dies. The wizars will war with priests. The priests will war with wizards. They want the lead power of Helix, the Senate Seats and most important the Spell Caster Council.'' Runtik drinks water. ''If they lead the power then they control Helix and the power of the Order of Spell Casters. They then can advance their teaching through the military and the senate and the thought casters of Tyranium. The Lich Priest also controls the military with her great divine powers of illusion. She is able to push the religion through the ranks. She has illusionary undead minions that lead the way of the fantical goblins army. I have seen your thoughts from Love. I have seen the burning of the tower, which is similar to the pier on top of the helix in Helix.'' She drinks water.

William swallows oats. ,,I still have yet to hear a reason to kill the Lich Priest. Why does Reighn care?''

Runtik swallows water and opens mouth, but Myst speaks.

Myst says, ,,The song of Tune is the Song of Reighn are being silenced by noise of the <GODOFLICHPRIEST>.'' The Order of Spell Casters are casting out the Priess of Tune. They are killing the druids of the Colors, the Shapes and Sense Domains through the lands of mountains and deserts.'' She looks at William. 

All look at Myst, excpet William, who stares at Myst.

William says, ,,Why sing Tune's song when Reighn is the tune I want to play on my guitar. Why not roam the land as William the Steel hand and play songs of Rieighn and make Reighn to song to lead the title?''

,,Reighn will survive, William.'' She stands. It will sing through us if we kill the high priest of Bin.

Kirra says, ,,And wizards won't silence few priest of Tune to lessen power.''

Spear huffs. ,,Wizrads, priests. The land will die with any lead.''

Runtik nods. ,,YOu are all correct. Your logic is sound. The priests of Reighn will survive if the Lich Priest dies. They will live not because the wizards will show mercy.''

William intrupts. ,,As I was saying. Our hope will be to be missionary bards of Reighn.''

,,Missionary Bards of Reighn,'' snorts Giule. He chuckles. ''Maybe you can get lessons from Carlos.'' He laughs, snorts. He rolls on back. ''Runtik as good reason to help Reighn.''

,,It is not reason,'' says Runtik. ''It is how it is.'' She pauses.

,,Then speak how it is or choke on the sand around.'' William takes a swig of water. 

Guile snorts, ,,Your prose is improving William.'' He sits hup and grabs waterskin laying by side.

Runtik screws on the top of the waterskin, ,,The Lich Priest controls all the Spell Caster senate seats. The spell casters control sixty of 128 seats of the Senate. will fight over the control those seats. The fight will cause fighting for the seats. The Bin lose the favor with the army as the thinkers and thought casters of Tyranium can cease control of the Senate. The lone power will be dead. Their fear will be calmed. The calm will be if the Lich Priest is dead.

,,Who controls the senate?'' says Guile. ''How do they get voted in? Why do they have the power? Are the people going to revote? Can the senate stop the army? Is there a ruler?'' Guile drinks water.

Runtik looks at William.

William says, ,,Guile's question are good questoins that deserve good answers. You motivation are meaningless to me. The people...''

Runtik inturrupts. ,,If we kill the Lich Priest the warriors will not torture and kill the humans who will not submit to woreship Bin or become a slave of Bin?'' Runtik stares at William. her voice become basee and soft as it flows. ''Nothing will stop the war. You can kill the inpiration for the fanatic soldiers who rape and kill.''

William throws water skin over head and under arm. ,,You have already raped and kill much of what i cared. Why give you the control for bringing me into this? Did you pay Carlos?''

Runtik says with deep bass voice. ,,I didn't tell pay for you to have silver hand. I've never met Carlos.''

William pulls away the tarp. Spear grabs the other end. Willams says, ,,You. You that hive mind.''

,,Doesn't work that way,'' says Guile. ''Not enough near to hive.''

,,Or you are weak,'' says William. Spear and William fuss the tarp over the cart while Wililam continues to speak. ''You know more than you want to let us know. You hide. You lied and get the power. The Senate seats. I am a pawn, and  don't want to make any other pawns that will die.'' He folds tarp cover back and bends and grabs a food bac and stacksit on crart. ''The killing and slaving and rape will continue with or writhout some priest spreading their God.'

,,The Senate controls the code of the army. The Army enforces that code.''

,,If the amry allows the code to be enforced,'' says William. ''I have seen the inside of an army. The only code they listen to is the army code.''

,,The army code is respected. The army has seats of the senate.'' says Runti''

,,If the amry allows the code to be enforced,'' says William. ''I have seen the inside of an army. The only code they listen to is the army code.''

,,The army code is respected. The army has seats of the senate.'' says Runtik. ''Each of the generals, like each of the domes and drums, are given a seat in the Senate. The generals follow the code of the senate for they have great control of it.''

Gulie sees >Who controls the senate?< through the hive into Runtik's mind.  
 
Runtik feels a force of command and says, ,,Senate?''

Guile says. ''Who are the Senate? How Senate get voted in? Why Senate have the power? Are the people going to revotl the Senate? Can the senate stop the army? Is there a ruler?

Runtik stands. ,,The Senate.'' Her voice flows from deep to soft and calm. She pushes self of sand. ''We should pull.'' She grabs ropes that were tied arond ankels and tosses them at Kirra.

Kirra grabs them and stares at Runtik.

Runtik steps, grabs poles of cart. Kirra ties her wrists to the poles.

Runtik pulls the cart.

William and Spear push the cart.

They roll from the camp circle along the glass and stone road. 

Runtik says soft bass voice soothing the trail, ,,The Senate members are appointed by the Senate Leaders. a time ago the people voted for the Senate. Now the senate is controlled by the senate. The senate is composed of the leaders of the dome and drums of a domain; the generals of the army and sixteen from the council of Spell Casters and sixteen from the Council of Thought Casters.''

,,Dome, Drum,'' says Spear with push.

Runtik says, ,,A drum is a city of a domain. A dome is the capital of the domain. We are in the Gnomsidy Domains leaving the Gnomsidy Dome and walking to the Oasis Drum.''

Guile coughs and spits. ,,Senator Ring is over a Drum?''

,,Senatro Ring is Senator and leader of the drum Ringtik,'' says Runtik.

William breathes and pushes. ,,Love is a Senator.''

,,Lovetik is a Senator of Lovetik.'' Runtik pulls and finds a pace.

Myst finds a drum beat.

Runtik says, ,,They adopt the name of the city once they bcome leader and get the seat in senate.''

,,Why?,'' says William. ''A title.''

,,it is a title.'' Runtik wipes sweat on chin and shoulder. ''It is adopted by the leader of hte city. Stories tell the name was given to protect the true name for priests. Stories tell the name is for constent. Stories tell it is to create an idol.''

Guile starts stepping fast. His stomach flab sways. ,,Senator elected? Senator taken over? Senator born?''

Runtik says, ,,Elections decide. Four season election cycle. Voting and voting right vary from drum to dome to domain.''

Myst pounds drums. Spear pushes cart and feels the sun arm skin.

Guile snort with snot. ,,Why...Why is the senate in Tyranium.''

Runtik pulls the cart with the help of the push from Spear and Willam. ,,Senators voted senate reside in Helix. The vote many sun cycles ago. After Helix remained in control of the Council of Spellcasters. The senate moveed to Tyranium. The binary capital of the empire and capital of the Tyranium domain.''

Willima says, ,,Why are they the capitals?''

,,,The cities are at the ends of a river canyond through the great mountain range. The mountain range is rich with coal, stone, wood and iron. Helix was the first of two planned. They became the capitals after the Senate voted to move the capitals. The reason for move was focus and stategy of the empire. After the War of the Mountains, Helix was built. The Council of Spellcasters moved to Helix to control the flow of resources. The army advanced beyond the mountains. More resource found otherside of mountains. Engineers and aritists moved to the new world and created. Tyraniums. Power shifted with the tools. Resouce collection was greater it Tyranium. The army shifted forces beyond the desert.''

Spear says, ,,Strategy.'' Spear's sweats. He feels is body drip from sweat and spread through sand. He feels is sing feel like it sinks into the ground as he pushes the cart.

The cart rolls over the rock and class over a thin layer of silt.

William says, ,,How big is the empire?''

Runtik pushes. ,,It spans as far to the Rise as it does to the Set. It spans to the Set Coast.''

William says, ,,Who built the road?''

Runtik says, ,,Gnomes and the army built the road.''

,,Why do I help you kill the Lich Priest? You have...'' He spits sand from mouth, wipers sand sweat from face. ''You have given no reason why me killing the LIch Priest will help return me to a world free of goblins.''

Runtik pulls the cart. ,,The goblinkin will remain.'' She sniffs and steps a few times. ''You kill Lich Priest. Lich Priest dead. More humans live. The Senate will wil be controlled by the Thought Casters.''

Kirra steps by Myst. She whispers, ,,Silence of the hunters around.''

Myst steps and taps here drum soft and constant. ,,The pounds hide the sound like the talk we had past night when you and Spear watched the plains.''

,,The don't hear,'' says William. ''The pound of reing creates a round soundless dome to perform. I have heard of it.''

Guile snorts. ,,You have heard of it.''

Runtik laughs. ,,That's funny.'' 

Guile feels Runtik's purr through the Mind Trust Purr.

William looks from Kirra to Runtik. ,,What of Lyno? I saw no massacur there?''

Runtik pulls the cart with Myst's drum beat. ,,Lyno was given to the Thought Casters to domesticate. Lyno and its people exist.''

Myst says, ,,What of <THEPALADINSNAMEINCANYON>?''

Runtik pulls. ,,I know Lyno is an the area is controlled. Construction tools to rebuild aquiduct has begun. The dwarves in the moutnain are trading with the Thought Caster Council. The Thought Caster Council has approval of Senate to continue their control of Lyno Domain.''

,,And through Westmore Canyon? The canyon from Lyno to the coast and Waterdown.''

Runtik says, ,,I don't know of Westmore Canyon.'' ''I seen a canyon called Coast Gateway. It lead to the drums of what is the Far Coast Domain. Waterdown will be the Dome.''

William says, ,,I heard they have yet to take over Waterdown.''

,,They are negotiating surrender,'' says Runtik. 

William pushes the cart with Spear following the past of the drums of Reighn of Myst.

The cart rolls. Tracks span over the sand. Myst's pounds bounce the sand making tracks to smooth sand.

Myst's sand pound become taps and become silence as they cart rolls along through the night and along the raod.

Runtik begins to hum and beat with her breath after a long pull of silence. She clicks and clacks a beat.

Myst hums and walks with the cart along the stone and glass road.

The road flows straight through short wide waves of sand illuminated with star and moon light.

The pack pulls the cart to mid night. They slow the push and pull to the side of the road.

They eat. Kirra untile Runtilks hands, and William holds as she eats. 

They drink and fill waterskins.

They shit and piss. 

They secure the cart.

William says, ,,I will pull,'' as Runtik grabs a pole.

Kirra looks at Runtik. ,,You push.'' She pulls short sword from sheath.

Spear grabs back of cart. ,,How many Cycles until Oasis?''

,,Two days pass until Oasis,'' says Runtik.

William says, ,,In Oasis, we will decide our path away from this place.''

,,Get there first,'' says Kirra.

And Runtik humms a steady flows of short hums mataching William's pace. 

Myst's throat vibrates in waves with Runtik's hum and spreads her sight.

The pack pulls through the night. 

The hums flow their pace. Spear follows William's humming lead. 

Spear feels his voice vibrate from feet to sand.

The horizon shine from black to dark blue.
 
In the dark blue to the rise, a column of smoke rises.

,,Smoke,'' says Kirra.

,,Time will be three or four hours,'' says Runtik. 

,,Why smoke?'' says Kirra.

,,Large camp,'' says William.

,,No...'' says Runtik. ''Fires burn bright at night. Fire can bee seen. Fire needs fuel. Nothing to burn except waste.'' Runtik releass the cart and visors hand to staire to the Rise horizon. 

Kirra pushes Runtik foward.  ,,Push.''

The smoke flows far away, to the sky and spreads smoke.

William slows the pull to a stop. Spear stands.

All looks to the horizon.

Kirra says, ,,We need a camp.''

William says, ,,If it be a fire of war or a fight then we must continue.''

,,Smoke rises after the fight,'' says Spear.

,,We sleep,'' says Kirra. ''Watch for attacks.''

William rubs armored covered sholder. ,,Are there holes or gaps along the road for us to pull along and hide?''

,,I don't know,'' says Runtik with a low bass voice.

A breeze blows.    

Spear feels his sweat drops and spread through sand like it is an extension of his form.

,,Rest now,'' says Kirra. ''Here. Ready for fight.''

They watch the smoke smuthere with the rising light as they set camp in arua of silence. The sacks are unpacked to hold the cart and hold down the tarp. The piss is pissed, and th shit shit. Water food ate. And the smoke rises.

The smoke fades after the first watch. 

After second watch, the sunset, and the pack loads the cart, and Spear pulls.

The night deeps and the moon shines with the stares. Over the flat sands a few shadows are seen to shift, but settle and move.

The wind blows and gusts sand. 

Nearing the third hour of travel, Kirra says, ,,We are near.''

the pull the cart to the side wall of the raod.

,,A song will let the mind fly through the sky as our bodies crawl over the sands,'' says William.

,,I go,'' says Kirra. ''Run along wall. Smoke spot near wall. Travels the same.''

William stesp to Kirra. ,,How will we know if we are to come to assist you.''

,,You will hear.'' She pulls dagger from sheath and runs along the road near the wall to the Rise. She run a short song of Rieghn when her colored sights sees the road, the trash the soot.

She slows steps and crouch against wall staring at burn bodies, wagons sacks, fur spread from a large campsite and over the road.





