,,This is Lyno?'' says Shake.

Guile shivers, ,,Cold. Wet. Need sleep. ...Food.''

Kicker  blusters and clomps hooves into cobble stone sunk in mud road.

They walk Wax.

To the Wax, a wide road travels between people, trees, tents, leantos, campfires and fields. The trees grow between fields and along the edge of the road. The trees, leantos, tents, campfires. They people sit packed shivering and coughing then spread sleeping and talking through the fields. The trees grow and span to the mountain and along the road until buildings stand and roads cross. 

To the Rise, the sun light shines.

To the Set, a pyramid like wall rises a long bow shot from behind the buildings and trees along the side of the sheer mountain. The pyramid wall rises in tiers to the bottom of a narrow and tall mountain canyon.

The sheer moutain side span to the sky.

To the Wane behind, people watch from trees. Flames flicker.

Forward to the Wax, The buildings are wide and long. The buildings push the camps into the roads to the fields.

Wheel wells through road fume and slop of piss and shit. Snow and slush spread from edges.

People stare, stand and peer at Guile and Shake and Kicker as Guile and Shake and Kicker walk the road. People snore, cough, whisper and talk with baby laughs and cries.

The campfire warm in Guile and Shake fades to cold to a near freeze.

Wing blow freezes ear tips.

Guile, Shake and Kicker step between between wheel wells; betten pots and baskets; between firepits and pots, between tent stakes and packs, between logs and stone.

,,This is Lyno,'' says Guile. ''It is not as I remember.''

Shake inhales then exhales. ,,Remember you are Haste, and I am Speed.''

Guile nods.

Kicker blusters. Steam fumes from mouth.

Shake says to a mumble. ,,Alone in a forest your good will not be found. Crowded in a town...Alone in a town. ...What was that. What did...Lost in a forest your good not found. Found a road. Bad in town...''

They step between piles of logs and by two sleeping dogs and sleeping moutain lion. The mountain lion purrs bringing Shake's mummble to the words. ,,We are not worried of you. We worry for what you might bring.''

A baby cries, and a mother hushes. Then a light from a hid cover from ground around tree.

Guile steps in wheel well and trips.

Shake catches Guile while still looking at top of narrow canyon. Kicker clomps.

Dogs growls by Guiles hand, and a dog with fangs steps. 

Shake says, ''Can't be good when a dog thinks you bad. Because a dog one may need to stab.'' He pull knife from wade of leather bundle.

They step.

''That's.''

,,Good.'' grins Guile. He tries to see into Shake's mind but thoughts wander from Shake's mannerisms and mumbles to the the waterskins hanging above flame of fire surrounded by dirt covered kids and a mom. 

Two men with swords stand on road camp and stare at Shake and Guile.

Shake says to a mumble. ,,Can't be good when a dog thinks you bad. Because a dog one may need to stab. ...We are not worried of you. We worry for what you might bring...Go to...We worry what you bad...''

Shake and Guile look at the wool and furt tents and covers. Kicker wanders behind Shake and Guile.

The road narrows to a path twice the width of Shake and Guile walking side by side.

The wall of trees between road and mountain becomes building walls of long stable, warehouses, then three level buildings and a large house.

To the Rise, a large warehouse made of morter rises. Leantoes lean from ground to the morter wall of warehouse along road.

They stare along the road.

Buildings narrow, wide, tall short span three intersections of buildings.

People camps push to the edge of wheel wells in the center of the road. The tens and fires spread through large doors in the warehouses.

Four bridges span above the road from buildings to to building top. Their height taller than the goblin tower in Westmore Canyon.

A muffled horse whinnies from the walls of the stable.

Shake says, ''Then a call to a stable. Can't be good if you're able. If you're...'' Shake clears throat and inhales, holds then exhales. ''Closed stables.'' They stare at stable..

The stables rises twice the height of Kicker. A path spans to stall's stable doors that are darker than the dark oak of the stable walls. The path to door spans between camps and bundles of people waking, sleeping, shivering, sitting and cradling people covered with rugs and cloths.

The stable doors cover an opening wider than a wagon. Their wood frame is bound by iron and locked by metal lock.

Shake, Guile and Kicker walk to the stable doors.

,,IN the town of no one to know. Walking to bad may be the only path to go.'' Shake inhales then slowly exhales letting his heart slow.

,,How do we get service. How do we get in,'' says Guile.

Shake steps and mumbles and feels the rush of unknown. He grabs a lock and begins to fidget with its end.

,,No,'' says Guile. ''We have-''

,,Nothing,'' says Shake with strict voice. He looks at a few fire lite faces glancing over at the two. 

Kicker busters, and her breath billows between Shake and Guile.

Guile stares at Shake.

Shake inhales cold air and exhales hot. He steps and grips his knife squeezing away rage or tension. 

Guile steps and his mind feels the frustration and rage pulsing from Shake. A tired mind is Guile's, but even the tired state wakes to the rage forced from Shake to Guile.

The maze in mind scribbles and twists. 

The cold chills and bites. Bodies shiver and walk.

They walk and slop through mud.

Fumes of piss and shit fume as Guile breaks the ice of a puddle. 

Either are to tired to wretch or cover nose, they walk to the big stable doors two wagons wide. Two steel rings wider than Shake's head hang from each door.

Shake grabs one handle.

,,Not going to get in there,'' says a woman hunched over a smoldering fire. 

Shake pulls the handle.

The door doesn't move. 

Guile glances then side looks at the woman. 

The woman sits hunched. Dirty and  worn blankets lay frayed over her back. Her eyes look instead of stare. 

A pile of blankets and cloths shifts near her. 

A groan is heard. 

then a cough that sets a series of coughs through the people over road. 

,,No lock,'' says Shake. ''No latch.''

,,How do we get inside,'' says Guile while looking at the blanket covered woman.

She stares through the smoke of the fire to the fire pit. ,,Can't.''

Shake pulls and rattles door then kicks the door. His heart pounds, and fist hits door.

,,YOU,'' hollers a voice. 

A silhouette as big as Spear steps from the dark of the building. Feet splat into mud and muck, over laying and sitting people. The silhouette stops, hollers while pulling a person sleeping against the wall from the wall and into a mud puddle, ''GET OFF.''

The person flops into people and muck. 

The big silhouette steps near. The silhouette becomes a man with broad shoulders wearing mud covered hide coat and pants. Matted and clumped fur lines the edges of a hood pull over head and hiding all but a bushy beard puffing.

He pushes Guile away from the building and reaches to grabs Shake.

Shake steps back quick, and Kicker clomps and blusters.

,,BACK,'' says the man.

Lantern light illuminates.

,,My friend,'' says Shake.

,,No friend,'' says the man stepping between Shake and the stable door.

The light shines

Shake shows a gold coin only to the man. ,,Does this make you my friend.''

A toothless grin is illuminated by light. ,,It makes you customers.''

,,We want a stable for seven cycles. A key would be nice. We want to come and go.''

The big being lets face illuminate with lantern light. ,,As long as you're quiet.''

Shake extends hand for a wrist pull. ,,Speed.''

,,Laddin,'' says the man. His wide mouth grins. His eyes squint.

Their hands clasp the other's forearm and pull. 

Shake slides the gold to the palm of Laddin. 

Laddin grips the gold and turns, steps and walks. ,,Follow.'' His big feet slop through much and mire.

The muck and mire splashes on dogs and humans and a few half-evlen whose eyes lay exposed from wraps of dirty white wool and hide patches cotton blankets pulled around heads.

A dog growls.

Laddin stomps foot, and mud splashes on the dog's face. Laddin growls. 

The dog bares teeth then lays head, stares. 

Laddin pulls out a key the size of finger and as long as two with bumps along its shaft.

The key shafts slide into hole and turns.

A click is.

Laddin pushes on wall, and a door opens. Laddin walks through, and Shake and Guile follow.

Light illuminates.

A long hall along center length of stall leads from one end of the building to the next. The hall leads to wood walls and door.

Steps squish dried horse poop, straw and some dirt, snow mud. 

The walls of stalls are stacked boards to the ceiling. Large oak doors with locks or half doors of oak or stalls with bars of equal widths span along walls. Horses, sheeps, lamas, humans and pigs and a orc sleep in the stalls. Two elves near naked stand and dress. 

The light leads, and Laddin guides. ,,There's an open stall and a closed stall. The one stall with door and lock cost more.''

,,The stall with the door.'' Shake looks back to Kicker then Guile. ''Door.''

Guile says, ,,Doooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.''

The slow of his lips pause and then speed fast before Shake.

Shake is slow as Guile sees. 

Shake's lips and arms move slow.

Laddin stares at Shake's slow moving body. 

Then Shake is normal time.

Laddin stares.

Kicker bluster and nods at the stall with the door and wall to ceiling.

Laddin looks away.

Shake's heart beat slow.

And Laddin leads, clips key from loop and slides key into hole. 

Door swings opens

LIghts shine upon stone floor covered with dust. Smell of dry dew flows from doors. The far wall of stone rise to roof of wood. ,,Sleep here,'' says Laddin. ''Here's the key.''

Shake grabs the key. His hand moves through space like it is in water.

''Gets louds, but in here quiet,'' says Laddin stepping back. ''It's a copper a night.'' He holds up gold. ''I'll hold this till you leave. Gotta watch the building. Costs.'' He holds the coin to the light. Then he looks at Shake. ''Watch back. Not paying for life, security from knives.'' He peers at Shake and Guile. ''You're paying for damage.'' 

Shake nods and the world slowly bounces and moves. The images leave traces of self that fade.

Guild sees Shake's face become relaxed and lost, slow and sped, blink the stare between the span of a smile.

Kicker nudges a stalled Shake. 

Shakes stumbles into the Stall.

Time slows and starts. 

Kicker clomps and lays. 

Guile swings door to shut then lays on the cold stone using the wool sheet for a blanket.

Shake shakes and sits, stands, rolls slow on ground spreading tied boots, knife, key, worn leather and body over the ground until the world slows to sleep.

They sleep...

And they sleep...

They sleep with dreams of people talking and yelling. They dream of cold and fog. They dreams speed fast and slow until a pound from ankle snaps Guile's eyelids open.

Bright light blinds the world white. 

,,THIEFS!'' holler Laddin.

Pain spikes through Guile from anklie to head. Mind pushes out and pumps, pumps and floats in pain.

Laddin drags Guile along the rock floor to the door of the stable.

Guile feels the wet of straw and stick of mud as he blinks away the brightness and pain.

A gold coin flies through air then THUMP! 

Thump strikes Guile's temple.

''FAKE,'' hollers Laddin.

The bright white dims to grays and shades of dark creating a gray world of the stalls. 

Laddin stand above with two other stalky and round human beings. Both have breasts and hips. Both hold swords. All three look at Guile.

Guile looks at Shake.

Shake lays on the floor. His chest slowly rises and slowly falls. His eyelids move from moving eyeballs. He lays on back and  softly snores.

Kicker clomps. 

Guile says, ,,I think. I...'' He looks into the stable. He sees only the pair of boots tied at ends with a belt. His heart beats. His sleep chill warms.

They stand and stare.

<Dagger,> he thinks. He presses eyelids then opens to relase the words, ,,The gold was not mine,'' says, ''It's Shake.'' He pauses. ''Speeds. It's Speeds. He didn't know.''

Laddin reaches, grabs, slams Guile against the stbable door.

A distant courger growls. And people look from stalls.

''Money,'' says Laddin.

,,I don't.''

,,Careful, tubby's got a dagger,'' says one of the women.

,,I give my dagger for trade payment,'' says Guile as one of the women grabs, pulls, holds dagger with three flash movement. ''It's worth more than a gold.''

,,It's worth something,'' says one holding it before. ''Dwarven.''

Laddin peers at Guile. ,,Dwarf.'' He grips and presses fists into Guile. He leans to nearly touch Guile's nose with his nose. ''You aint' no dwarf.''

Guile hangs limp and stares.

,,You have two rotations. And it will cost you a gold for lying.'' He releases Guile. ''Give you your dwarven dagger back.''

Guile falls to the ground. His belly wobbles.

Laddin walks away with dagger in hand. 

Guile looks at Laddin. Guile begins to hear Laddin's voice, then feel Laddin's hand grip his dagger.

Kicker blusters, and nose nudges Guile's ear then side of head. 

The touch of the cold nose makes Guile smile, and the voice of Laddin silences.

Guile looks at Kicker. 

Guile feels Kicker feels calm and worry for Guile.

Kicker whinneys. Then steps to guard Guile and Shake. She bites the loose hood of Shake's tight black body cloth and pulls Shake into the stall. 

Guile sits and lets the echoes of Laddin's Talk echo from mind.

Kicker nudges back of Guile's head. 

Guile blinks and looks along walls to the ends of the hall.

Hide and fur covered people short and tall, wide and skiny stand with weapons in hands and eyes watching Guile until Guile stands and then looks at the them.

A cougar growls and rumbles then purrs a rumble. The cougar leaps away. the cougar stands on all fours.

A woman and a man wearing fur boots, hats, pants and shoes stand before the cougar and peer at Guile.

Guile looks from peer to peer and follows gaze into the stale. 

Kicker clomps foot and nods head to the doors.

Guile nods and closes the stall doors. He steps with his heat beat. 

HIs heart pounds. The pounds hit through the stall to the Heart Dagger. The pounds shake his body. 

His arms and legs begin to throb. His ankle pain pumps fast then slow as Guile sits and lays on the wool sheet near Shake. 

Kicker steps a circle then lays. 

Shake snores. 

Dim light shines rough a thin crack in the stall.

People talk and mumble surface talk as they walk the hall from the stall then sit or lay. 

The voice linger in Guiles minds as the mind finds the flow of coversations near the front of the stall and a few through the ceiling tall walls. The soft and loud voices seeps through thick wood and tight cracks whispers hints if coversation. 

The voices feel to float like the fumes and smells floating though the room. 

The voices seep and sound through Guile's mind as body speeds and slows. 

Guile's heart hits chest then head. The whispers tickle fright and fear and spread tension through the muscles. 

Fear spreads through color bursts of talk and thoughts from the people around. Fear wieghs on Guile's pounding heart until it nearly ceases it, holds it. 

The whispers talk to lips that talk from minds of groups, pairs and a person. The thoughts and talks chatter and chime together at a time in side Guile's mind until Guile finds the focus.

The focus speaks thoughts and talk in varying voice high, low, quick and slow like the talk heard in the center of the Rose Pack Court House before it comes to order. <...No more food...> <That's not what...> <...That direction of sound...> <...Gone to far. Might...> <Where to sleep tonight...> <...Where, where, where...> <Is that right...Can it...> <...Hate. Won't do it. Need it...> <...Sleep. SHUT UP AND SLEEP...> <...There's. No there is. Next light...> <...What's that about...> <...Don't know. Thy're loud. Wake me up again...> <...Now. We go now. Now...> <...I get half.> <...Dead...Dead. We'll die...> <...Where...>

The voice's fade. The fear calm. The fear fades.

The thin dim lights shining through roof becomes dark.

Guile stares into darkness. He sleeps...

Guile, Kicker, Shake sleep away the Speed and slow to dream then fast to wake...

BANG! pounds the door then doors and wall.

Guile wakes from darkness to darkness. Stale airs breathes thick through thraot.

Shake coughs and wakes from image and sounds of running and a dragon's roar. A roar heard until Kicker's bluster blows it from Shake's mind.

The coughs pushes and brusts pain through lungs. Saliva drips from mouths.

A voice screams, ,,NO!'' Then a roar rages from a mouth only to silence with a BANG!

Silences spreads and settles.

,,Where,'' says Shake. He blinks and tries to rub light into eyes but lids only open to darkness. ''Guile,'' says Shake with voice lower.

,,Shake,'' says Guile.

Kicker kicks to a stand and walks to door. 

,,What?'' says Shake.

,,Out...'' Guile stands. He see the dark gray shades creating the stall shake, the door handles, latches. 

,,Wait,'' says Shake. ''Wait. I..Where...'' Shake stands and searches through the darkness with hands rubbing over the rock floor. His hands hits a boot. ''Okay.'' He stands with his belt tied boots and grabs his dagger. ''Ready.''

Another bang sounds through the walls from a distant. 

Guile open stall door.

Torch light flickers along the hall.

Humans, horse, half-elves, cougar stand before stall doors and stare along the hall.

Laddin the the ladies stand by a dwarf and an orc. His back and body blocks the torch light and castes a shadow against the far wall.

People stare. 

Shake rubs eyes and pulls and shifts the tight black body suit over chest.

The body suit rips.

A human child giggles near Shake.

Shake smiles. ,,Gained a bit on my butt.'' He wiggles his butt.

The child laughs cracking the dirt and must crusting side of face. Her sleeve wipes away the mud mask.

A man steps between Shake and the child. He peers his button sized eyes between low brow and puddgy checks to Shake. His nostral voice spats. ,,Don't need more trouble from you.''

,,Me,'' breathes Shake.

the child gigggles. The giggle is shock with a roar from the dwarf.

,,YEILD!'' says Laddin.

The child and man with pudgy cheeks jump at the sound.

,,Loud,'' says Shake looking at the pudgy cheeks. ''Think they were speed freaks for this acting troupe I seen  sun cycle ago.''

The man with pudge cheeks pushes child away and walks with kids and adults wearing wool and hide patched cloths.

People stare on. 

Guile wraps tight wool sheet and says, ,,We should talk. Leave.''

,,Must be a punch of actors,'' says Shake loud. 

Steel hitting steel rings through the stable. 

Laddin and the two women step away from the stable.

Guile steps from stable and pulls on Shake to toward the entrance. His heart thumps and pulls toward Laddin. He feels an echo beat. He stumples and knocks the back of Shake.

Shake steps with Kicker as they walks to the entrance. 

The doors remain ajar.

They open.

Snow covers the roof tops of builds. Mud covers road. Gray clouds cover the sky. Dim dull light illuminates from the Rise.

The cold covers the skin, but doesn't freeze without the breeze or wind that doesn't blow.

People stand in groups along the stable building, on a wood walkway across the mud street and though the mud and muck.

The blankets, packs, cloths are bundled, wrapped, tied, covered over the people.

The people stare at the ground and glance here and there. Billows of breath blow. Snott drips and is sucked up with snorts.

A horse back rider swaggers through the road bumping and splashing mud. The rider wears a purple robe drapping over red vest and pants with matching red cloves pulled to elbow. Long black hair flows from black cap. 

The horse walks through crowds of people along the road. 

Shake looks down at his wool shoes and black suit. 

He steps into the stable. He hears no noise, but see the people stare as he walks to stall, unlocks stall with key, takes off black body suit, shoves body suit into pack, pours the grain and beans from the boots, picks out the coins, crystal and vial, put boots on feet, furls tunic, grabs pack and closes door, locks door, watch people stands in silence and stare away anger. 

Shake walks from the stable and shuts the stable doors.

,,I have the key,'' says Shake.

Guile nods, and the world leaves traces grays of flame light and morning light.

Kicker blusters.

Shake, Guile and Kicker step along mud road bteween people. All take seperate paths. All see the people, the stone buildings, the snow white roofs, the small bridges spaning over the road, the person riding on the horse along the rode into town. 

Campire smoke blows over all. Shit and  piss fumes whiffs. 

Guile looks at a stone bridge and follows its path on past the roofs and over the trees to the mountain to the top of the tiered wall taller than a hill.

Kicker walks and clomps  and blusters away the cold. Her body chills then feels the cold comfort cover. She feels joy when hooves crunch a small bit of snow along on the road. Kicker feels fast the slow and when slow feels sore. 

All bodies feel pain when feel slow, and all feel slow and sore more than feeling fast and cool.

Shake struts slow for he feels slow along the road, with near knee high buts slop through muck. He nods with calm, but grim glance at people. 

Some nod. Others glance. Others stare. One sneers.

Shake says to the one that sneers. ,,May your day be lucky.'' 

All meet in middle of the road. 

Shake, Guile and Kicker see the horse and rider jostle past people

People stand and cuddle and press against people. People walk on road between stone buildings.

,,Laddin has my heart dagger,'' Guile says. The words fall cold and contrast to the ambient sounds of sneeze, coughs, murmurs and cries.

Shake spreads rage from mind then face. He pulls knife.

''The heart dagger is for payment.'' Guile pauses. He closes eyelids and opens eyelids with the words. ''It was for collateral. The gold is fake.''

Shake's rage sooths, and a smile begins to spread. ,,Not everyday you are fooled and reminded.'' He calms. ''I have coin. More than the copper it will cost.''

Guile pivots head side to side. ,,No.''

,,No.''

,,A gold it will cost now. Laddin wants a gold now,'' says Guile.

,,WHAT!'' Shake feels fast and anger beat from pumping heart. Heart feels to pump the words from mouth, ,,Can't be good if everyone thinks you bad. Sometime it is good to be had. Then you know we can't be all bad.'' He is calm.

Guile smiles. He smiles away the pain that echoes after heart beat of the weep of the heart dagger. ,,That was good.''

Kicker whinnies slow.

Shake mummbles, ,,Can't be good if everyone thinks you bad. Sometime it is good to be had. Then you know you can't be all bad. Not bad.'' He looks at Guile. ''Not as bad as Laddin having your heart dagger.'' He peers. ''Could you not wake me?''

,,No,'' says Guile like lips move. Then lips move to say No.

Shakes force of tension eases, and body relaxes. ,,Oh...I am at fault. I...'' He touches the needle in his pocket. He feels hearten hasten beat and rush throug body as he nears the tip, but before the finger is pricked he pulls hand from pocket and snaps fingers. ''We need coin.''

The stand and stare.

Kicker blusters and looks here and there as they stand in center of street. Then Kicker stares with the people.

The people shiver, cough, rub, hold, craddle in groups.

Kicker whinney's and nods along the road.

Guile and Shake follow Kicker's whiney and stare at the lone rider part the standing, shifting and drifting people.

,,These people have litte coin,'' says Shake. He stares through the parting people to see the top of the head of the horse rider. He looks a bit up to Guild and Kicker. ''That person has much.''

,,Steal.'' says Guile.

,,Borrow,'' says Shake. Shake steps down street slopping through muck. ''What do they think?'' says Shake.

,,,I feel fear, hunger pain.'' Guiles steps feeling a slight pain from ankle. ''More pain than ankle.''

They slop through muck and Guile talks.

''I only feel. Their thoughts too much. My mind still weak,'' says Guile. His face crinkles. ''That poison make the mid slow, weak.'' The pound in heart echoing for the knife fades.

Shake pulls the dart from pocket. ,,Don't need to read thoughts to know how to get money to borrow.''

Guile glances as Shake then looks forward. Then they stare through the crowd and between the stone and wooden buildings.

The stone and wooden buildings large and tall, long and wide with windows near the top of their wood and straw roofs. Large stone doors lay against the walls of stone and wood. 

Shake, Guile, Kicker walk.

People stand around the buildings' entrances jostling slowly to the space inside the warehouse buildings.

Shake and Guile and Kicker walk.

The crowd of people begins to press between two warehouses.

They walk.

The crowd mumur rises to talk and some screams. Two people shouts then go silent from within the warehouse. People cough and shiver. They stop feet into muck.

And They walk.

Muck splashes onto Shake's tunic.

 ,,Watch the feet please,'' says Shake loud.

Shake jumps to see over heads.

A plane of heads span through a wide door way in the ware house. 

A cloud of sweat and rot sink spread through the people from the door.

Guile stands on tips of toes and sees over the heads and bodies. He no longer feels the echo of the heart dagger beat with his heart.

Shake jumps up and sees the horse rider ahead a rock throw away.

Kicker whinnys and nudges nose upon Shake's back then whips head to touch nose on her side. She blusters.

Shake stumbles forward and looks back. ,,Whoa, Kicker.'' 

Kicker looks back and touches back, blusters.

,,Your back? You want us to ride?'' says Shake.

Kicker blusters and kicks.

Shake smiles, and shuffles between people and Kicker then mounts Kicker with a quick kick and settle. ,,Thanks.'' He pats and rubs the side of Kicker.

Kicker nudges Guile, and Guile says with a smile. ,,I have had my ride.''

Kicker blusters and they walk down the road and through the people and between the buildings.

The warehouses become buildings with windows, floor levels, doors and balconies, awings. A wooden walkways spans before doors and buildings and under swinging warped and worn signs with Common Tongue written over surface.

People sit at the edge of steps and stare through the people. The talk and murmur. 

Shake and Kicker, Guile walk. Guile feels his ankle thump pain with step.

Peering through the windows, Shake sees a pub, dinning house, hotel empty with a few people siting behind podiums, around tables by stands staring through the windows back at Shake. Their faces dawn and droopy. 

,,The people need a story,'' says Shake. ''They need a song.''

,,A song,'' Guile looks foward and walks with the horse. His steps splat and spray. The mind sees the grays of the world and the people. The body feels the quiet and the ankle pain.

The shout and laughter heard through huge warehouse door from deep in the warehouse feels and fills music.

,,A song,'' loud-talks Shake. His voice loud enough to be hear between the buildings above the talk and whispers, but not too loud to offend. ''An epopee?''

Guile looks back and up at Shake. ,,Epopee?''

,,A grand poem,'' loud-talks Shake. ''An epic. And a hope. But with the villians of the actors troupe coming to play for the town to gain its loot.'' 

A few people look at Shake. One person smiles. Guile smiles feeling the smile. He feels the silent fear feel free with sound of Shake's rough, deep tone that carries more like a talk than a shout. Guile feels all this between the pauses of Shakes verse.

''And no matter how much you kick them with boot. They will try to play a song to make you dance with their flute.'' He looks down and says as if lyric of a song. 

More smiles are felt and seen. 

Guile pushes thoughts through joy and smiles in into minds skimming feelings and thoughts and sights and sounds and smells like skimming the milk of a moutain goat. 

As Shake pauses the song and lets the silences setting and the talk  and whispers to spread the silent fear. 

People look at Shake and Guile and Kicker. 

Kicker stomps through mud and muck.

Kickers ears perk for Shake's voice.

And Shake looks around seeing a few poeple look letting his smile speak the words loud and clear. ,,And you only want to be thought good because you're not bad.'' Shake talks loud near song. ''And you can't be good when everyone thinks you bad.''

They walk.

Shake continues to say, ''And it will be the actors that will lie to you until your loot is had.''

Guile feels fear, hate, cold, rage fade to calm. He feels his ankle pain step. He studder steps.

The talking and the whispers calm to coughs and sniffs. 

''And you will be the story of the song with the lute making you mad.''

Kicker feels and sounds to clomp and plops to the beat and tone of Shake's song.

Guile feels joy and sunshine feelings from Kicker as his mind reads and plays in emotion and active thought. Guile's ankle pain taps not thumps.

Shake pauses talk-loud to nearly sing with clomp of hoofs and Kickers slight swing with a calm smooth voice. ''And you may feel like everyone thinking you sad. As a child, easy to be had.''

The clomps of Kicker keep the pace and spread the silence from fear and pain and pulls the people calm in the trios wake.

The people listen for words from Shake. 

''But you are the only one make you feel bad,'' I said from Shake. And with a smile and a wink as Guile looks his way. ''Because you can't be good if thought you bad.''

Guile smiles with the joy felt from people wrapped in cold and standing in mud. He feels the steam from their breath and their feet keep a pace with Kicker, who carries the beat. Guile feels the heat from the people come to him. 

Shake loud-talks a singing voice with syllables over playing Kicker's beat. ''The villious acting troupe is coming to play for our loot.'' 

Away with the heat, Guile feels the cool as the lyrics warm, and the step pace people's feelings and thoughts of the song.

People step with smiles and nods from Kicker's path.

Shake lets Kicker find the beat again.

A few people tap and splat the mud with foot.

Guile's body warms from the walk and the steps. The pain of ankle calms and cools with the warming feet. The heat from the feelings and thoughts of people that surround lessens hunger and ankle pain.

Kicker feels Guiles heat, and her shiver calms. The hunger hollow fills with feeling from Guile of feelings from people parting the path for the trio.

Shake loud-talks with beat and harmony. ''And if you kick them only with the boot.'' Then loud-talk-sings with Kicker's beat with double and triple syllable rolls. ''They will play a song to make you dance with their flute.''

A little off beat with Kicker's step.

Kicker slows clomp a clomp through cobbles stone and mud road. The cobble stone and hoop echo a clomps giving another beat. The clomps of Kicker's hooves create more more thought from the void, death and doom to a calm pace to be. 

Kicker's hoof hits on cobble stone road comes echoes through the alleys to alleys of buildings of stone and wood. 

Shake sing. ''From the forest near they do come.'' with Kicker's beat. He waits the frames of beats and lets the voice carrie to silence until he sings, ''Their poisons hasten and make you dumb.''

People around smile. 

People part groups and jostle to side of road.

Shake repeats by singing, ''From the forest near they do come.'' He waits a beat cycle then sings. ''Their poisons hasten and make you dumb.'' ''From the forest near they do come.'' He waits a Kicker beat cycle to sing. ''Their poisons hasten and make you dumb.''

The people near the path of Shake, Kicker and Guile stop the talk and the whisper. Some step and turn and watch them pass. Their feet tap the puddles.

''I know for this was my fate,'' sings Shake.

The song singes through alleys filled with tents and leantos and people standing guard. 

''When I danced with flute too late.''

The people part path and smile and stare with Guile and Shake and Guile.

Guile warms near a burn with the people's giving thoughts. Guile castes the feel of warmth and comfort to Kicker and Shake.

Kicker warms, and Shake feels heat from Kicker and Guile giving calm to his rough, crackling voice.

They pass under a skinny bridge passing over the buildins and the roads.

The horse man leading the chase glances back to Shake, Kicker and Guile.

The people around the man press to see Shake. 

Shake sings with Kicker's pace. 

''The Villious Troupe is coming to loot.'' 

''If you kick them with the boot." 

''You still dance with their flute.''

Shake carries the note.

Kicker's hooves clomping four beat over flat stone road.

Shake ends the note and  lets Kicker clomp and clod the stone. 

People part and radiate emotion and thoughts of bliss to warm through Guile to Shake and Kicker.

Shake sings in beat with Kicker. ''If you bunch them with your fist.''

''A lying tell you will miss.''

''A show of the goblin hate.'' 

''Of hope the goblins will be late.''

''But the goblins DO NOT CONTROL OUR FATE!''

''FOR THEY ARE OUR DINNER TO BE ATE!''

Shake rises his fist and gently presses ankles against Kicker's side and rises from seat.

As people turn to find the voice. As silence spreads from the road to steps and balconey. Coughs are muffled. Face widens sight of eyes. People look up. More people smile.

As Guile walks and sees the person on the horse before look back, Shake sings loud. ''The Villious Troupe is coming to loot.'' 

''If you kick them with the boot." 

''You still dance with their flute.''

Shake sees the rider look at him. And sees the horse guide rider through people. The hands of rider at side grip hilts of daggers. Shake sings with his scratch garrgle voice loud enough for the rider to hear. ''The actors will lie to you until your loot is had.''

''The play of the song with the lute making you mad.''

''And you feel like everyone thinking you sad.'' 

''Remember as a child, easy to be had.''

''You are the one making you bad.''

''You can't be good if thought you baaaaaaaaaaaa...''

Shake cares the note of aaaaaaaaaaa to sound of a d.

The rider looks foreard. 

Kicker plays the beat. 

Guile provides the heat.

People stop walking. 

Shake lowers to wool sheet. 

Shake cups hands and he hollers with beat of Kicker, ''THE VILLINIOUS TROUPE IS COMING TO LOOT.''

''IF YOU KICK THEM WITH THE BOOT.''

''YOU WILL STILL DANCE WITH THEIR FLUTE.''

Shake lets the shout carry the emotion. 

People stare at Shake.

People on steps walking away look back. 

Shake sings, ''Punch one with a fist.''

''Another will try to kiss.''

Shake puker his lips to his a palm and blow it toward the other horse rider. 

The people part and many stare away the hunger and fear by Shake as Shake sings. ''With tales of goblins being our master.''

''And their drugs that make the world faster.''

People caste chill feelings into Guile. Guile feels deep freeze, pain of ankle, drop of stomach and press of blows after word master. 

Shake feels no cold. He feels only Kicker's beat and Guile's warmth and calm caste from the people. His audiance the people. 

Some of the people scowl and peer at Shake. Two fists raise.

Shake doesn't miss a Kicker beat and sings. ''But time DOES NOT CONTROL OUR FATE!''

''This is our time if we are not LATE!''

Shake carries a note with two Kicker time. 

The sings loud but now a shout or hollar,  ''WE MUST BE WARE OF THE VILLINOUS TROUPE!''

''THEY HIDE WITHIN COSTUMES AND DARK TIGHT SUITS.''

''THEY WILL KILL THE OTHER FOR SPENDING OF OUR LOOT!''

''WE NEED TO UNITE AND MAKE THEM EAT OUR POOP!

Guile, Kicker and Shake trot through and intersection.

People stare. Many smile. Some laugh and smile and pass on by. Their dirt covered faces lower to the ground as the sound of Shake's voice spreads from the intersection to silence.

Shake glances around the intersection.

The intersection spanes Wane to Wax and Set to Rise.

Wane spans a direction travelled with a path closing behind. Some look at Shake and turn to face their walk along their road or the ground at their feet. The buildings of stone and wood span to trees and mud and people. The people crowd the intersection before the path afore.

Wax is afore. And Wax like Wans is a direction of people and buildings and mini bridges. The people move and walk from buildlings, along road and around wagons and stagecoaches slowly being pulled along the path. The building's stand four the five levels hight with balconeys, window frames, stairs and walkways of wood. Reliefs of chisles, dwarves, humans and trees are carved into the wood surfaces.

Set spans a few buildging toward the mountain to trees and mud with camps and leantoes. The road turns and curves from sight into the pine trees gowing taller than the buildings, but no taller than the mountain. The mountains spans to the sky and to the canyon. The canyon a directly Rise, so is the tall of dirt, rock, trees like an earthen castle.

Rise road spans between buildings, warehouses, houses, farms to the horizon. People jostle away around hide covered wagons. The road spans from flat stone to cobbles stone to mud to snows tracks of wagons pulled along the fiels from the people thin then the road opens to the frost and snow covered fields.

Shake, Kicker and Guile see. They feel the warmth of the people from Guile. The feel calm from the song of Shake.

Guile lifts to top of toes and looks Wax to watch the cloak covered rider and horse.

The rider and horse jostle and stall near wooden sidewalk spanning from a building on the intersection.

The intersection passes and the people slow their part until Guile and Kicker jostle with the people cramming the roads.

Kicker steps around bed rolls and firpits. Guile follows

The smiles and stares of joy slowly become frowns and peers. The people looks away.

Guile feels the warm feeling from the people cool then the freeze.

Shakes lowers  and leans toward Kicker's head. ,,We need to follow that rider.''

Kicker clomps and pushes aside a pair of men dressed in mud rags looking at one of the man's palms.

Guile hears and follows Kicker to the horse standing riderless next to a wooden walkway and a four level building.

The building stone stacks with morter four levels high. The building is tall and wide. Each level above the wooden sidewalk extends a bacony  along the streets. A lone man holding a steaming cup leans forearms on the rail of the second balcony looking over the intersection while following Guile and Shake with stare. Above the lone man is a balcony with women wearing hide coats with fur along the seams and parted to show the part of breasts and squeeze to flow over hips.

A calm silence seeps into Shake's mind as the echoes and emotion of the song freeze. 

As Kicker clomps a slow uneven beat through the people. Her shoulder bumps a man of men, who sneers and steps looking at Shake.

One man grabs a knife on belt.

Shake sees the grab of knife, clicks mouth, pulls Kicker's mane, says, ,,Knife, Kicker.'' 

Kicker clomps and lifts hoooves and swings shoulders hitting the man holding knife and his dirt stained friend to the ground.

Guile steps from Kicker's swinging rump with people. 

A circle forms.

Shake leaps from Kicker's back and pulls knife form leather bundle, tosses leather bundle over the face and head of the one with dagger then holds his knife to his thraot. 

,,WHY DON'T COME FOR EGGS AND BACON, BARD,'' hollers a voice from above. 

Guile and Kicker lookup as Shake sees the man above, but peers at the men before.

A man leans on the balcaony above the woodside walk. His elbows hold body at a lean over th rail. His hands grip a cup.

The one with knife ant throat relaxes. The other looks up.

The man on balcony nods, stands and walks from rail.

The other before Shake stands and steps back, says, ,,Inside, bard.''

The man steps away from Shake into the crows and away from the Kicker.

Kicker and Guile follow the man as he pushes through the crowd to the wooden sidwalk and into the door of the building.

The poeple watch. A few men with swords on the sidewalk smirk and smile at the man walking in.

Shake twists the leather shirt tight around head and puts knife against through, ,,You its bitch.''

The man's shoulders shrugg, says a muffled. ,,Yes.''

Guile hears the yes and steps into the crowd looking over the people.

Kicker walks and thows butt pushing people away from Shake.

People glance and peer. The past and stand. 

The horse near the wooden sidwalk rode by the cloak covered ride whinneys and clomps feet. 

Kicker looks at the horse and blusters.

Cold breath pillows. Slush slops around Shake. Ankles brush back.

,,Slit his thraot or let him go,'' says the voice of the man that was above. The man that was above steps from twin doors and to the edge of the wooden walkway. ''His dagger won't cut you for I guide it." He spits a black gew from mouth that flies over the people and lands on the shirt of the man held by knife.

Shake looks to Kicker.

Kicker clomps rear hooves as Shake leaps back with knife in hand. His back hits someone in the crowd. 

Kicker steps away and nods Rise. Then she busters and steps backward with butt pushing soft past Guile. She steps and nods and touches nose on Shake boots tied with beld. 

Shake grabs the belt.

Kicker clombs away through the intersection down the middle of the road to the field and trees 
of the horizon. 

,,It's a cold morning for song, my friend,'' says the man from building. His stocky frame sort tips side to side with slight limp over the side waslk to stand by Shake. He extends an arm. ''The name's Coal,''

Shake steps on wooden walk way and grabs the forearm of the man. The man grabs Shake's forearm as Shake says, ,,Speed, the Bard.'' He points to Guile, and he is my friend. ''Haste.''

,,Well, I'll feed both of you,'' says Coal stepping back as people step from his path. ''Maybe talk about some entertainment for the guests?'' His voice a force that carries through the cold morning. It puffs and spreads like the steam billowing from his mouth. He steps and walk toward the door and walks in saying, ''Come inside.''

Shake looks to Guile. And Guile looks to Shake. The nod and step after coal follow the wake of his flow into the building. 

Shake watches and sees Kicker gallop past and toward the fields. 

The two men with daggers stand on mud street walk from the building through the intersection nudging the other, while spraying words and pointing. 

Shake steps through the doorway, and Guile follows. 

Wood smoke and heart lead through the door. 

The ceiling two levels from base with a balcony one level above along the four sides of the grand room. 

Smoke rise from a central fire pot below funnel to a chimney that rise above and through the ceilng. Pots, grates and flat iron grill hang over coals and flames. A bar surrounds the circlar fire pit as a midpoint where the table benches end and round tables with chairs begin to span over the surface of the wooden flows. 

A huge hearth holds flames along the Riseway wall. 

People stand and sit around the hearth and drink and talk. They eyes stare and glance watching twitches of people sitting against the wall, in the shoadwos and around the room. 

People fill the seats and the standing room around the bar. Trays of steaming duck, potatoes, grubs and soup rise and lower.  

The grand room is filled with low talk a few grunts and many people sitting  along long table benches. 

,,Over here,'' says Coal's loud voice. He hobbles between the benches and toward the bar. 

People nod at Coal and step and lean from path while Coal hobbles past.

Shake and Guile follow with Shake holding the hild of knife wrapped in the leather shirt. His other hand holds the belt with ends tied tight around the boot tops. 

Guile follows and lets the wool sheet fall loose to bundle under arm. Here and htere he looks at people and the wooden relief carvings etched into the railing of stairs climing along the side walls to the ceiling. 

The reliefs images etched in wood along the table tops are covered with plates and chalices. Spills of ale and water fill the etching of finger sized darves and humans carrying packs and pulling wagons along a from a mountain on one end of the bench table and down the center to the other end of the bench table to a slant spread of buildings. Trees and brush ectched from the center to the edges under plates and chalices, dirty fingers and scared hands. The relief along the table ends with a picture of a human and a dwarf detailed like the carving inside Guile's home.

Guile walks between tables to Shake as Shake looks about for the girl with the red hair that is seen nowhere withing the dirty cloaks, matted beards, long scarred faces and shaved heads of a group of people standing near four stools along the bar. 

Guile then hears Coal's voice over the talk and  grunts and chews with coughs abound through the room and around. 

,,Here,'' says Coal's voice that carries and points to him as he splits to fingers to point to the four seats by the bar. ''Sit here if you like.''

He walks along bar then steps behind bar.

Shake and Guile shuffle step between the black cloaks and shining plate mail of bald warriors standing and eating from chicken legs. 

Shake nudges one bald warrior in the back, and five grab their hip blades and peer at Shake, who nods and says quiet to let the ambient chatter talk awy his words, ,,My fools feet fooled balance.'' Then he sits on stools with Guile

As the bodies settle, Coal is behind bar and stands before Shake. He pulls three small glasses from under bar and sets them between Guile Shake and he. As he pours, he says, ,,I could you some one like you.'' The small glass fill with a golden liquid and the bottle capped and hidden under the bar. ''I need some one to cheer the crowd. Damn place gets more depressing every Rise.'' He grabs the small glass of golden liquid before him and throws liquid into mouth, swallows, ''Sad people hold onto their gold like it's their only form of hapyiness.'' He poinst empty small glass at Shake. ''Now that's depressing.

,,And how will the coin fall to my hand if I sing,'' says Shake.

,,From these moody goblins waiting for the next big adventure,'' Coal leans close. ''Take a look around kid. There's cold and magic snug tight around their fingers and wrapped loose around their necks. You only need to make lower the heads with laugh of song and you'll catch something.''

Shake takes is glass and puts the lips and sips at the edge of glass. 

Fumes of oak seep over tongue and sooth down thoat. A pit of burn bursts to  a waves of sweat hickery whisky through mouth and down throat.

A buzz flavor vibrates Shake's body as Shake gasps. ,,Singing for my supper,'' smiles Shake as he takes another sip from the whiskey from glass and smacks his tongue.

Guile lifts his small glass to nose and sniffs. 

,,Not going to bite you son. Not unless you drink too much.'' Coal takes another drink and hits glass to bar. ''Now. How about that song and singing. A good story.''

Shake feels the whiskey burn spread through body. ,,I have a few songs. I've lived stories of warnings of actors to steal your money and your mind, to sell you drugs before the goblins come. I have lived a story of a question to stop the goblin horde.''

Coal looks away. 

Shake takes a drink of whiskey. ''I have been in Branching and meet Branch.'' 

Coal looks at Shake.

The group of bald furwearing warriors glance. Black hair locked warriors with dreads over fur coats, leather and chainmail shoulder pieces glances at Shake. They begin to listen. 

Shake drinks the whiskey and sets empty small glass on bar top with a soft pop. ,,I lived the story of the black dragon flying to the sky carring Carlos the Barded Dwarf before the snow. I lived the story of the tower burning after the dragon flew.''

Coal stares with Shake. He grabs whisky and pours whiskey into Shake's small glass.

''I have been inside-'' >No,< says Guile to Shake's mind. Shake says without pause, ''A goblins tower of woreship.'' He drinks whiskey.

Conversations around Shake stop. People glance. 

Shake lets his voice raise to a natural loud talk. ''I have seen an illusion of the leader of the goblin army before that tower burnt to the ground.''

Nearly all glance at Shake. There feels to be silence for a few pumps of the heart. Then people once quiet begin to talk again. The talk spreads. Some do look and stare. Other's glance away but lean ear near waiting for Shake to speak.

Shake swallows whiskey. ''I have a tale of the legend of William Westmore fighting back the goblins hordes.'' He puts the empty small glass on bar.

Coal pours whiskey into Shake's small glass and his small glass.

Guile draws a maze from the whiskey glass through relief etched along bar. The maze traces around tiny, detailed, dwarves, elves, humans, gnomes, halflings holding pots, pans, caldrens, hammers, picks, chains. The maze draws between the thin stained marks scribing a path from a cave in a moutain and through a long tunnel then through trees. Then the maze writes away from elbow and the curve of the table obstruction creation and force Guile draw maze to small glasses and cobber coin that Coal slaps on table.

,,A copper for each eating cycle for stories by the fire with food, drink and a bed in the servent quarters.'' Coal nods at Guile. ''Your friend gets the same.'' 

Shake nods.

Coal leans to Shake and says, ''Keep the stories of the Westmores to the people in here.'' Coal looks around. ''they're not from around here.'' Coal nods to a window 

Coal looks to a person before a grill over circular firepit. He whistles, says, ''Eat. Then go by the hearth and begin your tales...''

Shake and Coal stare. The sound of the talk that surrounds and clangs of dishes silences around Coal and Shake. 

,,A cut,'' says Shake. ''A cut of the nights profits.''

Coal and Shake stare.

Coal smiles spreading wrinkles from beard. The tan wrinkles darken. He laughs louder than the loud of the bald warriors by Shake and the talk through the room. He slaps the table. ,,BARD.'' He says loud. Then says with loud talk. ''If your that funny go outside and tell jokes to the poor farmers and refugees living the streets.'' He grins and leans in and says with tone more hush than loud. ''If you charm the coin from the warriors of this house, then a tip and another nights work will be had.''

Shake nods.

Coal makes a fist and holds fist over the table.

Shake makes a fist and presses fist then stares with Coal. 

Coal slaps bar. He says loud. ,,Food here.'' Then he walks from Shake and Guile and talks with people cutting meat, stiring a pot and sliding and flipping steak, bacon, eggs, root over grates and grills.

Smells fo Rosemary, sage, pepper and grease fumes flow. Smoke puffs and rises with flames rising from burning bacon fat. Perfumes follows flow of woman with bust bouncing with girly and skirt behind Shake and Guile.

Guile's maze draws from reliefs to the smoke to the laugh of Coal before Coal walks away. Guild follows the waves of sound seen as colors around the shakes and lines of gray of sight. Guile sees through the crowd and sees the people.

People walk down wooden stairs decending from the ceiling to the balcony around the Wax and Rise walls. Grunts sound and arms raise from a gaintman stepping down stairs. People areound the hearth sit and stand staring into the fire. Their faces caste a mask of hypnotism by flames, warm and mugs clasped in their hands.

People eat, chew, nod, stand and walk from their hotel to stand onthe wooden walk and watch the people standing on the streets huddle, hold and beg to those stepping from the hotel.

Coal walks from Shake, and Guile says, ,,What's the name of the place?''

,,I don't now.'' Shake drinks last of whiskey pausing for the burn to spread and cool. ''I only can guess that it is Coal. Or the Coal Fire Inn. Something witty.''

Two plates covered with egg, bacon, bread are set and steam before Shake and Guile.

Guile nods at Shake and follows the grumble and hunger spread.

Shake's and Guile's mouths pause, eyes stare at food then fingers shoulder and pick food bits to shove in mouth. They sit hunched chewing mouth fulls while the next sscoop  or pinch rest in a hand.  The dirt and grime covered finger are licked clean and nearly bit as food his shoved into the frees space. They eat, the burp the look at empty plates.

Shake lickes is finger and pauses between licks of thumbs. ,,Now what?''

,,We go by the fire to tell our stories,'' says Guile.

,,For a copper?'' says Shake. He pushes a plate away and stands. ''We need silver, gold.'' He looks over the tables, the hearth, the bar the round tables and the level above. ''This place has got copper. Copper and whiskey.''

,,Coal said to us there would be tips,'' says Guile stepping back from the bar as Shake steps from the bar.

Shake says while peering at person to person through the crowd. ,,A tip from a manager or owner.'' He sees Coal talking with Lem. ''You'll die poor hoping for that.''

Lem's red hair flows to shoulders in gentle waves. Her robe hangs open to show her tight black body suit. Her pail skin contrast through the fight light, dirty faces, black armor and clothes, dark furs and soot along the wall of the hearth.

Coal and Lem stand near the hearth and talk under the stairs. Their eyes stare. Coal folds arms. Lem points toward the mountains.

Shake walks through the tables behind the back of crouching warriors toward the double doors leading to a cornor of the intersection. ''However,'' he says with loud talk.

Guile feels rage, calm, joy, suspition, tension, hate, pleasure a collective echo of calm and focus upon food, warmth, drink and... Guile hears Shake's loud talk then listen to Shake's low talk.

''Happy heroes hearing of adventure give coin.'' Shake looks and winks at Guile. ''We only need to tell adventure of riches.''

Guile nods. Shake leads Guile around the tables to the hearth leading between standing and stepping warriors, wizards and clerices addorn swords, bows, shields, rings, necklaces. They walk through smoke and bacon fumes. Hickory smoke and pine wood swoons over faces. 

Shake smiles, says with loud talk. ,,When I was in Branchings, the spread of wealth was found in every cube, every long hall and every large room.'' Shake glances back to Guile. ''Haste, you ever go through branch. Take  a run through the teleporting wall.''

Guile stares at the hearth and the men standing and sitting. ,,Yes.''

The hearth is surround by fire light and a semi circle bench, wooden chairs, a wide stone wall near fire's edge. Men wear leather, plate, chainmail, studded, woven armor in pieces. Large hide and fur coats lay over chairs. Beards, Weeaves, brais of hair lay on still shoulders as the eyes stare and those who speak speark low and at the ear of another. The chairs and standing roam stare nod, say a few words as light and heat bathes.

Guile feels a calm and harmony mixed with a deep dispare and fear, confusion and lose and a strong want for gain.

Shake says. ,,Branching has more riches than I've seen during all my days. I've even been to Waterdown.'' He glances back  and steps between two chairs sitting men drapped with hide and furs and metal plate shoulder armor shining  firelight. Shake's voice cares at a talk. ''Branching riches where easy enough to find, but only a skilled thief to take.'' Shake wiggles his fingers and puts the pouch in pockets. ''So you need to watch.'' Shake looks around at the people. ''You need to keep the gold rings and magical amulets near or the members of branch. You need to watch out of the black glad branching theifs. Their tight black suits alway a shadow againstthe ends of a room or hall.'' Shake steps wtih Guile to a space by the hearth near the edge. He nodsto Lem and Coal. ''Like the tight black actor there speaking with Coal'' He stares at Guile with eyes wide and staring. ''Like because if that actor was of Branching then she wouldn't be dressing like a Branch.'' Shake leans close to Guile like telling a secret, but loud for all to hear.

,,The Black Clad Beings of Branching are only there to protect the interest and survival of Branching. The are like showdows until you cause Branchingharm. And never.'' Shake leans against the wall and nods at Guild. ''Never steal or harm the black clad beings of Branching for I have seen anger in the white pointed eyes. Always everywhere. Always where they need to be like leaves of a branch reaching for the sun,'' says Shake with loud voice. 

The flame light cates light on Shake and warms face. He leans against the wall. ''And then there is the Oger mage I'll call Grunt for fear revealing his identity may have those black clad being look down upon me.''

A human covered in furs and hide and slouched in chair clears throat. He clears thoat and spit into fire. ,,Lies. Shut your lies.'' He clenches fist. ''
Or it be the a broken face.'' 

A few people to dirty and heaped with cloths and armor hiding all definition of sex smile and raise a chalice and drink. One grunts, ,,Branching.''

The fire pops.

Shake looks from Guile to the one slouched in chair. Then he looks at Guile. ,,Ogre Mage was not only a powerful enemy dressed in robes of Waterdown. Necklaces of gold and platinum. Rings on fingers and tuskes as white as snow. He nearly ate my friend Spear. The ogre hated, I say, hated a wild warrior like Spear. And how could blame him. Spear-''

,,Quiet the lie!'' says the slouched man near a holler, louder than the talk and mummbles of the room.

Lem and Caol look over. 

Shake sees then looks at the man. ,,Would you like to tell my friend about Branching?''

,,I plug your mouth,'' says the fur slouched warrior gripping his chalice.

,,Are you a member of Branching?'' says Shake.

,,If it'll make you hold still.''

A few people laugh and raise drinks to Shake.

Shake throws pack over shoulder and grabs knife hiding against hip and forearm. He looks at Guile. ,,Some one believe me to be their mother.''

More laughter spreads and cups and chalices are raised. A hand slaps the slouched warrior's back.

The warrior leaps from chair and at Shake. Two warriors grab the other warrior. One grunts. One says with growl, ,,Sit. Groul.''

Groul pushes against the two men then sits. ,,Lies. No lies.'' 

Guile stands from a lean and looks between Shake and Groul. He pushes mental push to the mind of Groul during blink-of-an-eye. The force rebounds and hits Guile's thoughts.

,,Lies,'' says Shake. ''Lies. There are lies in Branching, but there are no lies of Branching. Their places in branching where one lies before they are dead unless you know Carlos the Barded Dwarf.'' Shake looks from Guile to the people around the fire. ''I was almost dead as I hung from a stake with eyes covered and pain wrecking body.''

,,You a member of Branching,'' says one that was holding back  Groul. He lift large chalice and drinks then settles into a sofa chair.

Shake glances then looks at the warrior. ,,No, my finding of branching an accident. My tale true. The end. I meet Branch.''

A few people glance from fire to Shake and mumble underbreath.

''Yes,'' says Shake looking to all. ''Branch. I met Branch. And I found Branch while hiding from the goblin horde in Westmore Valley and searching for a friend Buckey. ''

People around the fire glance at Shake. A few people watch him gesticulate trees, boxes, goblins and sword swings.

The fire burns.

Guile feels the burn. He sits and look watches Shake letting his mind draw the mazes between the soot covered reliefs, the gaps between the morter and the shifting patterns of people. He feels his heart thump deeper wanting the heart dagger near, as close as Shake.

Shake talks of Branching with William as the hero and he as the savior after Carlos frees them from the bonds. His eyes and face caste masks of emotion like surprise, shock, worry, tension, fear as hands begin to move to show while he tells  the story. He walks around the peole and watches Lem talking with Coal.

The people around the fire follow the story and Shake as Shake follows Lem and Coal.

 Coal and Lem talk with Coal peering along Lem's petite frame. The talk talk until Coal laughs and swats hand at Lem then walks to card tables point to the exit.

Lem stands and pushes a away a barechested warrior wearing a wolf head ontop of his own.

With laughter of from wolf headed warrior, Lem leaves casting a long glance at Shake. 

They stare for an instant then Lem leaves the hotel, mounts horse and walks down the road. 

Shake watches only long enough to spin to show while he tells of the battle with the thief he caught trying to steal his the few silver he had left from work in Waterdown. Then with a slash of his dagger and a face of rage, Shake flips a cooper from hand to air catching it. ''Then I laid the coin on his eyes. And we were told by the Ogre Mage Branch wanted our audiance.''

Guile watches shake catch the coin. He sees the standing room watching Shake tell his tale of Branching. He watches Coal step through the people and throw an arm around Shake.

,,Speed the Bard of Thieves,'' says Coal loud. 

Drinks are raised and drank. Food is ate. Convesation of adventures past and present spread through the warriors, wizards, clerics gathered near the hearth. 

Guiles stands from hearths edge and steps to shake. His mind is silent and heart beats soft. He hears Coal speak to Shake.

,,You can spin a tale boy,'' says Coal. ''Just don't get tangles.'' Coal grabs Shakes hand and presses two coins to palm. ''One's silver.'' Coal guides Shake through the crows with arm around neck the bar. ''Eat,'' says Coal. 

Two plates of food steam on the bar next to two whiskies. 

''Eat and tell me what you know of the fire hair girl.'' Coal nods back to the hearth.

Shake sits at the bar and grabs the whiskey, sniffs at the rim then tasks a sip. ,,Two nights ago. Came upon camp. Asked us our business. We told our business was none of theirs. They left. One night later we were leaving for Lyno. We were attacked. ONe subdued. One killed. The one kill was killed by the red head's friend, Jaxel. Name's Lem.'' Shake has another drink. ''Jaxel tossed gold on the ground for use to leave or help kill the troupe leader.''

,,If you have gold,'' Coal leans to Shake as Shake drink whiskey. ''Why do you need work?"

Shake slams a cold coin on table. ,,Fake.'' Shake taps the coin. ''Gold layer. A play prop.''

,,Actors?" says Coal. ''Never trust actors.''

,,Never leave money unchecked.'' Shake takes the coin and slips it to pocket.

,,Or a girl with fire hair.'' Coal nods. ''The burn will sting and could kill.''

Shake smiles, grabs apple slice and bitres, chews. He looks back to Guile.

Guile stands look at food. Food fumes, and Guile smells the sugar, animal fat, butter, bacon grease, fish. His stomach drops. His bowels fill and sake like Guile is passing a rock. ,,Water shed,'' says Guile. 

Coal stops his step. ,,Got one inside. The corner door. The one with the reliefs of dwarves hitting hammers on anviles.'' Coal steps and walks to the card table. ''More outside out back.''

,,If you get lost, or fallin, I'll be at the tables until after dinner story,'' says Shake to Guile's back.

Guile passes Coal and walks to the door between tables and past a path of people wearing aprons walking from the circle bar to open doors.

A whiff of stink and steam flow from door.

Guile's bowels bubble and Guile farts, walks by tables, pulls on lever poking through door with a relief of dwarves hammering on anivels.

Cuts and claws marks have defaces all the dwarves. 

The latch doesn't move.

Guile farts. He pulls on handle. 

The handle doesn't move. A grunts vibrates through door. 

Guile follows wall to open door with eyes scanning the card tables, bar, benches, dart board and hearth.

,,Follow the help out back,'' says Coal with a loud talk from the bar. ''There be a place to lay waste. ...Follow the kid with the bucket''

Guild smiles and nods and follows a kid carrying a bucket.

The kid and the bucket swish past basin full of water, stacks of cups, tables of food, steam, flames under pots. A stone path leads to a door to an alley way. 

Snow covers tops of awnings, barrels and a stack of wood. A coal bin is propped open. Cold wind blows through the alley. 

Stone wall rise to roofs three levels above. Clouds cocver. A skinny stone bridge passes above. A piller from the bridge along the wall of the hotel to a space between the four shacks.

The kid before Guile spills the waste wate into hole then begin too fill the bucket with coal.

Guile steps to the kid. ,,I need to deficate.''

The kid looks at Guile and stares.

They stare then the kid fills the bucket with coal.

He looks up and down the alley. Wane leads to people siting under boards and tarps and the street. Wax leads to snow three tall skinny shacks filling half the width of the alley.

Guile walks to the skinny and tall shakes then opens  a door.

A stone bowl rises from the center. The floor of mud splats as Guile steps in.

Guile peers down the hole.

Darkness and fumes of piss and shit make Guile gag.

The gag pushes on chest, stomach...

Guile sits on cold stone and pushes, shits and feels a wave of relief...

Shake does not shit, but eats and eats sallowing before chewing and eating until he needs to poop and before Guile is done wiping ass with hands, Shake feels  to dump and drop of waste through bowels as he swallows last bite. He drinks his whiskey then looks over the bar to the card tables.

Shake grips handles, pulls, door opens.

Two large stone bowls rest on podiums like seats. One bowl has a stream of water rising like a fountain above the rim. 

Shake loops a rope over the lever in the door, sits, shits then sits on the bowl the fountain. He stands letting his butt drip dry then pulls the leathers over body and walk out to the semicircle table.

Four men, two women and a fat elf with gut larger than Guile's and hanging from waist standing at the flat of the semicircle. The fat elf wears a hide shirt, bants with a scarf wrapped around neck. He deals cars to an elf as big as Spear with a dwarven axe strapped to back. Then to a two humans wearing black ropes and heads bald and tatooed. Then a woman wearing furs and gloves. Then two covered in dirt tattered clothes, skin pulled tight over boney features.

Shake sits by the muscled elf and puts two copper and the silver on the table...

Guile sits and shits and shits...

Cold seeps from butt to body. Skin feels stuck to bowl top. Bowels feels full. 

Guild sits and shivers. 

Then a shout is. ,,DRATTL!''

Snow crunches. Steps splat mud. Heavy breath pass then pause near the outhud.

Three bodies breath deep. Click and clacks over tone of a low rumble.

,,Quiet the talk,'' says another. The voice low and rumbles like some gargling water.

A smoother voice says between breaths. ,,What has been...Do they see...''

,,Yes,'' say another. 

Guile poops and the poops plops. He holds breath.

,,Quiet,'' says another. The sound more like a click than a surface talk word.

Their breathes slow and calm as Guile feels his heart beats.

Guile the being outside breathe...

Then a voice calls through the alley. ,,Boy, see any goblins.''

Water splashes. The sound of coal hitting bottom of bucket.

''BOY!'' hollers the voice. Distant mumbling follows the should as the splashing of feet to mud becomes loud and near. ''You see anything.''

Silence sans breath is...

''You listening-'' says the voice.

,,You got a problem with the boy you've got trouble with me.'' says Coal. ''Now step away before you have to hobble away.'' 

Guile feels poop fall and hears the poop blop.

The breathing near the wall of the outhud stops.

Guile's breath billows white.

,,We asking the boy if saw three run along?'' says a squeeky voice.

,,Boy can't talk.'' Then silence after a pause, Guile hears. ''He's seen nothing. Now leave him alone. Let 'em work in peace. There's not much else to keep one's mind from becoming lost in the chaos.''

There is silence around.

Breath and heart beats are the sounds inside.

Guile begins to hear Coals words slow then fast then one by one until a voice is in mind. 

,,Do care if we search the alley?''

,,State your purpose,'' says Coal.

,,There we three...'' the voice trails for a nother voice to speak. ''Creatures. No elf, dwarf, human, hafling, orc, ogre.''

,,Creatures,'' says Coal. ''No creatures around here but goblins.''

Guile sees through Coal's eyes.

Coal sees four mean wearing frayed rags and pieces of matted animal fur. Their hands and faces stained with dirt. The fur, rugs and skin see to be one. Daggers are strapped to hip, bicep, thight, ankle forarm. 

Coal slowly nods. ,,Don't leave the bodies in the alley. Don't harm the customers.''

Guile grabs the latch handle of the outhud door, says loud, ,,THERE ARE THREE CREATURES BEHIND SHIT HOUSE!''

Click and clacks, crumbles and groans with grumble loud and low as feet splat mud and crunch snow from the outhud. 

Two pairs of steps run past, and a third pair of steps stops before the outhud.

The lever latch wiggles. ,,What are you?''

Guile wipes butt with on hand and holds lever with other hand. ,,I AM.'' Guile pauses, wipes, stands and pushes door. ''Human.'' Guile steps from the outhud. He reaches to the top of the outhud and wipes hands through snow and against the stone wall to clean hands.

,,He's with me,'' says Coal. He folds his arms around barrel sized chest. 

The one dressed in fur, rags, and knives holds two knives and runs along alley. 

Coal steps and watches ragged runner. 

,,Hear any sounds from creatures you don't know? Haste.'' says Coal. 

Guile stands. ,,Pairs of feet.'' 

Guile hears the rough voice of the ragged runner and watches his motion replay over and over in mind breating down twitches and bends and stretches. 

The ragged runner runs Rise along another alley of stone buildings.

Guile sees and feels from the ragged runner.

The ragged runner leaps over people laying, sleeping across alley. He stesp between people sitting and barrels and wood boxes. 

They see three tall beings run two steps for one. They see the behind run to distant dots the run an alley Wax way as the runner runs to two friends, and Guile blinds to see the two outhuds then the alley.

Guile pulls and ties his waist rope tighter. He looks at fingers and walks to Coal. Then he nods and walk the kitchen to the bar. 

Shake sits at tablet table.

Guile's plate of food is on bar next to small glass of whiskey. 

People sit along bar. They stand by hearth. They walk the stairs behind. People walk through the doors to the intersection and the people standing outside.

A person, a being, as tall as the bar with a big nose, small hears and hair matted and tangles peers along the part plane at Guile's plate of food. It lifts a hide covered arm to reveal a hand with long fingers.

Guiles steps and focuses upon the beings hand then head. He focus a force of rage and creates an image in mind of the minature face then thrusts rage from body. and stands behind the being.

The being grabs heads and falls to its knees as a wheeze escapes mouth.

Guile steps by, sits on stool and picks up a sausage, bites chews, says, ,,Water.'' He puts egg in mouth, eats.

The small being stands rubbing heads, stumbling between the long table benches that lead to door.

Guile eats food and watches Shake.

Shake holds three stone cards like many tablets. One to twelve dots spot the tablet from a point to rows and columns. Shake has three cars with one dot. Shake has bet three copper. He has one silver in pocket. Six players push in three copper.

Everyone lays down a card. Cards with two dots, one dot, six dots, seven dots, three dots, five dots. Shake puts down stone card.

A silver is bet on the card with two dots. The card player with six dots, seven dots and three dots put in a silver.

Cards are laid on the table. Two dots lays with a two dot card. Six dot lays near a fix dot card. Seven dot lays near a six dot card. Three dots lay next to three dot cards.

A gold is flipped onto the two three dot cards. All put Shake pushes cars to center.

Shake pulls fake gold coin from pocket. He stares at his card then looks at the table of cards then looks at his card then taps the coin before the cars and thinks. He looks at the person with the two three holed cards. He stares.

They stare.

Guile sees them stare. He chews egg, the last bit of food, stands and walk chewing and linking fingers, watching Shake.

Shake sees Guile from side sight, breaks the stare and looks at Guile. He says loud, ,,My friend Haste I am feeling slow.''

,,Food has me slow,'' says Guile.

,,Did you find the outhud?'' says Shake.

,,I found the bowls,'' says Guile.

,,Are they cold,'' says Shake.

,,Yes,'' say Shake.

,,Play, thief bard,'' says the gruff elf.

The fat rosey cheek dealer stares at Shake.

Shake looks at cards then the fake gold coin between fingers. He glances and sets stare on the elf. Then says, ,,Was it loud?''

Energy feels to drop for Guile. His muscles weight and mind squints to see the gray lines to draw a maze but everything scribbles.

Guile closes eyes. ,,Click and clacks. Rumbling. Snaps. It was like talking. There were three of these voices,'' says Guile. He yawns. ''There were hunters or people running the back alley chasing.'' Guile opens eyes wide and strains sight. ''The three chased by other's. Fast runners.''

,,Click and clacks for talk,'' says Shake glancing from the elf to Guile.

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

,,Hobgoblins,'' says Shake.

Everyone at the table looks at Shake.

Shake says, ,,No it's those actors. Maybe they are starting a massive street play. Maybe they are better than I thought, and they are making people believe that there are goblins everywhere. Maybe that's true.'' Shake stops. ''That's a great idea  for a play. The whole down is the stage. Have the ending be in the town square for the end climax. Have them pay to come see. That would be a great idea. That would be the only way to have the grandest play in the entire land.'' He lays  the fake gold coin on card. ''I could hope one day to play water deep.'' Shake smiles.                                

Guile stares ate Shake then stares at the elf.

The elf throws down his other card.

People look at Shake. Shake rubs the vial in pocket. He lays his card on the table. Shake looks over the mintabletes with more holes than one. ,,Did I win?''

People huff. One stands and leaves. Another castes a long glare. Then an other says, ,,Seen enough goblin, don't need to be reminded.''

,,Yes,'' says Guile. He yawns, and head slumps. ''Sleep.''

,,Coal has a room,'' says Shake. ''Sleep. I will wake you for the dinner show.''

,,What's it going to be,'' says the muscled elf. ''Of the Dragon or of the underworld.''

Guile tries to peer and Shake, but only throws a glance as he walks to Coal who is behind the bar.

Shake grabs the silver and gold. He puts the fake gold into pocket then bites other gold.

It bends, doesn't flake. He looks at the face. ,,Waterdown coin.'' He winks at the elf. The elf flexes and grabs hild of hand had hanging at side, walks away.

Guile says, ,,I need sleep before the next tale.''

Coal glances at Guile then talks with a bald woman wearing shining chainmail with shoulder plates and hip plates. A gold rod hangs from neck of the woman. Both her and Coal laugh then Coal steps around the bar to guild. ,,What now bard helper? I got no time for talk with those without any coin that will be given to me.''

,,The bed,'' says Guile.

,,Into the kitchen, turn Wax, walk the stairs down. If the bed is folded and tucked then the bed is not claim. Lay, sleep and ready for the dinner play,'' Carlos grabs a bottle of whiskey and walk around bar to the bald armored woman.

Guile walks to the kitchen passing the boy with bucket full of coal. He turns Wax and walks ot a door. Door hopen he steps thorug and walks down stairs to rows and columns of three level high bunk beds.

The bed bottom to top are messed and scattered. thee small chests closed with locks lay chain at bottoms of bunks. Their base latched to iron archs embedded inot the stone floow. The stone floor and beds span to darkness.

Guile lays on a bed. He closes his eyes. He sleeps...

...Shake doesn't sleep. He sees Guile leaves then switche the real gold coin with the fake gold coin and slides the real gold coin on a inner pocket of hide pants. He tosses a copper coin on the table then leans back. ,,Lets play.''

Cards are delt. Coins are laid. Bets are made. Cards are shown. Coins are hoarded. 

Shake wins, loses, wins, wins, wins, loses, loses, loses, wins, wins loses, wins then loses. Shake taps the smail vial in pocket. He shakes his leg. He orders and drinks whiskey. 

Shake grabs three silver, the fact gold coin and tosses a copper con to the dealer. He taps the vial in pocket. He look at the five people at table. ,,Gentlemen. It has been a pleasure. I must depart and prepare of the tonight's show.''

,,What story will you be spinning now,'' says an old man, who coughs and hacks.

Shakes steps. ,,It will be one of discovery, of honor, of finding oneself under the mountain.''

,,Dwarves,'' says a woman heard chain mail shirt and a fur cloak wrapped tight around shoulders. He cloves make fists.

,,Of dwarves hated by dwarves,'' says Shake he bows slight and walks to the bar.

He taps a copper coin in the bar top.

A woman wearing mid drift dress, a brazer and a smile looks at Shake. ,,A coin for you kindness,'' says Shake. He lays the copper coin in the bar top. He says with louder talk. ''Will you please tell me the way to the beds for the workers. I have a friend-''

The woman blows bangs. ,,Kitchen, Wax, then down. Take only clean bunks.''

Shake winks.

She winks. 

Shake walks to kitchen, the wax then downstairs into a stone and dirt room.

Loud snoring guides Shake to Guile.

Guile lays on back and snores. The wool sheet spreads from round stomach. His boots and feet hang over edge.

Shake lets the boots fall to ground. 

The boots clomp to ground.

Shake taps the vial near the Waterdown Gold in pants pocket. He unties belt from boots. He grabs the crystal and rubs finger over its surface and slips it underwaist of pants into a pocket hanging against pelvis. 

The oats and beans on boots are dumped on ground and pushed underbed with foot.

Shake slide foot into boot and pulls on boot. 

Foots stops on bend. 

Shake pulls foot free, taks of lether wrapping and slided wool covered foot into the boot like a thick sock. He puts both boots on then pulls pants over boots tying a piece of cut leather are the pant end. 

He stand, stops feet and walk quiet around the bed. He bends feel and jumps three times. The first two the boots land with a clomp the last he leads near silent. The wide short heal givening Shake a platform the balance and lean back on the boots. He unfurls tunic and rolls the ends of his long shirt to hid the mud and sweat stains contrast agains the even spread of dirt and grime along the sleeves. He wrappes two copper into two locks of hair. He hides his on hip under tunic. He taps on the flat crystal then pulls the vial from pocket.

The vial of glass is nealy as big as Shake's pinky. The top is capped with a stiff ball of wax. 

Shake's tongue tip touches the tip of fix. 

A buzz tickles lips and spread over mouth and through tongue. 

His mind buzzes from calm thought of <It haste...Or...speed,> to <Speed. Good speed. the crystal are powerful. Itisbetterthanthe darts. Good....> He breathes deep and feels the pound of heart vibrate like the buzz from the taste of Speed. His thought begin to slow and hone and focuse. Between the snores of Guile he reasons to words. <|After the burning tower. After the burning gobling. No, after the burning. After the goblin temple was burning, we found our destiny through the drain and swear of the gobling town to the aquiducts of the dwarven lands.> Shake thinks as he walk around and between bunk beds.

A person rolls over and looks at Shake. Then the person looks at Guile's snore.

Guile snores. He hears Shake's thought talk like Shake during Guile's dream. He sees Shake's thought become the tale Shake tales. 

Shake steps with silence thorugh the dark to the stairs, the kitchen, by the bar and to the hearth. His mind a stream of thought repeating, sorting, finding, defining and searching for a way to begin the tale through the crowd no Guile is sleeping and there not be one to talk to begin.

,,Are you going to tell us a tale, Speed the bard theif,'' says Coal with loud voice.

The voice slows the speed of Shake's thought allowing the question mark to end the point of mental chatter and begin the story as Shake speaks.

,,The story begin with the buring on the goblin temple in Westmore canyon. The story ends after life amongst the dwarves,'' says Shake loud and clear and to the balcony, the stairs the doors and even in the kitchen.

People sitting at the card tables with back to hearth and  cards at play look back. 

The mumbles, talks, coughs and chuckles from the full bench tables quiets. 

The people around the hearth part for shake to take hs position on top of its ledge. 

Shake walks, steps and stands heads above the standing room and says with loud talk, ,,However, the throat may be too dry to speak.''

A few people laugh.

A bartender with breast flowing from brazier walks to shake and hands him a glass of whiskey. the warriors watch her clean eboney and hourglass shaped body walk and flow to and from Shake.

Shake sips the glass and says loud, ,,After near a seaon under ground in the soot and dirt of the a mountian city, a creation as clean and pretty as that gives me pleasure and sense enough to make sex with may self fun.''

People laugh. The watching warriors of the ebony beauty tip drinks and look at Shake.

Shake says, ,,The goblin tower was not as pretty, nor was it as inviting. And i was about to be cooked for their dinner...''

Shake tells the talke of the escape into the tower then the fall of it. He sees the Lim standing near the entrence. 

Lim's red hair caste bright with the tourch light and the hearth.

Shake stories castes to Guile's mind. 

And Guile's sleep mind feels the tale show the sights of the dwarven cistern.

Guile walks. He stands and walk to kitchen. He hears the work wererat.
 
Shake grabs a small glass of whiskey and tosses it into the fire while he tells of rush through the tunnel to the mud slide into the dwarven realms. He makes claws with hands when telling of the wererats. He looks all thought as he begins to tell of the wererats transforming into dwarves.

The speed sends a buzz through mind and slows for shake to see the expressions and reactions to words and acts. The buzz wakens details and story giving the mind a nimble thought to read, edit, write and speak while acting and sounding the story. The story speeds through the rush of the wererats.

His mind feels nothing, and the speed slows, the buzz stops, the story is lost. Only the surface talk words in mind of Shake, >Stop,< as Guile walks from the kitchen.

Warriors, wizard, clerics and the barkeeps stare at Shake's silent motionless body.

Shake hears only the story of his heart beat. He stares then see Guile.

Guile stands at the edge of crowd around the hearth.

The fire dims and flames caste shodows.

,,Then darkness,'' says Shake. He closes his eyes. He takes a bow and says, stands, ,,And darkness became light, but now it is not the right time for that tale.'' He steps and falls to the ground.

People tip a drink. Coversations of the mystries and stories of the dwarves. The talk of the town and it as a trading post are spoke in tales that grow around.

Shake walks around trying to walk away from Guile, but walk to a big being that

A being wearing coif, black chainmail, furs, hide and a belt wider than Shake's arm. A big dirty fist points a big dirty finger at Shake as a gruff voice says, ,,You, started the fire in Westmore Canyon?''

,,Not only I, but my friends,'' says Shake staring through an explosion of strangling hair that covers the beigs faces.

,,Take me,'' says the being.

Guiles stand by Shake and peers.

Shake feels an itching sensation spread through body. He glances at Guile and stares at the huge being. ,,My life can not be bought and my life is what I may sell if I go back to the canyon.''

,,I protect,'' says the big fisted man. 

Shake's itching becomes burning as Guile stares. ,,My friend, the tale will begin soon, but now I must be off to the alley to let the whiskey flow free from me.'' Shake smiles and bows. He steps back lloking at the hair gaint being then walks from the crowd, through kitchen and to the snow covered alley.

Snow falls from the dark sky. Flame light illuminates the out huds and a large chest. Three people wearing aprons and hats. They pipes smoke and lips mumble.

The cold cools the burn and itch over Shake's body.

Shake grabs hilt and turns, says with knife tip pointing at Guile. ''Get out of my head. Sheep herded mind reader.''

Guile steps, stands then stares. His body close enough for Shake to leap and stick dagger into chest. He breathes a white billow. ,,Not talk of my home.''

Shake speed body sweats and twitches and sped rage gives ache to the heart. ,,Home,'' says Shake. ''HOME.'' His knuckles turn white while grasping knife. ''You left.'' He points knife point to self. ''The story is mine.''

,,I don't want-,'' 

,,WANT,'' says Shake near a shout from the speed mind. 

Guile pushes the echo of Shake in mind to silence. The energy pushes is slow to the speed of Shake.

''You want your dagger? You want that adventure? You want to eat? Do you like that room?'' Shake peers at the men and woman wearing aprons as their conversation stalls to stares. Then he says at Guile. ''We need money.'' 

Guile looks at Shake. ,,The tales will lead the desperate to the entrance to home.''

,,There are more stories about the dwarves in that mountain than I have life to tell!'' Shake paces circles and shakes head.

,,The thoughts may have been created about my home,'' says Guile folding arms and cuddling his shivering shoulders.

,,Home,'' says Shake lowering his blade with a shaking hand. ''You are home.''

He grabs the gold coin in pocket, grabs Guiles wrist and locks hands with  Guile before Guile can blink. ,,This coin will get your dagger.'' Shake points down the alley to the fires, smoke and people standing in the street. ''If you can get change then go home and warn them a bunch of adventures too weark to leave a dying city are going to climb the mountains looking for a way in because so bard, who no really believes is sending them there?''

Guile holds Shake's hand. ,,Is this the real gold coin?''

,,It's your tip? You're payment.'' Shake pulls hand from Guile. ''I've got people to entertain to get my payment.'' He walks through the kitchen and into the hotel room of entertainment.

Guile  takes the coin and walks along the alley past the men and woman wearing aprons and short sleeve shirts. He walks through the snow and slush and mud then the wooden walkways to the mud streets and people.

People stand around fires and huddle close. Pots and pans are held and hung over fire. Coughs and crying speak the only conversations through a silence the spreads from the buildings along the intersection and roads.

A cold wind blows mist and wind blows. 

People huddle and stare into fires.

Guile feels the cold and feels the slop of mud. He feels the darkness of night from the people withouth the need to feel or read the minds. Looking back at the hotel, he walks away and walks Wane into the wind through the people, gripping on the gold coin and thinking of the wool sheet on the bed inside the hotel...

In the hotel, Shake walks from the kitchen with heat beating, sweat driping and eyes as wide as coins. 

,,SPEED,'' hollers Coal from above.

Shake looks above.

Coal leans elbows on railing of walkway and holds a cup of steaming liquid with palms. 

''Come talk before your next performance. Be that now or later or tomorrow.'' He stands and says, ''And dont' for get some spirits and food.''

Shake stands and stares then looks over the crowd.

People stand from the bench table leaving plates and goblets. People stand by the hearth, a few point at Shake. People sit at the card tables and around the bar. People stand with drink. 

Smoke and burnt fat hover through room. A thin haze of smoke hangs above. 

Shake follows two women wearing dress walk wooden stairs to to the walkway of the second floor and through the roof. The women wink back at Shake then walk the stairs up and up as Shake stops and walks along path to rail and doors. He chews on nother and clenches jaw. His fists are tight balls with white knucles.

The smoke overing along the ceiling twist and turns and creates shapes of dragons and mountains all displayed for the story in Shake's mind.

The wood squeeks with each step of Shake.  The squeaks begin to speak to Shake sending words

Coals found flaps and tongue licks lips. He stares over the crowd. ,,You can charm a crowd and spin a tale.'' Coal looks from person to person while stopping to spy on the people behind the bar and carrying trays with drinks around glancing at the people they pass. He pauses on hands and money belts and rings, necklaces. His voice gives pause the talk and rucus of below. ''You're young.'' He looks at Shake.

They stare. They lean on elbows. Their elbows press against the rail. 

''You don't look the writing type, and too young to have told a lie often enough that you could tell the story that good.'' Coal looks over the crowd and watches a barmaid wearing a corset and a dress.  

Shake looks at Coal. His wide eyes like full moons illuminate and feel Coal's respect and interest. His racing heart beats his desire to talk. His clenced jaw holds words. The moon eyes looking at the people below.

''This audiance has a few stories like yours. So young you may be, a bard who can command such an audiance you will be.'' He side glances and holds a side stare. ''Seen you quick with that blade. And the talk of cards.'' Coal stands facing shake and leans on elow. ''Looking to hire and show someone of trades. Not a thug like those two outside. All they need is spirts and pussy for loyality.''

Shake stares at his audiance. Shake feels Coal's warm echo and head. He feels the words shine from his mind. His jaw clenches words as a rush of awe, control and greatness. 

The people move slow. The some floats calm.

Coal's looks over the crowd. ''But I'm no looking for now amature. Because there's great money to be lost if the people outside decide one day to raid this place for the food and shelter. So if you want that percentage of the day's take on drink and food, then sing me away to get the people on the streets wanting to protect our food and shelter.'' He leans in close. ''They're the audience.'' He leans back then leans with elbwo against a rail and looks at a balding man wearing an apron and holding a tray. ''And you friend can eat and stay for free. We've got bigger bed if you need to share. Rooms to go for private time.''

Laughter breaks the clench of Shake's jaw. Laughter spreads over the bar. Laugh rough and steady near a growl. Shake smiles, ,,I like my breast bigger and back less hairy.'' He looks at Coal. ''I could use a private room with some of these women walking to the rooms above, but I only have copper or too and I could go all night.''

Coal smiles stands, laughs. He steps, slaps Shake's back. ''Speed, if you can charm the people of the town. They will give all night.'' Coal walks down stairs to bar.  Shake feels to glow like an angle blessing all with brillance of being. Shake feels the audiance calling for him with their glances and gestures. Shake clenches jaw and begins to think of wererats, dwaves and the Rose Pack Warriors.

A buzz of the tale brightens his glow. The story grows. It's tales twists around through audience below before even a work speaks from Shake's mouth. A mouth clench and pulsing. A face, sweaty and stiff. Eyes wide and looking over the crowd until they see a red haird woman wearing a fur coat and a tight black suit.

The tale unwraps from Shakes mind as Lim's look pulls Shake to her

Lim glances then looks at Shake.

Shake's jaw locks to whisper, ,,Where's Jaxel?''

Jaxel sits on horse before Guile.

Guile, who walks around the campfires, tensts, heaps of cloths and huddled people, sees Jaxel.

Jaxel rides a horse with four people wearing cloaks, tightblack suites and cloth coifs walk around Jaxel.

A club torch held by Jaxel brightens the dimming day.

,,There be hope for all in the tales we bring,'' says Jaxel as if he talkes to one of the four walking around he and the horse. ''There be truth in the words we sing,'' said near shout for Guile to hear as he follows his heart thumb to the stone barn after the stone warehouses.

Fires flicker inside the warehouses. Fires smoke here and there. People stand and watch Guile pass.

A pair and a trio of thin, short people walk wearing tight black bodysuits and furly cloaks. Their boots tie nearly to their knees. They step smooth and calm through the people. Their fist cover mouths to blow or cough.

Guile walks through a huddled group and near a fire to catch stares and sneers, but pass the actors of the troupe.

,,AAAAAAH,'' says a mud covered human near Guile. They slap neckes. ''Wha...'''

Guile walks through the cold and the night. He rubs shoulders with arms, stomps through mud and slush and along the sonte walls of the warehouses then the barn of Laddin.

The stonewall of Laddin's stable spans past to tall and wide wooden doors. A path was wide as a leap spans between the camps and the stone walls. 

Guile was the path by one large door. He grabs handle and pulls on the door. 

The doors do not more.

Gulie walks to the second and he pulls, and the doors do not move.

People cough, spit and cry. Mumbles and low talk fill the silence between. 

Guile hears his nasel breath and wheezing lungs. He feels the wet seep through a boot. He feels the still cold freeze ears. He steps around the corners of the stone walls.

Trees span around. Firelight flicker through trees. 

She walks around the corner then sees light illuminate from the stone stable a sprint for Guile. Guile neither sprints nor runs. He walks with a slow and steady walk to the light.

The light get brith and near white. It shines from a window near a door a forerm lenght wider than Guile and a head taller. The light shines from a window an arm wide and tall. 

Guile lets arms fall, grips coin, knocks on the door.

A billow of cold blows from mouth and nose. Snot drips.

Guile sniffs and stands. His jaw shivers. 

Guile stands. 

He pounds fist holding gold against the wood door. 

The pounds are the only sound around. The pounds fade. 

Guile stands, sniffs, glenches fist. The hearth poounds and creates and sound deep in mind and soul. 

A feel and cry from beyond seeps within as Guile stands. Sorrow and love feel warm the Guile. He sways. He stands and stays as the warm love feeling becomes a burn of rage as Guile stares at the door, so he leans and see through the window.

A table and chair by fires stand by fire. A black pot hangs over the fire. A bowl with brown liquid steams.

The door opens. Light shines.

Guile's gray vision becomes near white. Then the white fades to grays contrasting Laddin.

Ladddin's  holds a short sword, wears hide leather and pants to match. His hear is matted to a side. His face shades of white and gray with dark eyes. ,,Speak or go silent you will be.''

The voice of Laddin begins to repeat and replay in Guile's mind. 

Guile stares and speaks calm and steady like reading something for the first time. ,,My dagger.''

Laddin steps to side letting the light shine on Guile.

Guile's mental voice of Laddin begins to talk and talks with Laddin.

,,You,'' says Laddin. ''Got my gold.''

The word gold repeats in Guile's mind as Guile opens his fist to show.

Laddin reachs. ,,Give me. I'll get your dagger.''

Guile closes his fist. ,,No. Dagger.''

Laddin looks behind Guild and side to side. He humphs and shakes head. ,,And an ambush from the that skinny thief friend of yours.'' Laddin steps back, shuts on door and holds open door while pointing arm along a hall to a door. ''In.''

,,In,'' Guile hears and hesitates for an instant as the word, ''In,'' repeats then echoes. Guile steps and follows the echo into Laddin's mind. In Laddin's mind hearing like sound the thoughts of Laddin, Guile steps to the door at the end of the hall.

The door behind shuts. 

Dim candle light illuminates.

Guile walks the hall.

Laddin thinks, <No one...Back. This person weak. Take him. Don't need other. Others. What light time? ...Sore...Pudgy. Can't...There's the door. The door. What's the order.> Laddin says, ,,Step back. Keep thos arms out of pockets.

Guile steps to side.

Laddin step and thinks, <|One down, two up, three down,> and she croches to the door and a row of quill sized levers sticking from door until he says, ''Turn your eyes and your back.'' He peers at Guile until Guile turns.

Guile turns the body, but leaves the mind with Laddin's thought.

Laddin thinks, <|One down, two up, three up, four down, five middle, six down. seven down, eight middle, nine up.>

The door clicks. Hinges squeek. 

His heart beat pounds mind to body and body to mind as one. 

,,Turn around. Inside,'' breathes Laddin. 

Guile sniffs snot, nods and walks into the dark room. The gray shades darken, but Guile sees a wall of columns and hand sized doors. 

The voice in Guile's mind talks to silence until hears only Laddin's feet walk over stone. 

A desk rests against the small room. Upon the desk a book remains closed.

The door closes. 

Then a flame flashes and a candle burns.

,,Gold. Give it,'' says Laddin. His big callased hand opens.

Guile's heart pounds in chest. He drops the gold coin onto the palm of Laddin. ,,My dagger.'' He pauses for a sniff. ''Give me my dagger.''

,,Wait, wait, wait...'' Laddin says. Clearing throat and squinting eyes, he hold the gold to the light. He rubs his finger over the surface then bites the gold for a bend. ''Waterdown.'' He breathes through nose and looks at Guile. 

He pulls a key from around neck. ,,Don't get ideas. Won't get beyond the door.''

Guild sniffs and rubs hands over biceps and forearms.

Laddin's key slides into a key hole at the center of the rows and columns then turns the key once then twice. He reach to the top row and opens the door.

Guile feels a calm spread from heart to the tips of toes. He stares as Laddin slide the dagger from the compartment. He stares as the knife is lowered and the hilt held before.

,,Take it. Be gone,'' says Laddin.

Guile stares at the knife. 

''Stand there be idoit. I got sleep.'' Laddin shifts his stance and huffs.

Guile grabs the knife hilt, stabs at Laddin's chest. 

Kinfe tip nips and cuts Laddin's chest, shirt.

Laddin grabs Guile's wrist and neck. He grunts out. ,,Worthless...Thief.'' Blood spread from his chest.

Guile's heart pounds rapid beat. The beat spreads a rush of strenght and rage. He breathes saliva from glenched mouth and he feels the rage spread from knife, hand, arm body. 

Laddin's hand slips from Guile's wrist. 

The heart dagger stabs into Laddin's chest.

Laddin's hand around Guile's neck squeezes and he falls.

Guile grabs the dagger hilt with both hand and twists then jams the dagger deeper.

Laddin falls with Guile to the ground.

The chair and table are pushed aside. 

Laddin grabs at knife with both hands. He tries to pull Guile's hands from dagger, but hands slip and fall to side with his boy.

Blood spreads over the stone floor.

Guild stares at the lifeless eyes of Laddin pushing the dagger deeper until the rush of rage flows from body, and Guile pulls knife from Laddin's body.

Blood spreads over the stone floor.

Guile stares at Laddin's still body. He wipes the blade of the dagger on Laddin's coat. He shuts the door of cabnit where dagger was held. He opens another door that is empty.

He steps to the door with back hitting door. He stares at Guile's still and bleeding body.

He blows out the candle.

The bright gray's become dark.

Guile flips the nobs down, up, up, down, up, down, down, down, up, pushes door.

Door doesn't move.

,,No,'' he says. He thinks as middle then flips the rods.  <Down, up, up, down, middle, down, down, middle, up.> 

A click is.

Guile pushes door. 

The door opens with a creak that goes silent.

Guile looks at Laddin. He grabs the gold from Laddin's fist then closes the door to the room pushing all the rods
down.

With a breath and sniff the flames lighting hall are extinguished. 

Guile breathes through mouth and nose. He looks at his dagger.

it's jeweled hilt warms hand. it's sharp blade warms mind. A pulse of energy flows from it with the beat of Guile's heart. 

Blood drips from daggers tipe. Blood spreads over hands and cuffes of hide shirt.

Guile feels his heart beat with the pulse of energy flow from the knife. His feel follow the pulse over the stone flow and through the door, the night, and the window light. 

The crunch of snow and break of branches lead to Guile.

Campfire's flicker through branches and truncks of trees. 

Guile's run slows to a stand. He breathes deep breathes. 

Sounds of distant talk blow through the silience. The calm spread from Guile's raging heart. 

A quick sprint from the closed door to Laddin' room. The ends of the stable span a quick to a corner. Wax there is a warehouse wall and deep trees. Wane there are trees and spots of campfires. 

Guile sniffes.

He looks at the dark gray steps leading to him then the smooth surface of the snow around.

the trail of steps from him lead to the door. The door remains closed, and Guile runs Set toward the mountain then run Wax behind the warehouse.

Talk and fire light Guide shake away from eyes and minds. 

Twigs break. Snow crunches. Campires and sihlouettes of camps crowd and thicken. 

Guile slows sloppy runs to a jog then a walk. Lungs burn. Snott drips and sniffs. Forearm covers cough.

The stable and light from Laddin's window are hidden by the wall of the warehouse and the trees. 

Guile walks Wane and pauses near an alley between warehouses. 

Small campires, lean-tos, people laying, standing, watching.

A distant loud talk can be heard.

The loud talk become quiet to the crunch of foots as Guile walks through snow and trees.

Camps fires fill the dense forest along the path forward. 

Guile puts gold coin in pocket. He wipes knife through snow then slides knife into sheath. 

The loud talking hears to become a near song or scream that hears near a mumble.

He steps between stumps for people to sit, beds, tents, leantos and fires an alley between a wood and stone building then another alley between a wood and wood building until he steps to the road.

A few glances greet Guile's step to the slush and mud and camps.

There silence stares watch fires or the ground. 

A voice sings toward Set and near the intersection and the hotel.

Torch fires flicker on posts and awnings. Torches light the intersection and the faces starring at a sihlouette on the balcony of the hotel. There is another sihlouette near the center of the instersection and mounted on the horse.

A black body suite wearing being walks past and blows in hand. 

A woman slaps her neck and looks behind, ,,UPY.''

Guile steps and looks up as he turn and step through the crowds. 

The people stand. A few coughs, sneezes and bits of laughter spread.

Then Guile see the sihlouette become Shake.

Shake stands on the balcony. Shake was standing against the rail of the balcony inside the hotel and tavern, but he couldn't remain in while Lim walked the floor of the taven and dinning tables. He couldn't wait to warm the audience outside. He couldn't wait as his sped mind began to spin the tale of Lim and the actors pack spreading lies about him   through the town. Shake heard voices in his head of the people whispered and passing lies of Shake. He stared at Lim  and thought of the goblin sounds Guile had heard. Feeling like his audience would soon be another's, Guile walked the balcony inside to the balcony outside. Not even the cold of the outside balcony chilled Shake's mind to slow. 
 
Shake walked to corner of balcony over looking the intersection. He saw a few black body-suited being blow into hands. From hands, shoot darts into people's necks.

Shake stains fingers with charcoal, draws a flame from the lines of the crowd illuminated with flame light.

Shake stands on the balcony and begins to say loud to the crowd standing and shivering below...

''The Villious Troupe is coming to loot.''
''If you kick them with the boot."
''You still dance with their flute.''

The loud talking became a rough and lyrical song that shake sungs...

''From the forest near they do come.''
''Their poisons will hasten and make you dumb.''
''I know for this was my fate.''
''When I danced with their flute too late.''

Shake stains fingers with charcoal, draws a flame from torches held by the crowd. Shake extended arms and hands to the two actors stepping between the people...

''The Villious Troupe took my loot.''
''If you kick them with the boot."
''You still dance with their flute.''

People step away from the bodysuited actors as the actors walked from the intersection and toward wane.

Shake feels a tinkle of heat through body. The mental flame glows. Shake then begen to clap after each song line...

''If you bunch them with your fist.''
''A lying tell you will miss.''
''Actors lie until your loot is had.''
''You are their song of the mad.''

A few people clapped with Shake then bounced...

''The Villious Troupe is coming to loot.''
''If you kick them with the boot."
''You still dance with their flute.''
 
Shake saw Jaxel and the troupe walk toward the instersection...

''Everyone thinking you sad.''
''As a child, easy to be had.''
''You are the one making you bad.''
''You can't be good if thought you bad.''

Shake sung over the crowd and people looked upon Shake...

''The Villious Troupe is coming to loot.''
''If you kick them with the boot."
''You still dance with their flute.''

The clapping spread...

''Punch one with a fist.''
''Another will try to kiss.''
''Their drugs make the world faster.''
''But time DOES NOT CONTROL OUR FATE!''
''This is our time if we are not LATE!''

Shake looked over the crowd and wandered the balcony seeing his audience follow his struct...

''The Villious Troupe is coming to loot.''
''If you kick them with the boot."
''You still dance with their flute.''

Then Shake stood at the corner and rose arms above head to clap after each line with his singing shout...

''WE MUST BE WARE OF THE VILLINOUS TROUPE!''
''THEY HIDE WITHIN COSTUMES AND DARK TIGHT SUITS.''
''THEY WILL KILL EACH OTHER TO CONTROL THE SPENDING OF OUR LOOT!''
''WE NEED TO UNITE AND MAKE THEM EAT OUR POOP!

Shake stick butt to crowd, snaps fingers, says, ,,Grilan.'' He farts, feels pain in hand.

A few people laugh below. A few cheer. Many stare.

The feeling from audience cools the burn Shake feels in hand.

Then Shake stood as Guile seen him after Guile stepped toward the intersection.

From a door fram behind, Shake hears Coal's clap and say, ,,Good show, bard.''

Wane, Wax, Set and Rise people look at Shake.

Those that don't stare at Shake watch the black tightsuit actors walk away from the intersection.

The black tightsuit actors pull back camps, tied off cloaks and pull from cloak pocks hats, scarves, belts, beads, necklaces. They strap hats, scarves, belts, beads, necklaces around head, necks, waist, ears, necks.

Jaxel's horse and entourage stop near middle of intersection.

People step away from Jaxel.

Jaxel claps loud. ,,BRAVO, BARD!'' He looks around at the people. ''ANOTHER HERO TO TAKE SHELTER WHILE THESE PEOPLE SLEEP ON THE STREETS.''

Guile steps between the staring people.

Shake stands center light of torche lite behind. He says for all in interesection to hear. ,,There was an actor name Jaxel, who stole his name and torce from Daxel. The poisened every on with speed, so the lies he told were thought factual.''

Jaxel hollers with harmony and calm. ,,IS IT NOT FACTUAl YOU EAT FOOD AND HEAT BY THE HEARTH AND HAVE BED TO SLEEP!''

,,IS IT NOT FACTUAL YOU KILLED A FELLOW ACTOR, TRIED TO PAY ME WITH FAKE GOLD TO KILL THE ACTOR LEADER AFTER KILLING ANOTHER ACTOR?''

,,IT WAS YOUR DAGGER THAN KILLED MY FRIEND.'' Jaxel raises a knife for scabbard. ''NOW COME CLOSE, SO I MAY ADVENGE THE DEATH OF FRIEND.''

The speed people peer at Jaxel. A couple begin to step to Spear. Other's looks for the blacktights. The troupe walks the crowd in rags, rope and worn furs.

,,AND YOU ARE THE DEALER OF POISON TO THE UNWANTING PLAYERS ON THIS GROUND.'' Shake stand from rail and  frowns. ''LET THE PEOPLE BE AWARE THAT IF YOUR HEART HASTEN AND YOU ARE QUICK TO CONDEM THEN A BLACKTIGHT SUIT HAS DEALT YOU POISEN TO MAKE YOU CONVINCE YOU TO BET ON THEM.''

Spots of people heads looks around and down and walk in quick circles.

,,PLAYING CARDS,'' says Jaxel. ''BY THE WARM FIRE WITH A TOUCH SPIRITS WE POOR CAN NOT AFFORD CARDS.'' He look around the crowd. He raises flaming club torch high to case light shining upon the acting troupe now dressed in rags and robe trinkes with worn furs hanging. ''IT IS WHY I HAVE ONLY FAKE GOLD AND NOT THE REAL GOLD THE HEROS BY THE HEARTH HAVE IN THEIR POCKETS.''

A few people nod heads and peer at Shake. Other's look and walk away.

,,GOLD IS WORTH NOTHING WHEN ONE IS DEAD.'' Shouts Shake with rough, scratch, of very loud talk. ''SO LET THESE HEROES BE FED. TO SAVE THIS TOWNS MANY SLEEPING BED.'' People look at Shake. Shake lets silence spread. ''FOR THOSE WHO YOUR PEOPLE HAVE BEEN POIDENED AND SPED. TO YOU DEATHS YOU WILL BE LEAD''

,,YOU,'' screams a voice. A wide eyed, fist shaking man pushes and pulls from people toward Jaxel. ''I...''

Jaxel looks at the man and the man slows pace and lowers fist then stares at Jaxel. 

Jaxel says, ,,ME!'' with a loud and bass voice deep enough to fill a lake. ''IT IS THAT THIEF ABOVE WHO WANTS YOU DEATH.'' His voice castes a ripple echo. Then says and points to Shake while starring into the eyes of the sped man. ''IT BE THE THAT BUILDING AND ITS BARD RESPONSIBLE THEFT.'' Jaxel and the sped man stare. ''THEY EAT, DRINK, LAUGH AND GAMBLE UNTIL YOU'RE LAST BREATH.''

A few heads from the crowd around peer at Shake. Other's step way from Jaxel and the sped man.

The actors troupe walk between people and stand. Some peer at Shake and talk with others that peer at Shake. Other's mummble and walk away from jaxel and point at Jaxel with faces a mask of hate as brows V and lips snarl words.

Shake sees all eyes look to him. He feels not all minds liking. 

Guile covers blade and looks for blook on hide shirt, pants, boots. He steps near Jaxel and to the hotel while Shake begins to speak.

IF BORN OF LYNO YOU BE,'' says Shake. ''COME TALK WTH ME, PLEASE. AND TOGETHER WE WILL TRY TO SEE. A BRIGHT TOMORROW WITH OUT GOBLINS TO BE.'' Shake jumps back and down from rail. 

A few people clap. Many nod. All but a few stare.

Jaxel's club torch flame extingushes. 

Jaxel dismounts horse and walks to the doors of the bar hotel. 

A few people follow Jaxel. Jaxel  follows Guile.

Guile steps the stairs past the men who attacked earlier during the day. He walk through doors and along the table filled with warriors, wizards, clerics and bards drink hot cold drinks while watching Shake walk along the walkway with Coal near.

Shakes sped mind feels the rush and stare of all the audience inside the playhosue. He walk with Coal. ,,The redhead was here wanting payment to not use you place as the stage of their extortion play.''

,,That has been the general talk had between that girl and me,'' says Coal.

,,He's pretty good,'' says Shake. 'Never seen him play, but this is set. And if his ruling queen is still alive them people may lose their minds. Don't know every detail of how they execute their plan. Like I said, never seen him play.'' Shake walks around the corner to the stairs.

,,Now what is the next scene of your play?'' say Coal.

Shake smiles looks at Coal. ,,I know not.''

Shake and Coal walk the stairs.

Guile sees Shake and Coal descent stairs. Guild hears Jaxel holler before entering the building. ,,I GO NOW TO FIGHT FOR YOU. PLEASE COME HELP ME FREE THE WARMTH AND THE FOOD!'' Then Guile feels Jaxel walk behind toward the bar. Guile walks to bench table ends then walks to the hearth.

Jaxel follows path to the circular bar. He struts with strides between benches. Two commonly dressed depressed humans walk behind starring only beyond their step. A group of mud covered, rag dressed people fall in step behind Jaxel and walk with head hung low toward the hearth.  They step near bar as Coal and Shake step to ground.

The stench from the group spreads like a gust of wind blowing away even the dense smell of smoke from heath, pipes and the hearth. It is like death has spread from the people outside to the tables.

Shake walks from steps and calls loud. ,,Spirits for the bard Jaxel who stole his name from Daxel. And to bottles of warm milk for his babies.'' Shake grabs four copper coins. He flicks all with thumbs and catches. He slaps the coins on table.

At the tablebenches, warriors, wizards and clerics turn noses and peer at the poor slopping their way to the hearth.

Coal lifts a hand and a finger then creates a circle in the air.

The shouts of a few then many people from outside seeping through the doors and the doors are pushed shut against the forces of a gathering crowd wanting to be inside. Bartenders lift and roll keg barrels from the circular bar into the kitchen. Men and women wearing perfumes, skirts and scars walk the stairs. Three, four, five mend stand through the crowd and walk to the kitchen.

Shake feels the audience beginning to spread and become a crowd as he steps close to Jaxel and two glasses of dark spirits. His mind cycles through thought in flashes. Long streams of surface tongue text creates words, sentences and paragraphs of the story to tell though that story is scribbles in the sped mind. He inhales deep then exhales slow. His heart beat flutters and pounds.

The people around Shake step back and create a path to Jaxel.

Jaxel leans back agains the bar and crosses his leg. One hand rests on a knife hidden by hip, and the other hand hold the spirits. ,,We meet again, Speed,'' says Jaxel.

,,And who do want me to kill this night?'' says Shake.

,,I hope only the best for all and hope there has been no one who has met your blade,'' says Jaxel sipping on Spirits.

Shake sits and grabs whiskey giving a quick look of the crowds.

The crowd feels to become a mob.

The mob stands and pushes the stench and stink covered people against the wall.

Two warriors Shake has seen by the hearth stand near Jaxel and glance at coal while peering at Jaxel. Coal walk behind the bar as the last bartender leaves the cirular bar tying off an apron. A few people holding crossbows near to hip walk the balcony above and step to the balcony outside. Guile steps to the edge of the people making quick eye contact with Shake.

Shake clears throat.

Shake and Jaxel stare.

Shake drinks the whiskey and says, ,,How much money can by you?'' Her peers between the instances of time with his sped mind and sees a slow second before Jaxel reacts to the talk or to a person with a dagger in hand.

Jaxel lowers eyes then sips whiskey. He lets people nearly lean forward for an answer. ,,I want help to these people living on the streets and serving as fodder for the heroes we have around. 

,,Did you kill the queen of the acting troupe,'' says Shake.

Jaxel pauses. His face relaxes for an instance before a grin and wink is caste to Shake. ,,Your talk is creating too many lies that you may not remmeber them later.''

Shake twists on bars stool and relaxes back against the bar like Jaxel. ,,Is the redhead a fiend in bed?'' He glacnes at Guile.

Guile glances back and stands. He coveres his nose against the smell beginning to flow and warm around the bar. 

People's faces contort. People step back. A few walk away as Jaxel sips.

Jaxel says, ,,Good. Wild and crazy.'' He looks at Shake. ''Cheap too.'' He looks away. ''Where is my little whore?''

,,Out on her ass,'' says Coal. ''You're friends too. Stinking up the place. What's your price? And what's you belief you will leave this building alive.''

,,Cost.'' Jaxel drinks a full drink for the whiskey. ''You knew the cost. It was the cost my whore asked of you.'' He glances back. ''Now the cost will be food, rooms and a cut of the cost of profit as we play the crowd for entertainment. Cost. That's the cost.'' Jaxel leans and slides the empty glass of whisky to the bar.

The glass slides to a stop before Coal.

The crowd around looks at the glass and Coal.

Guile looks at neither, but steps from the crowd and to the doors out while holding nose as the smell creeps and seeps through and around thought. A focus is not found as Guile tries to create a maze away from the sense of smell.

The smell flows with smoke then the smoke twist and becomes lost. 

The tablebenches to door are empty of people sitting, but full of plates and cups. 

Three large beings covered with fur and chainmail hold the skinny and dirty people between like a cage. 

Guile slows steps then stops and sits on the bench looking at the group around the bar.

The group around the bar stare at Jaxel.

Jaxel sits in pause staring with blank face at the chests of the people before him. His mouth shakes between breathes before he says, ,,I could use some spirits to help me negotiate.'' Jaxels face contorts then pops into place.

Shake sees the shake of lip. He sees pauses of face expressions. He begins to fee sweat gather all between the spans of breath.

Coal looks at Jaxel then Shake. Coal says calm and collected. ,,Get this thief, the red whore, and his friends out of here. Take them to the forge.''

The shutters slide over windows. Doors shut and bolt slide.

Shake peers at Jaxel and says near a whisper. ,,You're a puppet.'' He sniffs and chews jaw. His eyes open wide and hand slips hand into pocket to touch the tip of the vial of speed.

A buzz vibrates through Shake's body.

As two men grab Jaxel's body and pulls him from seat letting body flop to ground, Shake says to Coal, ,,Wait.''

Coal stares on...

Three people near door are grappled and lifted over tables. One kicks feet loose and kicks plates and cubs from bench table tops. 

Three large men rush Guile.

Guile sits squeezes and opens eyes, sniffs and tries to knock smell from mind. He sees a glance of three men rushing. Then he feels a forearm tighten around neck and pull him over the table. 

''Coal, wait,'' says Shake. 

,,Can't wait when there's enemies beyond the gate,'' says Coal.

Shake looks over the room and sees Guile being dragged to toward the kitchen. Shake slips from stools and follows Coal toward the kitchen. ,,Guile.'' He looks back. ''My friend. They have my friend.''

Coal glance back, hollers, ,,HAIIN, release. That one's with Shake.''

Guile is released. He falls hard against the stone floor.

Other's gather with and mass with the calm Jaxel and rests in the grasps of the fat, muscles humans. 

All converge near the kitchen door as Coal watches with folded arms.

,,Wait.'' says Shake. He breathes fast and deep and wipes sweat from forehead. ''He's a puppet. She wants you to kill him. He's a puppet.''

Coal steps back. 

Shake is pushes aside. 

Jaxel begins to sing and shout sounds and tones that follow him and the others onto the kitchen. 

Shake steps back and sees Guile. He glances at Coal as Coal follows the prosessin into the kitchen. Then he runs to shake as quick as  a blurr. He breathes deep and grabs his shoulder. ''Guile.''

,,What,'' says Guile.

,,is there some one controlling Jaxel?'' says Shake pulling on Guile's shoulder.

Guile pulls away from Shake and sits  against the bench. ,,I don't...I do not know. I care not.'' He looks at Shake.

Shake says quick. ,,Get dagger back?''

Guile pivots head back and forth. 

,,Well, well, why, what are you. I. What? I need.'' Shake looks to the kitchen door. ''Job. Money. I have to...'' Shake stands to runs like a blurr through kitchen door then runs outside leaving only  fading trace with wake. 

Cold then snow greet Shake.

An alley of snow with two outhuds fill the alley. A large box rests before the door. Darkness spans one way. Four people wearing fur and chainmail hold swords and stand at the other end. 

Shake hears a scream. He runs inside into the kitchen and down the stairs to the bed and large bunk room...

Guile hears the scream and stands, sits at the bench long table. With the smell of the stink exhaled, he inhales and smells the stew, muffins and beer on the scattered plates and bowls over the bench table.

He looks around the room.

People sit around the hearth. More still sit at the benches and eat. Around the bar, people drink. At the card tables people play cards.

Guile pulls knife from sheath and holds it as he forks stew, mutton, peas and potatoes into mouth.`

Shake feels no hunger. He feels only tensions and buzz that feels to vibrate body in tune with life. A life that feels the fear and pain of a scream and shout of, ,,NOOOOOO...''

Shake runs to a dim light beyond the bunk where Guile slept. 

Heat spreads over Shake. The light expands from a tunnel.

Shake runs the tunnel of dirt and stone. Boards span from floor to ceiling and from all to wall. 

''I DIDN'T. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII...'' the scream fades with an echo.

A large fire behind steel bars castes Shadows and sihlouettes dancke around the walls and bars.

The shadow and sihlouettes lighten to men. A man in rags being held to the ground and men held chained to the wall. The large men from the hotel stand around Coal holding a steel rod with a glowing red end. The fire light castes deep shadows over his face and he lowers the tip of the red rod to the face of the man chained to ground.

,,Who sent you? Why are you here? How do I get everyone to leave?'' says Coal. He kneels on one knee near the head of one of Jaxel's fellow actors. 

The actor pulls and pushes with arms and legs, but are held face with chains. 

Jaxel, held by two men, hangs limp and looks at the woman on the ground. 

Coal grabs the woman's hair and lifts her head. 

Her read hair is as deep as fire.

Shake pauses in his step. 

Two men holding swords lift them and step to Shake.

,,It's Speed,'' says Shake.

Coal looks at Shake while holding the hair and the red tipped rod. ,,Let him be. Let him watch what happens to people trying to take over this town from me or the people.'' He shakes Lim's head with one hand. He press the tip or the red rod against her check with the other. 

Lim screams. 

The scream fillis the room, the hall, the bunk house to the kitchen.

Guile hears the scream and eats. 

A few glance to the kitchen but return to starring at the fire, or eating, or playing cards.

Guile looks through the small window to the torches outside and see people gathering along the wooden walk way. 

Door is banged. Glass is shattered. 

Shouting words that sound only as mumbles. to Guile as he sips soup from a bowl.

Another scream is...

Another puff of smoke puffs from Lims neck. ,,I DON'T,'' screams Lim. Her shaking lip stutters the words. ''I don't, don't, don't know. Where, where, where am I. Where, what is this-''

A clench of Coal's fist stop her scream. ,,I'll throw you into the flames and dance to your screams after I gut you and hang your friends with your insides while you watch your friends scream.''

Lim weeps as Jaxel looks with blank hung face.

,,STOP,'' hollers Shake.

Coal's head jerks and peers at Shake starring fire at him. ,,Speak now and speak now bard theif before I burn out your tongue.''

The buzz in Shake's mind comes to a pitch then ebbs as Shake follows the down flow with words. ,,Their puppets, Coal.'' He swallows and pulls jaw apart. ''She wants you to kill them. She wants them dead. Then once dead the people outside will have reason to riot. It's a ploy. A play.''

''Who's she,'' says Coal with a calm voice. 

,,Their leader. The one they wanted me to kill,'' says Shake.

,,You're making little knowledge to me bard,'' says Coal. His voice calm like a murders before making a kill.

,,Their leader is a mind controller. She's got powers to control other's with her mind. She's probabl found out babout the two trying to kill her to take over the clan, troupe or the actors...She's probably using them now, controlling their minds because I can see it between the expression on Jaxel's face because he reacts low and goes low between emtions, and it makes since because why would any one in their sane mind be coming in here with all this power and all these people and trying to convince you of anything unless by the very right they see you take the actors from outside who seem like a poor person and take them away and then they don't look away from the windows and where they can be seen, and now they are down here and the rumors outside are probably becoming raged then she, their leader can have a few people convince many to break into this place then once inside steal what they want and leave the place to ruins.'' Shake inhales deep and exhales.

Coal stares at Shake. Everyone but Lim stares at Shake for Lim hangs limp from the arms of the two large beings.

,,Youil, go see,'' says Coal. He peers from fire at Shake. ''You remain hear.''Coal peers at Shake. ''They could be acting.''

A man as big as Spear steps from the actors and people from outside hanging from chains and by Shake. 

Shake looks at Coal, at the rod with a deep red end, to each person then looks down the hall to the darkness. Sweat drips from chin, and the buzz with in vibrates mind and shakes thought until a shout calls.

,,COAL,'' says a voice coming from the kitchen. 

Guile hears the should for Coal then hears the slam of a door. 

All heads rise from cards, food, fire and look at the kitchen. Then at the windows and the doors at the intersection. 

A stone breaks window, shutters for shouts of wordless sounds. 

The warriors, wizards, clerics and bards sit at the hearth, the circle bar, the card tables. 

Two look up after the stone tumbles to a stop.

Big men still stand before the windows. 

Guile stands as Coals stands, and Shake snaps from the buzz.

Guile runs to kitchen.

,,COAL! IN ALLEY,'' shouts one voice.  Another screams, ,,COAL! Window broke?''

Then there is silence except Shake's  beating heart, and Guile's mouth breathing as he runs to the kitchen. 

Coal and Shake stare. ,,How do I know your not the leader?''

Shake's buzz laughs a cackle roll that flows to a rough giggle. The laughter spans the hall the bunk room the stairs past Guile.

Guile steps with breath behind two beings as tall as horses with legs nearly as wide as Kicker's front thigh. He stands and breathes. ,,I need by blankets from bunk.

The laughter stops

One looks down at Guile. ,,No one moves down there.''

Youile walks his big body upstairs bending the wooden steps with step. The two small giants step away. 

Guile steps past the small giant legs. He tumbles and stumbles leading with gut past Youile.

Youile's mass and momentum pushes Guile to the side.

Guile stumbles down steps to floor then trips landing on stone. 

Shakes's laughters stops, and Shake says, ,,My friends are more powerful than these clowns.'' 

Coal and Shakes stare for an instance before Coal says, ,,So, Bard Theif, what do we do?'' Coal nods to the Lim on the ground. ''Without your powerful friends here.''

,,We act like the show is over,'' says Shake. ''Guile can control minds. He's got that site. He's the one who told me that their leader is a seer. He's put a stone gaint to his knees. He will control Jaxel. We will bow above the audience. We will have him offer his life for pulling a ruse on the crowd. Like a play.'' 

,,And the queen. The one controlling the crowd. She's not going to be able to see through this voodoo.'' Coal lifts the red rod toward Shake. ''What makes you think the fat friend of yours is better.''

,,I don't,'' Shake says as Shake hears guile's mouth breathings above the beat of his heat.

,,Is it a spell,'' says one of the men standing with sword at the neck of a chained actor.

,,It's psionics,'' says Shake.

Coal lowers red tip of rod by Lim's eye. ,,What about you fire, does Speed the Bard Thief speak truth.''

Lim stares and breathes. ,,I, I...I. I.'' Her breath shutters. 

The red tip of rod hovers by Lim's eye. 

Her breath stops. ,,I don't know.''

Coal touches red tip of rod to Lim's eyes.

Lim screams to silence. Her eye sizzles, steams, smokes. Her head shakes like it is being we

,,What ever it's called.'' coal waves red glowing rod. ''Get your friend because I don't think she knows.''

Shake stares at Coal. He feels the fright and confusion from Lim. He feels like falling. He forces a smile to catch self and step back. He fears the step and turn of back to Coal as he steps down the hall to Guile.

Guile rolls the woolsheet and pulls a blanket from the bed while looking wax and wane. Wane he sees the stairs. Wax he sees a sihlouette run through hall.

Shake speeds to Guile and says fast. ,,Leave the wool sheet. It's mine.'' He quick smiles and says, ''Get your dagger.''

Guile glances at Shake as he tosses the rolled wool sheet to bed. ,,I have the knife.''

,,Where you going?'' Shake looks back then to the stairs.

,,Wax path.'' Guile looks at Shake. ''Maybe Set path. Go to Waterdown.''

Shake grins. ,,Good luck. You will need it.''

,,Give me tunic,'' says Guile.

,,What? This rag,'' Shake pull and unlatches belt. He pulls off tunic and tosses it to Guile. ''There's grain under the bed. Take one of the sheets for a pack. Have fun trying to get out with the angry mob unless you want to help get us out.''

Stairs creak.

,,I can get out,'' says Guile.

Yuile runs past. ,,COAL. Only one way out.''

Guile mouth breathe's, burps and looks at Shake. He exhales... ,,What do I need to do?''

,,Control Jaxel's body?'' says Shake

Guile grabs the tunic. He looks at Shake.

,,SPEED,'' says Coal's voice. ''GET THAT PUPPET MASTER IN HERE!''

,,I will wait a thousand cycles of the sun before telling any tale of the dwarves,'' says Shake. Shake and Guile stare. ''Because of we save this place, we can start something here and leave this place with enough money to live in Waterdown with money and tales to start our own hotel, bar, anything.''

They stare until another screams shouts through the hall.

,,Try,'' says Shake.

Guile nods.

Shake smiles steps and leads Guile through the hall to the forge room.

,,Now that your private moment is over can we talk about saving the building and business?'' greats Coal's voice. Coal points to Jaxel. ''Can you make this puppet move pupped master or tell me who's pulling the strings?''

Guile stares and mouthing breaths. ,,No.''

,,But he can try?'' says Shake looking from Coal to Guile then to Coal. ''For a price.''

,,How about the cost of your lives,'' says Coal. He pauses before he adds. ''I know a way out if this plan doesn't convince the mob to calm.'' Coal stands and tosses the now dark rod to the ground by and motionless Lim. ''I still don't know how this will help.''

Everyone looks at Shake while Guile slows breath.

,,Not time,'' says Youily. ''Torches are being lite. People scream at the rage. They want Jaxel freed.''

,,How convenient for Speed and Haste.'' Coal looks from Youily to Shake. ''And what happens when only Jaxel is return.

Shake looks from Guile to Coal to Youily to Coal while saying.,,Right. Give them jaxel. Jaxel will tell them there is no need. He will tell them to go find the queen. That it was all an act. A show. A way to help entertain. Maybe, maybe we can have them go after the leader. Tell them. Well, Jaxel tell him that we set him free and that another pulled his strings.'' He looks at Coal. ''Then you offer a reward for the capture of any of the actors and the lead actor.''

Coal and Shake stare.

The flames lick the darknes casting shadows. The fire pops. Lim moans and Jaxel hangs limp in the hold of two.

,,I'll give you ten gold if we survive the night. Another ten gold if another finds this queen. And a place to eat and drink and sleeps so long as you live and this bulding stands,'' says Coal.

,,Both,'' says Shake.

Coal and Shake stare. He closes a fist and lifts it before him. Shake closes a fist and closes it before him. They touch fists. 

,,By these words I will honor all deals spoke,'' says Coal.

,,Guile,'' says Shake.

Guile blinks and burps. 

''I've seen your power. You can do it?'' Shake steps to Guile. ''YOu can do this.'' He lowers voice and leans close. ''And if you do this, we will be can be kings of Waterdown. You won't sleep another night in a stall.'' He leans closer. ''And the power. The practice.'' Shake steps back and aims arm and hand at Jaxel and says with his rough voice. ''And there's the puppet.''

,,How,'' says Guile. ''And why are they not controlled now? If it's sight then once outside why won't control be gained agian. If it is a a stone or crystal? I don't know.'' Guile's talk becomes a mumble. ''Light of sight to see the body move, but outside. Their outside.'' He says loud. ''The one controlling is probably outside. Unless there is a crystal of stone that holds a connection to the person. A way to see.''

,,He's got nothing, but a few fake goal and a dull knife,'' say Caol.

,,If you need to see then we can open the window. Have him talk from the balcony. You can stand inside above the kitchen. Then you can see him,'' says Shake. He put hand under waist band and pulls out the crystal holding hit before Guile. ''Will this help?''

,,Where..'' Guile grabs the crystal. 

Shake stares at Guile. ,,From the fight.''

Guile takes the crystal. ,,This helps.'' He looks at the cyrstal and twist it though the fire light.

,,COAL.'' Hollers a voice. ''PEOPLE ARE CHANTING! TO FREE THEM OR DIE!''

Guile looks at the crystal. 

All stare at Guile.

,,Yes,'' says Guile. He looks at Shake. ''What do I say?''

Shake says, ,,I'll talk. You move.''

Guile slowly nods. He holds the crystal in fist and walks to Jaxel. ,,Lay him on the floor.''

The two holding Jaxel let him fall. 

Guile steps and stares down at the Jaxel. He kneels. 

And Shake kneels beside him saying near a whisper, ,,Have you done this before? Used a crystal?''

,,My mother has shown me,'' says Guile as he raises a slightly tremoring hand. He grins. 

Jaxel lays calm and motionless.

There is only moans from lim and pops of files.

Guile stares and begins to hears Jaxel's voice mind. He presses his palm and crystal against Jaxel's mind. Guile's mouth hangs open as he stares at Jaxel. The voice of begins to sing and talk in his mind.

Shake sees Guile's stare at Jaxel then the muscles in face relax.

,,And we have no more time,'' says Coal stepping over Lim then to the hall. He stops. ''Do it now. Or don't do it at all.''

Shake raises an open plan then covers his mouth and points to Guile.

Coal's eyebrows raise as he steps back with arms folded over chest.

Guile's head lowers. Voices lower from mind and find a the tone and talk of the smooth flowing lyric of Jaxel. The voice speaks and showers then the talk becomes of Jaxel's mind.

A blank space of shouting and crying is found by Guile as the world around his body fades like a horizon once travelled.

Guile presses the Crystal against Jaxel's forehead. He thinks of seeing jaxel ride the horse then walk with his shoulders pushed back and steps like a birds stepping light and long over the ground. Then Guile feels pain pumping on his face. He feels the choas of a mind twisted unto itself.

The crystal press against the forehead.

Guile feels like his body is slipping and dripping into the crystal then pouring into Jaxel. He feel the heavy of his stomach lighten to thin legs and arms. He feels his lugs lighten and breathe deep. He feels a large body fall on him. He opens his eyes to see darkness as his body falls on Jaxel's. He hears Shake.

Shake says, ,,Guile. Guile.'' He lifts Guile's head and pulls the body from Jaxel. "Help me roll him over.''

Coal and Youile kneel and pull Guile's big body from Jaxel's as Shake slaps Guile's face.

Guile feels nothing. He talks, but only mumbles are heard. Then he lifts head, and Jaxel's head lifts with lips mumbling.

Shake, Coal and Youile step back.

,,Is that your friend?'' says Coal.

,,I may be,'' says Shake.

Thoughts of Jaxel talking and singing and professing and preaching echo through the mind, the crystal and the void where the thought of Jaxel have been scattered before Guile entered. Guile focuses upon the hand of Jaxel and lifts the hand and crasps the crystal on the foreheard while mummbling then saying slow. ,,I...Am...Guile,'' while breathing through mouth.

,,Great dwarven caverns,'' say Coal. ''If I hadn't seen it here and now I wouldn't believe it, but here it is. Now, can you sing and dacne for the crowsd or play an imbecil for a play.''

,,Wait, give Guile time,'' says Shake.

,,Time is we don't have,'' says Coal.

Guile grips the crystal with fist then sitsup ighting chest with a wave and sit. Guile feels the flow of the weight. He bends one knee then two then swings body to kneel then stand. 

Jaxel's body falls. Head hits ground. 

The face of guile's body grinches.

Then Jaxel's body stands and steps and walks to the hall. The world wobbles and flows like Guile is on boat in the middle of a sea storm. Waves and whips that cause the body to tip and stumble once side ot another side. 

Shake step beside Jaxel's body and holds Jaxel's body. ,,Steady. I will steady. Help. I will. Step.''

Shake and Jaxel's body walk like one leading the bind forwards.

,,And what about the other's?' says Coal. ''Shall we attach strings and hope people don't seee.''

,,I don't care,'' says Shake. ''Get your workers. Some one. You have people. They need to stand and be quiet. They need look the part. that will work. it will. It wll be enough.''

,,As well, we do...'' says Coal taking a slow step behind Shake and Jaxel's body. ''Youile, go fetch the body and have them dress. Get them to the balcony after these tow walk out. If this doesn't work then it may be for a good laugh. Then a good run as we get out.''

Youile nods and runs to the darkness.

,,It'll work,'' says Shake. ''I know it. It will. It has to. Our play will be better more effective.'' Shake looks back at Coal. ''You should ready to speak. They will want to hear from you. Tell them of fighting the goblins. Of not fighting each other. Maybe have a reward to put on the heads of the queen. Get the people going against them. The actors. That would put them to task for some thing. That-''

Guile hears Shakes voice like Shake is speaking from a distance. Guile stumbles with Jaxel's body, and his body jerks.

''Talk. You need to talk if this is going to walk.''

,,I...'' Jaxel's jaw moves and pops. ''It...It is harrrrrd. To, to talk...'' 

,,And aparently to walk,'' say Coal stepping behind.

,,Don't listen our doing good. Your step is getting better. You needs to begin to repeat the same words. The same words. Say. People, I live. I live, but will not live for long. No. Wait. Wait. You should say...You should say...''

The walk by bunks. 

Jaxel's foot falls and walk is straight and slow. The harms hang and head stares blank forward.

''No, no,''  continues Shake. ''I have been saved. Shout it. Don't say shout it. Say. Citizens of Lyno, I have been saved by Coal. Now I will help you save yourselves from the enemy that is trying to use you to kill friends and the people of this town, so they may loot and kill our town before the goblins come.'' Shake glances back to Coal. 

Coal nods, ,,I like the words.''

Shake smiles.

Youily and five people run past toward the forge.

Guile says through Jaxel as he feels like he is speaking through water. ,,Citizens of Lyno. Lyno. Lyyyyno. Lyno.''

They walk the steps slowly to the stop. Two giant creatures stand. One aims a sword tip at Jaxel.

,,Let us pass,'' says Coal.

Jaxel speaks slow and calm. ,,Citizens of Lyno. Coal has saved me. Now we will help save you from the enemy that controlled me. The enemy wants you to kill for them to steal from this town before goblins come.''

,,Again,'' says Shake as the walk from the steps through the kitchen.

Guile feels kitchen heat. His sight become clear as the blurred lines between objects seperate. He says with no slurs or pauses with Jaxel, ,,Citizens of Lyno. Coal has saved me. Now we will help save you from the enemy that controlled me. The enemy wants you to kill for them to steal from this town before goblins come.''

Jaxel's leg joints bend...

,,Say, Coal has saved me from enemies that control minds. No, from enemies that control,'' says Shake.

Jaxel's step stops, body waves, then moves with sway as it says. ,,Citizens of Lyno. Coal has saved me from enemies that controls many. Now we help save you from the enemy that controlled me. The enemy wants you to kill to steal from this town before goblins come.''

,,Say, an enemy,'' says Shake. Shake looks back to Coal. ''Can the shutter's open?''

,,Of course,'' says Coal.

He looks at Jaxel. ''Don't say Can the shutter open. I was talking to Coal.''

Shake looks at Coal, ,,Open them.''

,,Yes, sir,'' says Coal with a smirk. ''Youile, Coal says.''

Youile runs past the walk people out of the kitchen and to the bar.

They walk in kitchen.

''Citizens of Lyno. Coal has saved me from an enemy that controls your mind. Now we help save you from the enemy that controlled me. The enemy wants you to kill to steal from this town before goblins come.''

Feet scamper to and slow behind Guile.

,,Can you speak loud?'' says Shake.

,,YES!'' scream Jaxel's voice.

Head starring at cards, bar top, hearth and shutters turn and look at Jaxel's body, Shake, Coal and six skinny people wearing the black bodysuits and rags with fur bits.

Shake says, ,,Can you talk louds?''

Guile hears Shake's voice like an echo through darkness in a word with no walls. A distant touch of floor, boots, hands like ripples through a pond touch Guile to help mind guide Jaxel's body. Guile hear's Shake and hears Jaxel's voice talk while outside during the intersection and then talks with lips in mind casting the action.

They step to stairs leading up to walk away above. ,,CITZENS OF LYNO. COAL HAS SAVED ME FROM AN ENEMY THAT CONTROLS YOUR MIND. NOW WE HELP YOU SAVE YOU FROM THE ENEMY THAT CONTROLLED ME. THE ENEMY WANTS YOU TO KILL THIS TOWN BEFORE THE GOBLINS COME.''

The shutters over windows being to rise.

Jaxel's body kicks stairs and falls foward hitting chairs with a thumb.

Pain flashes Guile to oblivion. The only focus of Guile's mind is upon the fist holding the crystal as the pain rattles thoughts and mind. He feels the stairs through Jaxel's body.

Shake learches down and pulls up on Jaxel's body.

Jaxel's body stands and sways, steps stairs.

A sound of a chant seeps into the building, ,,Free. Free. Free...''

Coal laughs. ,,Least if the crowd burns the town to the ground, I will have a laugh before the ashes blow away in the wind.''

Shake peers back at Coal the helps Jaxel up the stairs. ,,Repeat. The. Words.'' He says between pushing up of Jaxel. ''Have the dressed people go thorugh the crowd after Jaxel speaks. Leave through the front.''

The shutters lock open a click loud enough to be hear above a wordless shout and a chant of ,,Free. Free. Free. Free...''

Coal steps and feigns a bow. ,,At you bidding, sir. For the stage, I set for you.'' He nods to the door. The dressed people scatter and around the benches and hearth and collect to the entrance.

Jaxel steps up and gains balacne near top saying loud with mono tone, ,CITZENS OF LYNO. COAL HAS SAVED ME FROM AN ENEMY THAT CONTROLS YOUR MIND. NOW WE HELP YOU SAVE YOU FROM THE ENEMY THAT CONTROLLED ME. THE ENEMY WANTS YOU TO KILL THIS TOWN BEFORE THE GOBLINS COME.''

''CITZENS OF LYNO. COAL SAVED ME FROM AN ENEMY THAT CONTROLS YOUR MIND. NOW WE HELP YOU SAVE YOU FROM THE ENEMY THAT CONTROLLED ME. THE ENEMY WANTS YOU TO KILL THIS TOWN BEFORE THE GOBLINS COME,'' Jaxel with more tone and flow as Guile continues to repeat the memory of Jaxel's voice in mind and caste that voice to the body.

Guile's sight through Jaxel become defined with lines and shades of colors. He sees the stairs and the walk way and balcony through a tunnel of dark like looking through a telecope through the wrong end.

''FREE. FREE. FREE...'' shouts the ground

Shake looks back.

The people at the card tables look at cards. The people by hearth look at the hearth. The people sitting at bar stare at drinks. Coals steps stairs and makes hand movements and castes stares at me near the windows, doors, card tables, hearth and bar.

Jaxel's body walks stiff and says walking with a near normal talk like Jaxel saying voer and over with the voice. ,,CITIZENS OF LYNO. Citizens of Lyno. Citizens of Lyno. CITIZENS OF LYNO. Citizens of Lyno...'' Near the double doors, the step of Jaxel become softer, fluid in line with the longs steps. 

Shake opens both doors and pulls them back for Jaxel's body to walk out followed by Coal. Shake feels the buzz of mind beak to near still as he stares over the audience blew the balcony.

People stand and stare at the balcony and the buildings. A few torches illuminate the dirty, skinny, sunken faces. More fists than torches strike the skey with their change of, ,,FREE. FREE. FREE.''

A group chants, ,,ACTORS EAT OUR POOP! ACTORS EAT OUR POOP! ACTORS EAT OUR POOP!'' Then the group chant stops.

Cold breeze blows over Jaxel freezing Shake's body's buzz and sending a chill through Guile's body as it lays near the forge.

Through the tunnel vision of Jaxel, Guile steps Jaxel's body to the rail. He grips his own fist to focus upon the grip of the crystal. He feels a force covere sight and touch and sounds from Jaxel as Shake says, ,,Say it now.''

Shake glances to Jaxel's body the Coal.

The crowd's chant become a shout. ''FREE! FREE! FREE!!!''

,,Say it now,'' says Shake. ''Now.''

Guile hears nothing from Shake. He only feels the edges of crystal press into skin.

Jaxel's body and mouth say, ,,CITZENS...'' The voice stops and the lips pause.

The chant of ''FREE! FREE! FREE!'' becomes, ''Free. Free. Free...'' as people stop chanting and stare.

Jaxe's body slouches then stands at full height as tall as Shake. Shake grabs Jaxel.

Coal gaufs and shrugs, mumbles. ,,Need a drink, Youile.

Youile nods and walks quick to the stairs and bar.

Below the doors open and the people dressed in the the black tightsuits and rags walk to the people with hands raised and with smiles.

Jaxel stands against Guile's will to focus as the darkness and distance seep through the crystal and into Guile's mind.

Guile feels the his fist become loose and limb. The voice of jaxel becomes a muffled talk fast and slow. Guile's image of Jaxel standing fades. Guile feels the heat from the forge and hears the sound of moaning from Lim. Guile feels his mind sleeping to sleep and a voice as smooth as silk and warm as the sun sooth him to sleep with tones. He clenches fist and draw a line in mind through the thought of the kitchen to the stairs and to the balcony then spreads force through the body of Jaxel and moves Jaxel's mouth.

''Free. Free. Free...'' says loud a few people from the audiance crowd that Guile doesn't hear, but Shake feels.

Shake also feels the shout of someone shouting, ,,EAT OUR POOP ACTORS!'' He feels like body is being rubbed.

After a pause longer than a hundred beats of Shake's rapidly beating heat, Jaxel screams, ,,PEOPLE  OF LYNO!'' Then the scream become a loud talk near lyrical. '' COAL SAVED ME FROM AN ENEMY THAT CONTROLS YOUR MIND. NOW WE HELP YOU SAVE YOU FROM THE ENEMY THAT CONTROLLED ME. THE ENEMY WANTS YOU TO KILL THIS TOWN BEFORE THE GOBLINS COME.''

Gulie feels the words flow from mouth and spreads the feeling through the mind and body of Jaxel against a darkness and forces felt like water freezing around Guile while inside

The sounds leaves Jaxel's mouth and spreads over the crowd. Only three people chant. ,,Free. Free. Free,'' then those voice stop leaving stares in place of words.

The wind blows the torches and pulls back Shake's hair and the cloths. A few people cough while others begin to talk. Many shuffle and shift their stance. All look at the balcony except those wearing actors clothing for they step and shuffle through the crowd looking and talking to people of the crowd until even they look at Jaxel standing against the balcony rail.

,,SPEAK,'' hollers one from the crowds. ''SPEAK.''

,,SPEAK,'' hollers a few others.

Jaxel stands. His body wavers.

,,Guile,'' say Shake.

Coal steps from the doors and leans on the balcony. ,,Time to play the puppet more for the crowd.'' He lifts his hand and closes a fist.

,,Guile,'' says Shake. ''Talk.''

Coal's people begins to move and walk toward the people shouting.

''Guile,'' says Shake with a loud voice as he sees the audiance and hears the murmur spread and feels the doubt focus upon them.

Guile hears only the breath of his heard and his mouth breathing then a pop of the fire.

,,PEOPLE,'' says Coal loud. ''OUR FRIEND NEEDS A REST FROM-''

,,WE WANT TO HEAR FROM THE OTHER,'' shouts someone from the crowd.

Jaxel stands and stares at the crowd.

Shake steps from the balconey and runs near a blurr to Guile before Coal glares at him. Shake's hand touches the top of the vial in his pocket and feel the buzz to vibrate the words from his mouth. ,,Guile, guile. If you can hear me. Talk. Talk. You need to talk. Say something. Say that there is not time for talk that there is time only for forgiveness, or say that we need to be calm now and let the sun rise and like the wind we should spread through the night and find the covers and and people that give us hope and shelter for the night then you could bow then leave.'' Shake crawls close to Guile's ear and says with a strick tone that feels to pull all th
e muscles of body with the neck. ''Guilde! Guile.''

Guile hears Shake as he feels the breath of Shake breath on hear.

The sense of freezing begins to spread from Jaxel through the crystal to his mind and body. His mouth hold and can't move, but to breathe. The talk, the action, the thought of Jaxel freeze in Guile's mind.

''Guile! Guile,'' hears Guile from Shake.

The sound spreads and bring warm thawing the frozen thought of Jaxel with an image Shake.

Guile's mind sees Shake talk, walk and move. Shakes smiles and winks, ticks of his hair and the spin of his locks frame around Jaxel's body as Guile clenches the crytal. And Guile sees through Jaxel's eyes and feels through Jaxel's skin and hears a few through the crowd chant as one, ,,SPEAK, SPEAK, SPEAK!''

Jaxel's body hunches over and Jaw begins to clench. The voice of Jaxel lowers and graggles and the throat lets mucas collecting from the cold gurgle. ,,I HAVE NOTHING TO SAY. MY MIND IS FROZEN. YOU NEED TO BE AFRAID OF THE WITCH THAT CONTROLLED MY MIND. SHE CONTROLS THE SPEAKING OF THOSE FEW NOW!''

The crystal in Jaxel's hand shatters. Blood drips from fist.

Guile's eyes open wide and body flops and shakes. His tongues sticks out. Like a rag doll being shoot in the maws of dog, Guile's body flops over ground then it stops.

Caught in the buzz and the sudden brust of movement from Guile, Shake stares until the body stops. ,,Guile,'' says Shake. ''GUILE.'' Shake grabs Guile's shoulders and shakes. He slaps face. ''GUILE.'' He puts hannd by nose and mouth feeling the breath of Guile. Then he runs as fast as a blur through kitched, up stairs to slow to a run near the balcony seeing Jaxel's body fall over. 

Blood drips from Jaxel's hand. 

Coal catches Jaxel's body. He hollers, ,,GET A THE HEALER!'' 

Shake step to the balcony and is pushed aside by Youile.

Youile grabs Jaxel and throws the body over shoulder.

Coal says loud enough for all to hear. ,,TAKE 'EM TO MY ROOM. GET THAT CLERIC OF GOLLON TO THE ROOM.'' He looks at Shake and winks. Then Coals steps to the corner of the balcony. He peers over the silent crowd.

The lite torches flicker in the wind. The face stare at Coal. The voice once speaking lower heads and begin to shuffle and jostle away from the intersection.

Shake stands filling the buzz of speed, the fear for Guile and the rush of the audience watching the play he helped create. His mind feels all look upon him and Coal and feels a glow of pleasure emanate from Coal.

Coal stare at the entire crowd at once casting a scowl and a peer that make many look away in shame. He talks near a shout, but never lets his voice break into rage as he says, ,,NOW THAT YOU'RE DONE TRYING TO DISRUBT MY BUSINESS AND BEING LEAD AROUND LIKE HERD OF SHEEP BY A WITCH AND POOR SOUL NOW FIGHTING FOR HIS LIFE. MAYBE YOU CAN USE SOME OF YOU PRESIOUS TIME TO FIND THE TRUE ENEMY OF OUT TOWN. MAYBE YOU CAN GO SEE THE WITCH AND HER MINIONS AND BE THEM HERE BE TO BE BURNED.'' He pause to look over the intersection starring people's looks until they stare away in shame. ''ARE WE WORSE THAN THE GOBLINS?'' he says then steps back, folds are and looks over the crowd before he turns and walks in side leaving Shake with the cold and the crowd.

Shake steps and follows. He quick steps behind Coal. ,,Guile needs help.'' 

Coal steps fast along the walkway to the stairs down. 

Youile hold Jaxel and walks up a set of stairs that ascend into the ceiling

Shake says again, ,,Guile, Guile needs-''

,,I heard you talk before,'' says Coal shuffling downstairs not even looking back to Shake. ''I'll send the healer down along with a couple of people to move him to a better room.'' He stops at the bottom of the steps and stands akimbo. His eyes look over at the area then to Shake. ''You'll have you gold soon. I'll send it to your room. Now I need to secure the parameter and give orders to people to secure the area if the crazy get contorl of the mob again. Too early a night to relax, but you.'' He looks at Shake from head to toe to eyes. ''You need to relax. Take you choise of women. Your a hero. She'll be happy to bed you for the night and bath the sweat and tension from you.''

Shake grabs Coal's arm. ,,Coal needs help now, Coal.'' 

Coal glacnes.

Shake catches his glance with stare and says, ,,His body is not good.''

Coal raises hand holding stare with Shake. He snaps fingers three times.

The deal from the farest table near window puts down cards and pays out all bets, nods and walks from table. A person behind the bar walk to table as the dealer at the far table walk to Guile. ,,Yes,'' the dealers says. ''Follow, Speed.'' Coal lifts head to hearth. ''Loud,'' loud talks Coal. 

A being with arms nearly as wide as barrels, and a chest that is a truck that stands a little taller than Shake. 

''Follow Speed the Theif Bard and get Haste to hurry them up to the patron room. Then watch the door for the night.'' Coal looks at Loun. ''I want Guile to live.'' Loun and Coal stare. Coal looks at Shake. ''I need snuff any embers that may spark. Twenty gold will be sent if we see the morning.'' Coal bows and walks away. ''Thank you for the performance.''

Shake feels Coal's rescept through the buzz. He nearly smile until the feel of the dread of Guile turns the buzz to pain. On Speed Guile hurries and leads to Coal in the forge room. Loun picks up Guile leaving Lim and the other actors laying and hanging on floor and wall.

The walk to the patron room. The partron room is above the celing, forth floor, down the hall at the corner of the intersection over. Guile is dumped on the push bed. 

The dealer kneesl by Guile and says to Shake. ..Url, a cleric player of Oli. Luck is with me for health. I can play the fortune for health.''

Url still by Gule and feels his chest, fore head and breath, reaction, heath then lays hand on Guile's forehead and closes eyes. Loun stands and sits and stands for the time Url has hands on Gujle.

Shake stands and stares at Guile.

Url looks to Shake, says, ,,Rest. His body has been played but will win. the mind has lost and will learn. A strong mind. Sleep is needed. All things lost of the body has been won. Some of the mind has be lost, but will be won again.'' Url stands and walks to do. Url stop and looks at Shake. ''I will feel if he is dealt a card I have not counted.'' The Url shows palms and claps hands like dusting them before he steps and walk through the door.

Shake stands before Guile.

Guile breathes as stares.

,,I will stand by door,'' says Loun. Loun squeaks floor to door.

Shake looks at Guile. After a time he looks out the window at the corner of the building over looking the intersection. Shake watches Guile breath and lay. 

Guile begins to snore after a time.

Then Shake walks to the bunk room of the wool sheet then walks to the cornor of the balcony, wraps self with wool sheet, sits and stares at the intersection.

The people part. 

The sun rises...

Shadows caste over Shake, the balconey and the intersection as sun shines upon the people sleeing along the edges of roads under blankets and leantos.
A baby cries some where through the bundles and piles. The frosten frosen road crunch under the feet of people waking to stand and stomp feet warm.

Men and women with swords and torch pace the wooden walk below. A few people stand near the hotel and talk and point.

Shake sits bundled and stares with the sun to the people and the brick wall looming above the trees and buildings. The sun shines on it's white surface. Small human wide bridges span from the wall and over the the buildings of Lyno.

Another wall rises of mud and dirt from the canyon mouth creating a skin gap between the moutains rising to the sky.

Shake feels the buzz of speed slow. He rubs hand in charcoal stained pocket and pulls hand free. He stares and stares and rubs. People was and step.

A torch is lite.

Shake stares at the flame for spans of time until the day become dim with night. He stares and sees the flame.

The bozz slows. The cold begins to freeze the pee spread through cloths.

Shake stares at the flame. Then closes the mind and feels the flame in mind. He opens mind and stares at thumb, sees a flame spot above thumb, snaps, says, ,,Grilan.'
'
A flame burns from Shake thumb. He stares and feels warm against the cold. He stares and sees the flame fade and smoke away. Again he tries, and a flame the size of thumbnail ignites only to fade after a wind gust. Then again and a flame covering tip of thumb ignites then extinguishes as fast as a snap.

Shake stares at his thumb. He stares as Coal steps out and sets a bowl of food near him and a pouch. He stares as the shadows receed and shift. He stares as the people shift and slide and move from the street to let wagons and horse ride the roads.

Words are spoke to Shake, but Shake stares lost in the buzz of speed.

He hears Guile is resting. He hears that business is booming. He hears that people are requesting is stories. He hears the ladies step to the balcony and offer to warm him any way they can. He hears but the buzz. 

The people bellow walk fast and slow through the day as he feels the buzz fade. 

Shadows caste from the mountain and the mount covering the building and down in darkness.

The cold freeze begins to blow.

Some one shouts, ,,EAT OUR POOP!''

A few people laugh. One yells, ,,SPEED.''

Shake sits as the world moves fast and slow then he moves. He grabs the pouch and wraps in wonder the wool sheet. Then he stands feeling the cold seep over legs and the sweat and urine. Before the sweat can freeze Shake walks with no fan far to the stairs to the room where Guile laid. He walks past a chair. He opens the door.

Guile lays on bed snoring. Plates of fruit and dried meat rest on tray near bed.

Shake lays on floor and sleeps holding the pouch close to chest.

His body moves slow and fast and twisted dreams of losing control of body span the night. 

A loud boom and a panice through the town doesn't stop the dreams of Shake.

The loud boom does give rise to Guile, who wakes from a dream of darkness to a head in a dark room.

Guile tries to wake and move. He lifts his head and feels his heart pound. He raise his sore hands and tries to grip. He rolls over and sleeps until...

,,My heroes,'' says Coal.

The voice wakes Guile and makes Shake roll to side.

Coal steps and stands by Guile. He holds a cup by chest. ,,This place smell like the outhuds in the alley on a hot day.''

Guile lays on side and stares at Guile.

,,You did some wonderful work last night.'' Coal nods at Shake. ''You two are useful, quick of the mind.'' Coal puts fingers into a vest pocket and pulls out a pouch. He tosses the pouch by Guile's head. ''Ten Waterdown Gold.'' He sips from cup.

Guile stares at the pouch. He lifts head and looks at Shake. ,,He alive.''

,,That one.'' Coal sips from cup. ''He's alive. A little to fast if you know what I mean. Boy's got the mind of artist, but the control of goblin.'' He sips tea. ''Do did you hear the boom during the night.''

Guile sits up in bed. ,,No. I...Nothing. I thought nothing.''

Coal sits, ,,Last night there was a wall that fell. It was a hill that became a wall after soldiers and their families went to the canyon seeking a better place to hold up until the winter passes. Now I don't know if it was the spirits of the canyon or their crazed wizard that created the wall from a hill, but last night that wall came falling down.'' He sips from cup. ''A group of business owneres and a few farmers that have been watching the resvour didn't break. They've found some suspicious characters near the river. To their credit, they did help save a life, but with the events of past days and the goblins a near neighbor I have the wondering thought if the acting witch that can control a living being can move a mountain.'' He ends the talk with a sip on the edge of his steaming cup with a stare.

The voice of Coal seeps into Shake's mind hears Coals' voice. His eyes open. He lays still as Guile speaks.

,,No...Yes.'' Guile looks out the window. ''It's possible. The powers of the mind expand to walls, mountains. The psionists controlling Jaxel was a mater of controlling the mind and the living. It is why Jaxel died, and I have been...'' He looks around the bed. ''Here. No. The one controlling Jaxel didn't move the mountain. It would have moved the builind.''

Coal nods. ,,That's what I had hope, but as events have played during past days there is no life for hope.'' He stands and clear throat, steps to door and looks back. ''Breakfast is cooking. Hearth is warm.'' Coal looks at Shake then Guile. ''There's a warm bath waiting if the wash with  a woman's bossom suits your pleasure.'' He nods, leaves and shuts the door.

,,How long have you been awake?'' says Shake.

,,I have been awake for the conversation with Coal.''

Shake rolls on side as the world move slows around him. He grabs has pouch and opens and turns it upside down.

Ten Waterdown gold coins fall to the wood floor.

Shake smiles. ,,We will be kings in Waterdown.''

,,Kings,'' says Guile. He steps and stands from bed and lifts a plate cake, sausage and pink balls with black spot. He puts
the cake in mouth and eat. He talkes with mouth full. ''I know not.'' Pieces of cake spray from mouth. 

Shakes scoops coins and puts them into the pouch, stands and kicks wool sheet. ,,It's yours. And no stories about dwarves until Waterdown.''

Guiles swallows and burps.  

''Can't be good when everyone thinks you bad,'' says Shake.

Guile smiles. ,,I want warm food.''

Shake nods. ,,Lets eat!''

Guile walks, and Shake follows.

,,Did Laddin, was his name Laddin? Did the barn owner give you any trouble?'' says Shake. 

,,No,'' says Guile. 

They walk the hall passing clouds of perfume, women wearing corsets, boys carrying water. 

,,When shall we leave for Waterdown,'' says Shake.

,,I want to leave soon,'' says Guile. ''The people will only become more desperarte.''

Shake nods. 

They walk down the stairs.

Shake sees the people at one card table, a few people at the circular hearth and a group at the long
bench tables near the hearth.

First he notices Spear near naked body sitting by a bundle of amror. Then William looks from Myst.

,,William,'' says Shake.




