Spear wakes.

Everything is dark against darker. A red hue frames doors open to a balcony. The red hue sihlouettes some one sitting in a chair.

The chair low to ground.

Spear feels no pain from side of chest. He feels no pain breathing.

He grabs swords and sits.

Light shine from relief statues along a wall. Lights are beams shinning from the eyes and mouths and ears.

A room woman as wide as three leaps and as long as a short sprint. Stone surrounds. Shapes and figures carved on the surfaces. 

William sleeps behind against wall and back. Kirra sleeps incorner between a relief statue and wall. 

Salted bacon, deer, mushrooms, roots, leaves and grains and breads are on table.

A dwarf bald with beard flowing over deep red robes stares at Spear. ,,My name is Hern," says Hern. He holds the brest plate of William's armor on lap and with hands.

Spear looks at Hern and looks at the two pots ont the balconey. He sees Shake and the embedded bed coves. ,,I thought I was dying," says Spear.

,,You are alive," says Hern's. "You are in the a branch in the Vein of Moormount. I am a Sage sent for when you and your friends arrived with Grun's pack. The sage lifts a cup of steaming liquid to lips, drinks and says, "Your friends sleep and heal."

,,And you our keeper," says Spear. He stands with swords in hand.

Hern smiles. Deep wrinkles spread over face. He looks up. ,,I am your keeper."

,,My keeper." Spear steps near William and kicks William's foot then ankle. "Do I scare you?" He steps to Kirra and kneels before Kirra. "Kirra," he says.

,,The sleep," says Hern. "They will wake soon enough."

Spear steps and stand from Kirra and then before Hern. He looks down and holds sword at side. ,,What sourcery have you caste, and what right do you have to hold William's armor?"

,,It's wizardry. It's nature. Same thing that has you ribs heal faster." Hern tosses William's breast plate to table.

It hits with near silence. 

"And that was made by a friend." Spear stares at Hern. "How about you eat, and we talk about you being a wererat."

Spear grabs the neck of Hern and squeezes, ,,No wizard will play with my dreams."

Hern, stunned that his barriers were penetrates, smiles. He points to four marks on Spear's chest. ,,You've been infected."

Spear loosesn crip and lowers hand and looks at the four marks on his chest. Each claw cut and light pink from left shoulder to mid chest. He steps back. He looks at Hern. ,,Are you a rat?"

Hern smiles, ,,I am a being with many shapes."

,,You are," says Spear.

,,I was born a wererat." Hern lays arms on robe. "Most in the city are now natural wererats. There are few who find their way her seeking to live with other beings of their kind. Few ever getting infected like yourself."

,,Infected," says Spear.

,,You had broken rips which is the cause of your pain." Hern sips on hot liquid and swallow. He smakes lips. "The blacking out and sweats and deep and shallow breathing was the were infection." He points to the bandage around his waist and stomach and ribs covering part of the scratches. "The salve helped."

,,Am I a rat?" says Spear. 

,,You may be," says Hern. He shurgs, ,,It is not a guarentte an effection will lead being wererat. You may never feel the transformation, you may die during the transformation or you could become a wererat."

,,Can it be cured?" says Spear. He looks at the food on the rectangle table then at the sage.

,,Yes. I am sure." Hern points at the food. "I do know starving it won't cure it. You should eat."

Spear glances at the food then Hern. Her stares. He grips his sword and slides sword ontop of round stone table between William's breast plate and Hern. He walks to the table and grab a leg of pig by th hood and bits and chews. He watches Hern sit and stare. He watches William sleeps. He looks at Kirra then sees Shake sleeping on the balconey on a pile of cloths with back against rain. He says between chews. ,,How do you know the maker of that armor?"

Hern grin, sips hot liquid and grabs the breast plate. He points to the rose and the etchings at the corners. Then runs tip of finger along the rim of the breast plate over small marks that make a border. ,,These runes." He peers at the edge. "The runes are the mark of Earot." He looks at Spear.

Spear nods and chews and walk from table.

Light illuminate the room.

Hern looks at the runes and peers then movers hand over the runes. ,,Earot was the Warrior Sage of the Vein many years ago." He puts the breast plate on the table. "I trained under Earot early. He was a fine warrior, but even the skill with the hammer and the pick were unable to match his kill at forging the best armor in weapons in the veins."

Spear eats, nods, walks to the door then to the balcony. ,,He was good."

,,Good," says Hern. "He was great."

Spear steps onto the balconey and says, ,,Now he is dead."

Hern nods and hangs head and looks at his hands on lap. ,,Yes." He looks back at Spear. "But he lives through his creations." 

Spear lowers and smells the water of the large pots.

Sage and mint rise from faint whisps of steam. The iron pot warm to touch. 

,,Magic," Mutters Spear. He looks up and sees a bright red dome of illumination throbing from afar. He smells smoke. He smells the sweat of Shake fuming wine and lime. He smells and feel a sweet scent of Myst pushed from the room with a warm gust.

,,The winds," says Hern. He stands and walks to the doors. "The heat from the forge can create a little twirl." He stand by the pot near Shake.

,,The forge," says Spear as he stares at the red light and along the cliff wall etched with a large mural of carvings of a beach rising to the stares.

,,Yes, it is the heat and energy to warm and work the metal," says Hern.

Spear stares at the red glow. ,,And the picture. The picture carved into the rock wall."

Hern steps between the large pots and stand by rail and Spear. ,,That is the Ocean of Life flowing to the Sky of Renewal. He points up. "If you were a wererat you would seem the homes and building abovve are found in an image of ocean waves and cloud islands." He stares up then at Spear. "If you were a wererat." He walks from the railing and into the room and to the table. He grabs the breast plate and peers at the edge. "This reads here that the gift bestowes powers to the wear." He lifts the breast plate near eyes and squints. "I believe it reads that the gift will bestow powers only to those receiving this armor as a gift." He lowers the brest plate. 

Spear stands and looks at the top of the smooth and dark wall below the illuminated red dome glow. He looks into the darkness.

,,Are you feeling healthy?" says Hern.

Spear stares at the red hue. ,,I had a dream a was rat running with a pack along the wall and to that red light. The fire."

Hern pute the breast plate on table. ,,And how did this dream end?"

Spear looks from the red glow to Hern. ,,I was killed."

,,What killed you?"

,,William," says Spear. "I returned to this room and was though to be anohter."

,,A wererat," says Hern.

,,Is there meaning in my vision?" says Spear.

,,Yes," says Hern. "It means you will survive the transformation if you are to become a wererat." Hern stand at the balcony threshold with arms and hands hidden under the sleeves of red robe. "it is a warning from you that what you become to others."

,,And how do I become a wererat?" says Spear.

,,Rage," says Hern. "Rage will become the wererat and you will transform." He stares at Spear. They make eye contact. "You must control your rage."

Spear looks at Hern.  
 
,,Rage." Spear's face rests. It is calm. All the creases smooth to spread young sun touched skin. The stare weathered and hardened like diamonds, but fade as he the face relaxes and the thoughts calm. "Rage."

,,Life with two states with one body is not a curse," says Hern. "It is a blessing."

Spear laughs.

His laugh flows over the balcony and into the room. His laugh fills the bed coves. He laughs without pain and care.

Shake stirs and lifts head from his head resting on forearms propped raised knees. ,,Quiet!"

Spear laughs. ,,RAGE,'' hollers Spear. He steps and puts palm on Shakes head and ruffles Shake's hair. "I'll I need to do is avoid rage." He laughs deep and louds. 

Shake pushes his hand away and peers up. ,,Aren't you suppose to be comatose and QUIET!" His head throbs and pouds with heart beat. He smells the feces and slime fuming from Spear. "You stink." He shifts and curls in the corner hiding head from the light beaming from room.

Williams and Kirra stir in their sleep. Willaim yawns and rolls over. He blinks and sees through narrow slits of eyelids. ,,SPEAR." He grabs swords and sways to a stand.

Spear stands and stares at the red illumination and laughs until the laugh lowers and stops. He bites ham leg muffling the laughter with chews and a smiling face. He looks at William. He swallows ham. ,,WILLIAM." Spear stride from balcony. 

William stands and rubs eyes. 

Spear hugs william arpund the arms pressing hand against face. 

,,What's the good news," says William.

Spear releases his hug and steps back.

William stumbles to a stand and knocks a book from the stone shelves.

,,I'm will be to be a wererat," says Spear.

,,Okay," says William. He yawns. "How do you feel my friend?"

Spear inhales deep expanding chest the exhales a powerful breathe. ,,No pain. Have food. And all I need to do is remain calm and I won't becoming a wererat." He bites into the ham leg. He chews and says, ,,How have you faired?" He looks around the room.

,,Good," says William. "Better than good." He looks at the healing cuts and nicks long forearms. He looks at Spear. "I had a dream I killed you." He stares at Spear.

Spears deep and fast chews slow then stop. Spear swallows. 

Kirra stands. ,,We had the same dream William." She peer at Shake. 

Shake cowers in corner from the light.

,,Spear," says Myst's voice from the cove. She climbs out. "You live." 

,,Myst," says Spear. He smiles.

Myst crawls down and drops to the ground and steps quick to Spear and lifts and wraps arms around his neck. ,,You are alive and awake." She steps back with a head swimming in the smell of slime, feces and Spear's seat. "And a stink."

Spear nods at William, ,,William believes he had killed me." He pounds chest. "No marks."

,,A dream," says William.

Hern nods. ,,A dream with all is a sign of a bond beyond the body." He looks from Kirra to Myst to William then Spear. 

,,I'm sorry, my friend." William stares and Spear. They lock eye contact and stare. "I hadn't known. I was feeling trapped."

,,Like any dream," says Spear lifting and hugging Myst then setting her one th ground and stepping
back. "It can lie and kill you." He smell a sweat honey smell flow from Myst. His body tinkles then flows warm.

Hern nods and sits and smells Spear. ,,Like any stench, it remains upon you until you wash it off."

,,You do make my stomach chrun," says Myst with a wink and a grin.

Spear bites and chews ham. ,,Who needs to be clean. Keeps the rodents away?" He walks to the table of food.

Shake yawns. ,,The slime needs to be off the wool before the walk us out of here." Shake stands and moves the dwarve dagger lower into the pile of his rags. He wraps the dagger in a shirt behind his back then slides the shirt into a pack. He grabs the carafe and drinks wine. He grabs the back and his daggers on the ground and walks to the bottle of water in the room.

,,How long have we been sleeping?" says Minst. 

His bag falls to the ground with a blop. 

,,Nearly a day," says Hern.

Minst pushes and lowers from the cove and stands. He pulls from the cove the bundle of his armor and his spell book. He grabs spell book and walks to the table of food. He grabs bread and eats. ,,You're alive," says Minst with a mouth full of breath.

Spear slaps Minst on the back. ,,You live."

Minst chokes and coughs. Bread flies from mouth.

Shake dumps his bundle of rags and knifes and items into the large pot in room. ,,You a rat."

,,If I let rage become," says Spear. He bites into an able. "Now we are related."

Jan crawls and lowers to the stone floor. She yawns and walks to the balcony wearing and pulls her rope around her and stares over the city shining warming to a light rose red with deep red definined borders of houses, buildings leantoos. 

Small groups and packs of red dwarf dots leave a trail over heat over the a flat open plan of rock to the cold stone wall hot near the top under the dome of red. The dots and groups walk the streets and to an open area far to the horizon of the cave. The red and orange and yellow swirl spreads and spans along the horizon from cavern wall an cavern wall between buidins and houses.

Jan places hands on rail, closes eyes and push out and floats out. Then in to a ball of energy that shoots from the balcony and through the cavern. Her core flows over buildings and covers cavrved along the floor. 

Myst walk to the rectangle table and pours water from picture to cup, grabs a wheat muffin and drinks and eats and nods and smiles. Her stare beyond the stone of the mountain.

Kirra eats barries one by one. She says, ,,When may we leave?"

,,Grun is on his way to escort you to you path and destiny," says Hern.

Jan feels slow energy moving through body stimulating growth and healing. ,,What did you give use to heal?" says Jan. 

,,What?" says Hern. 

Jan stands and walks from balcony. ,,What is in the food?" 

,,A touch of chemistry with a splash of magic," says Hern. "You do feel better?"

Jan walks to pile of things anad pack and begins putting leaf bundles and leather pouches and tied bars into and thick and loose pack.

Hern poinst to the pack. ,,Where'd you get the dragon hide?" He sits on chair and spreads legs pulling the red robe apart.

Myst smiles, covers mouth and laughs and walks toward the balcony staring past Kirra, Minst, William, Hern, Jan, Kirra and Shake and Spear to the balcony.

William stares at Spear then sees Jan packing then looks ans sees his breast plate on table.

William grabs the brest plate. He looks at Hern then the breast plate. ,,It was my father's." Willaim says.

,,And your grand father's." Hern sniffs and point to the brest plate. "Knew the blacksmith how created the breast plate," says Hern. "How long have you worn the armor?"

,,A time," says William. He picks up breast plate and walks to pile of armor and leather and pack and bed roll. "After I could fight in chain mail." He pulls leather pants under white cloth cloak and ties off waist. "My mom wouldn't let me wear it until I could fight and ride with chain mail."

Hern nods.

,,What does it matter how long?" says Shake. He climbs onto pot and pivots on stomach and reaches down and graps rags, pack, bundled knife, carafe, apple and a potato.

,,I was wondering how long it took for the armor begin to shape as William is shaped." says Hern. He twists in chair and looks behind to William. "It changes, you know."

William nods. ,,My mother told a tale of the armor and how it changed when my dad began to wear it."

,,Did she tell you the tell of how your family received the armor?" says Hern.

William pulls of cotton bath robe from body. ,,No." He pulls lether over head and ties the leather padded vest. "My father died before he would tell me. And it was something he would never talk with mother about."

Shake pulls wet bundle from plot and says with a splash and splash. ,,You know the story of the armor?"

Grun shakes head, ,,No." he looks from Shake to William. "I only know who made it. He made many pieces. Most for ceremony or as gifts." He looks at William's armor. "He did sale during his early days, but that was long before that armor was crafted.

,,How can you tell?" says Minst. He tightens boot strap and stands looking at his dagger and hit scabbard. 

,,The runes along the edge are its story.

Myst poinst to the gauntlet on William's hand and forearm. ,,And what of that armor. Do you see anything special about it?''

Hern squints and shakes head. ,,No. It looks functional. The padding could be replaces." He points. "The edge is worn around the forearm. It is magical. Conjuring and evocation. Some charm. If you take it off."

William shakes head as he grabs his brest plate. ,,No time."

Shake's stolen dwarven dagger falls to the stone floor behind the large pot.

Everyone looks at Shake.

,,Everyone awake?" Shake drops his dripping cloth and trinket bundle on top of the stolen knife. "How many pieces of armor did your friend make?"

Hern raise and eyebrow and nods. ,,Many."

Shake picks up pile and the stolen dagger.

Kirra peers at Shake as he steps from behind pot holding is bundle.

Myst laughs from the balcony as she stairs into the darkness. Myst feels engery build in her head and spread through her body. The energy spreads from her body into the room like a swirl and spin of wind. The engery flows around and through bodies and minds and brings one to find a whole where once complete and a focus of worth and self.

Jan looks at Myst and smiles. The energy builds in mind. A tear falls. Jan hears a distant song of strings play with the twisting wind.

The song spread to Kirra, Minst, William, Spear and Shake.

Shake picks up bundle wrapped around the dagger and walks with smile and a chill and walks to the relife statues and lifts bundle and pushes it into a cover. 

Steam and mist rise from the cloths. 

Kirra eats berries and sits near pack and stack of quiver and bow and bed roll.

Minst dones elven leather smelling a faint sage fume for it. The surface of the cloth are smooth and clean against his dried and clean skin. The song plays behind the mind and calm a small tension building in Minst muscles. 

The song flows through William calming the thoughts of family and the armor and the lack of progress on the mission. His tight pulls and quick glancess slow and calm. The tension flows out with breath and song.

A song that plays with Spear a drum and sooth a deep worry about the fate of being a were and the dream that was seen and felt.

The flows to each creating a drum beat of Spear, the guitar of William, the flut of Shake, the lyre of Kirra, siren of song of Jan performs in Myst's mind.

Shake walks to the table and picks up his bastard swords and looks at its edge and runs finger across. ,,I see one cared for my blade." He looks at Kirra then William. "I thank you."

Hern plugs his nose. ,,Thany them by bathing in a pot and cleaning your item in the solution in the pot by the door." He stands and waves hand before nose. He winks at Spear.

Spear looks over his dirt, blood and fece covered body. He nods, walks to the large iron pot taking off his pants and his bandage leaving them on the floor as he slips into the still steaming pot.

,,THE BIG MAN WALKS AND BREATHES!" hollers Grun.





