The soldiers push and guide Kirra then Spear then William then Myst then Minst then Guile into the desert cells.

Bent bar doors are shut, and wind gusts and blows.

John of the Goblinkin shakes a ring of keys and points Jeweled Dagger. ,,Shit Master Key Ring.'' John grabs a key and locks each door. 

As the doors are locked, pairs of soldiers walk along the desert dust from the cages.John of the Goblinkin locks William's cage last as William stand and stares into the wind. He locks the door and says, ,,If you fight and win you will live to be what ever you want to be.'' John of the Goblinkin clips and loops key around belt. ''You will find new armor with timem. John of the Goblinkin found this dagger are losing my other.'' John of the Goblinkin holds the Jeweled Dagger.

Guile says loud with the wind as he presses against bars. ,,Where is the dagger with relief hilt?''

John licks teeth and wipes sand from lips with leather sleeve. He stesp from Wiliam's cage and between the six cages. ,,WATER WILL BE TWICE A DAY. FOOD WILL BE TWICE A DAY. BEFORE NIGHT YOU WILL BE LOCKED IN CAGES. DURING THE DAY YOU ARE FREE TO LEAVE CAGES. AND LEAVE THE DESERT, IF YOU CAN SURVIVE.''

john of the goboinkin steps to Minst's cage, pulls a book from sack on side and tosses book between bars and Minst.

Minst jerks and rolls to side and stands as the book hits him. 
John says, ,,Read the spells and learn to fight and live.''

,,Where's my spell book?'' says Minst.

John looks at Minst. He raise posture striaght. ,,It be riding across the desert on a wagon to be sold at Tyranium.

Minst says, ,,What is Tyranium?'' He picks up spell book from ground.
 
,,Tyranium.'' John grins sharp teeth and licks. ''Tyranium is the city of city. It is the state.''

,,Food,'' says Guile. ''I need food.'' He smakes lips. ''Water.''

Kirra clicks and clacks with tonue and cheek. ,,Glit!''

John of hte Goblinkin says, ,,Food and water will be brought after the rise and before the set.''

John of the Goblinskin steps between cages looking at Kirra, Minst, Guile, Myst, William and Spear. 

Kirra sits and stares at wind and her shadow that castes from the bars. She feel no cold or hunger or thirst. She smells wiffs of sulfer and rot gust between pushes of wind. 

Minst picks up the Goblin Spell Book and looks over its pages.

Guile sits and stares at the Jeweled Dagger with the thump of his heart beating hallow and deep as Guile lays on the frost sand 

Guile reaches and John strikes.

John snorts and sneers. ,,It is mine!'' and walks by Myst as Myst peers silence a John.

William and Spear both sit. William sits agains bars with knees raises and forarms rested on top of knees and hair flapping over face. He stares to the Rise.Spear stares at the sand and frost blowing and pileing over the ground.

John of the Goblinkin walks alone toward the Set.

Kirra, Minst, Guile, Myst, William and Spear sit and lay with hunger pains pumping from the hollow of bodies. Grumbles and spike feel through Guile while Kirra only feels slow. 

It's the thirst the cracks along the lips and swells the tonge to talk. Dry spit covers mouth.

They sits and lay bundled like white rocks.  
 
Sand blos past and piles agains the pack as the sun lowers. 
 
The wind blows gloud and around the face and hands. Minst shivers and pulls the hood of blanket cloths. 
 
They shivers and huddle. The sit. 
 
Then as the sun tip is nearly lower than the horizon, a group of sihlouettes walk from the dark.  
 
The group walk between the cage to the pack.  
 
The group becomes humans, hugoblins, a dwarf and an elf carrying two pots the size bath. 

Shadows and sihlouettes of black dressed soldiers shift the setting shodows. 

Spear sees a few soldiers walk to a group of soldiers standing previously unseen a stones through away. 

Kirra smell goblin sweat from the wind and sees five goblins soliders appear from the shadows over the land and stand looking through the horizon.

The group with pots shuffle step with a small cart.

The small cart rolls spike wheels over the sand to the cages. A stack of tall wood cups shift and sway as the cart wobbles on.

The large wooden cups are picked from stacks, filled with liquid and set before the doors of cages.

The carte and white dressed being roll past pressing full cups of liquid before each door. 

A cup is pressed into the sand crust before William, Spear, Myst, Minst, Kirra and Guile.

William grabs the cup and smells. He says loud, ,,MYST IF THIS BE POISON OR DEATH PLEASE LISTEN FOR REIGHN.'' he drinks.

Kirra, Minst and Guile drink while Myst grabs the  cup and prays.

The liquid in the cup slides slow into the mouth then spreads like blood down the throat.

All, but Spear drink.

The cart rolls past and stops and jerks over the sands to cages and cages with shadows and sihlouettes drinking from cubs.

The cups are lifted, licked and tapped until the lasst drip of thick liquid falls on lips and mouth.

The wind blows a drop to chin and chin is licked.

The thick cools the dry burn. It slides down throat

Sand and frost gusts then settles.

The cart and the cart rolls away with the stepping white sheeted beings.

The white sheets around Kirra, William, Spear, Minst, Myst and Guile hang from shoulders like a sheet. Thin ropes hold sheet tight around wrist, waist and ankle. The white sheets hang a hood twice the size of Spear's head. The white sheets shine with setting sun.

The white sheets glow in the moon lights as the night cold presseses.

The dark cold presses. 

Minst shivers with with Guile.

Kirra unties the ropes around forearm, bicep, legs, thighs and waist and holds the ropes as she bundles in a ball with to the Set and to Minst.

William pulls at the gray sack around gauntlet hand and pulls and pulls. 

The cold chills fingers and faces. 

It shivers.

Minst pulls the orpes off to bundle like Kirra. Guile follows.

The night cools, and Spear sits.

Spear ramins sitting in the cage. 

William says, ,,Spear, Spear!'' He stares and stands and says with a loud whisper. ''Spear!''

Spear sits and sits and looks to ground letting the burn of cold fingers whilt the leaves of his mental tree that is dying. 

Cold freezes William's rage as he paces and stops to a sit. 

,,Myst,'' William says.''

And Myst sings and sits and slightly sways this way and that way. 

A warm feels to radiate from thorugh the night around Minst and guile, Kirrra and Spear and William like a smooth bass rubs the skin. 

The warm calm Minst's shiver and a tinkle in Guile's thraot.

Then there is sleep.

Like the cold, the sleeps covers.

The warm cools to clold druing hte night. 

Through the night they sleep.

BANG! MINST CAGES IS HIT BY A BIG SHADOW.

The big black shadows creates over the cages. Tenticals reach into Minst's cage.

Minst rolls and slips to the center.

A tentical rises to the moon then wips around cage. 

Kirra grabs a rod on cage and throws rod at the shadow mass.

A slow roar blows like a howlling wind. 

A tentical thick and long splat on bar walls of KIrra's cage. Kirra slaps pull aginst the mass.

,,FIGHT,'' holloers Kirrra.

Minst coveres in the center and rolls with the hit of an arm reching froma mumby boney mass preseeing from above.

Spear wakes and sees the black creature, like those of the castle and in the desert, wrap around cage of Minst. Spear's heart thumps and thuds in chest and as he leaps his body shifts and slides into a from near a rat. 

The ropes on shoulders pop.

Spear's roar becomes a squeak, and the arms reach to swat the dark beast.

William wakes with the sound of the cage and not feeling affraid see the beast and holds a rod and tosses it at the beast and Minsts cage.

The rod William throws flies and strikes the black block of limbs and tenticals. 

The ground shakes from the bars and ground like a moan, and tenticals swing and Minst and Kirra.

A tentical stikes Minst and knocks him flat. A hand on an arm sticking from folds of fat of the flat beast over the caste grabs the cages for and pulls.

The cage door rattles and shakes and chains pull of Minst's door cage.

,,Fight, Minst,'' says William. 

But Minst sits like a rock on the ground.

Guile wakes to see and hear the rattling. Thoughts of dragons flying to kill spread a fear as Guile wakes, and guile sees the best with his night sight fighting with Minst. Guile feels a fear and a fright and kicks and crarwls to the edge of cage away from the beast.

,,Spear,'' hollers Willaim.

Spear screeches and reaches through bars with claws and snouts swiping and snapping at the mutant beats over Minst's cage. The door and change rattel and push and hold Spear, William and Kirra. 

Myst wakes from song sleep and sees the fight and beast, and she sings away an emotional darkness that makes her cry. The sight of Minst dieing causes tears and pout shouts of sadness in Myst's song.

Myst's song sings through the thoat.

The dark mass mutant monster squeeks and purrs, roars and slides, slithers and limbs to the dark. 

William says ,,Minst.''

Minst lays with hands over head. He hears, but doens't move. A low snore creates from his mouth.

''MINST!'' says William louder.

Spear hissses and snaps rat jaw and bits, hits, claws the barss then calms to a pant and a stare.

Minst lays still and sleeps...

Then one by on they all sleep as bodies and minds slow and sleeps no matter how hard even William tries to remin awake.

Int the middle of cells with rocks and bars near, they be.

The sun rises from the middle or Rise to the top of the blue sky to the middle Set casting shadows toward the Rise then Set of Mid Valley.

Beings and beast rise from their sand and frost beds. 

Sounds of a sqeaking cart wheel rolls between the cells.

Kirra, Spear, William, Myst and Minst hear and wake. Myst hums with sound until silence.

Silence is as the cart stops near cages to allow a white sheeted being pour thick liquid into cups.

Mounds of white sits, stand, step, reach with cups.

The cups are help by hand and claw between the parts as the cart passes.

The cart squeaks and rolls, cups are filled. The shadows are all the sight that changes with the planes. 

Guile wakes.

The shadow of the cart floast slow past Kirra then Minst and Guile, Spear and Myst then William.

William grabs cup and stands to cages and squints at Myst and the rising sun. 

Myst's face is covered with the hood of the white and the shadows of the rising sun.

William feels the warmth of sun and the tone of near words and shiver as a breeze blows. He follows shiver to side to see naked Spear.

The breeze blows soft and dry cold over Spear's naked body.

Spear lays naked in human skin sleeping as sand breezes over body. Deep breathes rise and lower from face covered by arms ands hnads.

Guile looks at naked Spear near a stare. 

Kirra grabs cup and sets cup between bars then steps back into the center new her pile of rocks and rods.

The cart rolls, and the team of white sheet beings scooping thick liquid into deep cups.

Kirra, Minst and Guile, Spear and Myst then William drink the liquid as the sun rises and the cart squeakes away. 

William tries to peer into the shadows of the Myst's hood and through the shadows.

The shadows span from the bars, the prisoners.

The sun rises from the Rise.

The set shines flat and bright.

The Rise shines at the cart as it rolls with a squeak toward the Set.

,,We can pry the chains from the bars and run,'' says William as he picks up a bar and walks to the chains.

,,And go where?'' says Minst as dry lips smack.

William siled the cold bar between the cold block. He grabs the pole with the ends of sheet suit and covred guantlet. 

Guile stands and walks to the bars letting his fat stomach press against bars. ,,Your desire great. Your plan bad.''

,,Mint Steel,'' says Guile. 

William slides pile between chain and bars. ,,Spear,'' says William with streess. He pulls the pry bar and grunts.

,,William, the chains are...'' says Guile as William grunts and pulls and prys.

Minst looks and sits up and stares at the chain and bar.

William pull...

TINK! 

The bar slips, flips and slams William's head.

Cold sting thunks William's skull.

William falls to ground with hands over skull.

,,William!'' says Myst.

William hits the ground and presses on skull. He hears a rings and feels sting.

Then all hear a the cackle howl and clicking laughter.

John of the Goblinkin steps from the dawn shadows to the morning light. The Jeweled Dagger hangs at hip and  reflects sun shine to the eye of Guile.

Guile stars at the rubby and feels his heart thump echo...

,,Leader shit is here to smear,'' says John the of the Goblinkin. ''And you stink to think you can break that chain or bend the bar.''

William holds head to press the pain away and holds tongue.

Guile glances at naked Spear and says, ,,William bend your back.''

John licks tonogue tip over pointed teeth. ,,I bend. Do not break.'' He grabs a set of keys and walks by William's cage then walks the row between William, Myst and  Spear, Guile and Minst and Kirra.

Kirra grabs a large rock and throw arm and wrote between bars and upon John of the Goblinkin's head.

The large rock grazes skull cap of John of th eGoblkin and hits the bars of William's cages.

John of the Goblinkin  ducks and sways, rolls.

William grabs a metal rod and throws it between the bars. 

The rod slides between the bars and at John's head as John ducks.

John ducks and rolls under William's rod, springs to feat and throws a dagger between cages and bars at Kirra.

Knife hits Kirra's sheet cloths and cuts.

Kirra pulls and rolls and wraps the dagger in sheet then grabs the knife as she rolls to feet.

John of the Goblinkin grabs William's metal rod and slams the rod against William's cage and throws the rod at Myst's cages while pulls Jeweled Dagger from sheath.

The metal rod hits Myst's cage and creates a ring. 

Myst sings the ring of the bars and sings loud high above an eagoblin cries. 

The song note rings the Jeweled Dagger and peirces the sound of John of the Goblinkin and Spear.

Spear does hear the high pain noise and wakes with rages. His arms flail and smake and scramble body to a croutch. He grabs a rock and rod and crouches naked in corner.

The sounds singes to Minst and William, but subdues Guile. Giule hears the ring like a loud song playing his heart beat fast and deeps.

The then with fleat feet Kirra is on feet and holding dagger. The noise louds and pain, but no pain sways her stare at John of the Goblinkin.

John of the Goblinkin lowers head, squeezes eye lids, stmubles back the stands with posture with cackle howl snickering with a snort. He points the tip of Jewelled dagger at Kirra. ,,You a fisty. You can be tamed.'' He hops back and raises his bend neck and points dagger at William. ''You will learn. There is no where to un. There is not escape.

William grabs another rod and a rock and stands in the middle of the cages.

the sound of Myst's sonus sounds to silence leaving a deep chill through mind as cold as the chill throug hbody froom the desert morning.

The desert spans as far and near as the sun. Shadows created cages over the grounds.

John stands in the shadows as Kirra stands with dagger.

Spear looks around, but not at the ground. He stands, grabs a metal rod, walk to cage end.

And Minst shivers and crouchs and peers at John.

John of the Goblinkin step back peering at all, and he says, ,,Try to wipe shit with weapons will only stain your stay, in your,'' He licks teeth wit tongue. ''In your, training rooms. Training rooms.'' He walks and steps naer Myst's cage with back to sun and empty cage and rises key ring. 

,,You are a coward,'' says Willam. ''William drops rock and metal rid. ''I only need my hands and feet to beat you to death were your honorless God will protect you.''

John cackle howls and sniffss and lays hand on Myst's cage door.

Myst sees with the sound of wind John's hand. She sees the rods and pile of rocks. She grabs a rod and slams John's hand on her cage.

John shouts from a cackle howl. He swings dagger. 

The Jeweled Dagger rings loud. 

John of the Goblinkin shakes hand and sucks on some fingers. With muffled mouth, John clicks and clack loud. He pulls fingers from mouth and grabs key, open lock to Myst's cell door. 

the door opens. 

Myst throws a rock and swings the rod. She hums to see John of the Goblinkin stand near open door. 

John says, ,,If you wrestle with shit you will get stained.'' steps to Myst and looks a back at William.

The Jeweled Dagger twinkles with the rising sun.

,,NO,'' shouts Willlam. He steps and slams rod aagainst chain and door.

,,STAY AWAY FROM HER?'' hollers Spear. Spear leaps from cage end to bars and door. With a roar, he pulls and bars. 

Bars do not bend through a roar and shout. 

Kirra clenches her knife and peers. ,,Move die.''

Guile peers and shouts from mind to John of the Goblinkins like breeze in a canyon. The thought of Guile blows and swirls and mind spins and twirles in to the dust.

Breeze blows cold as Spear growl calms and muscles relax.

The Jeweled Dagger twinkles.

John the Goblinkin shouts, ,,QUIET AND CALM.'' He looks around

A few shilouettes in cages around stand, stare, watch. 

Johon of the Goblinkin. He point dagger tip to self. ''Shit I may be to you. But helps you live.

Myst steps swings the metal rod.

John jumps back with a cackle howl and sniff. ,,Want to live free?'' He peers at Myst and walks from the cages and stands away from William's while point the knife tip to each cage. ''You want to scream or train for desert fighting and living in the heat.'' He peers at Myst. ''You live free. You go where you want. John of the Goblinkin will eat.'' He looks at William. ''Not shit. Master.'' He smiles at Myst. ''And master will let you go free.'' John of the Goblinkin. ''John of the Goblinkin will return before sun Set.

And john of the Goblinkin rwalks to the ediges of cages shadows, over the desert ground and into the ground fading and disappearing like a ghost.

William throws a rock. ,,MONSTER.''

A cackle howl is heard with the breezes.

The cold breeze blows and one by one the stares flow from John to Mysts.

Myst sits and stares and looks out of the cage. She sees with the sound of the breeze the cage. She feels the sun and the cold. Myst stands in hte cage with open door.

William says, ,,Myst, get a rod. Help me.'' He picks up a rod and prys it between the bars of the cage door. ''Help me. Pullllllllllll...'' He pulls and the rod.

The rod bends.

Myst stands and steps from cage.

A shout and laughter of human and dwarf are heard from prisoners in cages that surround. Some on yells, ,,COME FREE ME/!'' Another yells, ,,NEED LOVE!'' Goblin tonge clacks, ,,Glkicka OLiK.''

Guile says, ,,DIK,'' and sees a shadows caste toward the rising son over the prisoner, an arrow vollefy from Guile, into the prisoner's mind. Guile blows the shadows over prisoners thoughts of raping Myst until Guile is raping the prisoner. 

The distant prisoner falls to sand. 

The shouts fade as Wiilliams says, ,,Myst,'' He puts rod between door bars and cell bars. 

Myst steps and jams the between the bars of the cage and door.

,,Cage strong. Rod weak,'' says Guile.

William's rod pops from pry, and William falls. He spits sand from mouth and scrambles to stand and he slams the rod between the cell bars and pulls, grunt, shouts. ,,MOVE!''

,,William,'' says Spear.

William pulls.

,,WILLIAM!'' shouts Spear.

The shouts hits William like a slap. The shout makes head turns of prisoners slumped and sleeping. The shout guides all sight to Spear.

,,What?'' says William. He jams bent rod between bars of cell door and cell. ''Step back,'' he says and bends the rod the other way while looking at Spear. ''Now you act with talk.''

,,Now we can escape,'' says Spear.

Myst, Minst, Guile look at Spear while Kirra looks away.

William jams and bends rod other way. ,,Through the desert going toward the Set with a cup full of some liquid.'' He looks at Spear and jams rod and bends rod. ''We could have fought. We could have escaped.''

,,William,'' says Myst.

Willliam says looking at Spear and bending rod. ,,We need you not a shaman.'' 

The rod breaks.

And William stares at Spear. He he holds the broke rod before Myst. ''The sharp end will puncture throats and eyes.''

,,We can still fight our way out,'' says Spear.

William and Spear stand and stare.

Myst stands, ,,Eye can not see means not the enemy need not see.'' She steps to cages and lifts and rocks and rods feeling for the weight to subdue and defend.

William grabs the short pointed rod and its end. He tosses the short pointed rod between the cells bars and at Spear's feet. ''We can still fight our way out.''

,,Weapons,'' says Kirra.

Minst nods and slides down bars glancing at naked Spear. ,,Training for the fights.''

Guile blinks stare away from the images of him raping prisoner. He looks at naked Spear then Minst. He sees Minst stress in the rings and suttle shake of temple. ,,What's in the book,'' says Guile.

Minst picks up the book. ,,Goblin spells,'' says Minst.

,,What type of Goblins spells?'' says William. He picks up a rock and sorts the rocks. 

Minst says opening the spell book. ,,The shield spell. A flame spell. A click spell. There is a chant. I don't know what the chant does. There are more I do not read or see.'' He looks at William.

William looks back at Minst and nods, winks, He grabs stone. ,,Myst can your song be heard.''

,,It can be heard, but can't be seen,'' says Myst.

Guile sees warriors wearing leather and studded leather armor opening doors of cages around.

The cages span a far run to the Set and a quick walk to the wax and Wane.

Kirra looks through the cages and sees...

Prisoners step with warriors with swords and morning stars, leather and studded armor, coifs pull around faces.

Kirra says, ,,Shut door.''

Guile sees warriors pull the shouter with rape thoughts being pulled from cell.

Guile says, ,,Shut your cell door. Wrap and tie the chain.''

,,RUN,'' shouts a distant soldier. 

A few prisoners in white run between the cages toward the Wax.

,,CLIO,'' is clicked and wooden break.

Cages to the Wax, near the edge of sight through the dim morning light and through the shadows, open doors. 

The cages doors open, and sihlouettes tha gleam white between the bars of the sun as the sihlouttes run between the light and to the Wane.

William, Spear, Minst, Kirra, Guile and Myst sees. Myst sees with the sound of the sand and distant foot steps. 

Myst hears and sees with the sound of the wind, the breathing, the shouts and mutters of all far and near. She steps and grabs the chain and shuts the door. 

The chain is wrapped around bar of door and bar of cell. 

,,Minst, what can you caste?'' says William.

Spear picks up William's broken rod piece and walks arond the rods and rocks in his cell. ,,We dig.'' He slams rod into sand.

Guile looks a Spear and stares as Spear dives to ground and scoops sand away from the cage bars. ,,They rape Myst. I see in mind.''

,,If they near we will attack,'' says William. ''Minst.''

Minst looks at the goblins spell book, at the sihlouettes to the Rise, Spear digging, Myst and the goblins spells. He clicks fingers and dry lips that smack flat. A mark of light traces a spot before head. 

Hoots and hollers and a long shout sound through the dawn as the sihlouettes to the Set collide.

The groups of a few become a shadowy mess. Rocks and rods are thrown...

A scream pierces the dust breeze.

Spear digs. 

Sand flies and piles behind Spear.

Kirra and William sort rock and bouldders. They hide rocks in places in sand and rods.

Minst whislte snaps for shield, throws walk. A trace flashes then shimmiers. The rock flies and hits bar.

Rings of still clink through the morning desert.

Sun rises, and shadows shring.

A couple of beings wearing white run fast between cage to the Rise through the cages.

The breeze gusts, and the two prisoners run at Minst and Myst's cages. 

Spear grabs rod and rock as does William and Kirra.

The two prisoners run between Minst and Myt then Spaer and William.

The runner's elven bodies run smooth and fast between. A flag like flap snaps thei backs.

,,LLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,'' sings and says a distant prisoner.

,,Elven,'' says Minst.

,,WHERE YOU GOING?'' shouts William at the two elven running to the Set.

Guile tries to shout mind to find the thoughts of the running elves, but feels only the fear of their path. ,,They die.''

Spear watches then elves the kneels to the ground and digs sand and to bars under the cage door. ,,Bars.''

Minst smaps and feels and sees scratch makes trace then a shimmer appear around him. He pulls finger over the rows of marks and scratches 

Wiliam watches the elves run to the dim sunset. 

Kirra watches the sihlouttes to the Rise fights and run to cages.

Warriors walk around empty and filled cages. The cages are a short fun from Kirrra.

The cages have bottoms dug out, rocks pilled over bar walls, stacks of steel rods. The cages are empty and a few open with doors swinging with the breeze.

The sand and frost blow voer the smooth sand.

A human warrior with a morning star opens a cage door a rock throw from kirra. The warriors long arms pulls the cage door open while his other hand and arm hold the morning star ready to strike.

The morning star hangs.

,,The training begins,'' says Guile.

,,What is it that my sight doesn't sing to my mind,'' says Myst.

,,Warriors open doors to prisoners. The prisoners fight,'' says Guile.

William grips a rock and looks from the elves path the cages and fights to the Set. ,,Be thankful Rieghn has blessed the song not to see the rage and the hate of the fight spreading over the desert.'' William peers. ''there is nothing to the Wane, Wax, Rise or Set. The sun rises and the prisoners are fighting toward the Set. It is the sound you hear.''

Minst click tongue to roof and begins to speak slow goblins reading the angles of the rows and columns of makrs. Minst reads the angles of the mark to be the hight or low pitch while the length being the duration.

Clings and chinks clanter and clank. A low groan flows with breezes.

Spear pushe away dirt from bars below. ,,No dig out.''

,,Fight,'' says Kirra as she stares.

William breathes. ,,We must fight to gether or die apart.''

Guile swallows dry saliva. ,,We need to leave.''

William says, ,,Where shall we travel across these endless sands that span as far as the shines.'' His lips crack and tongue smacks. ''Mid valley. Where would we go from the desert?''

Spear sits back and looks at hole then looks around the desert grounds. ,,We follow your destiny to your greatest of grandmothers and stop the war.''

,,Destiny.'' William breathes. ''I have no destiny.'' William steps to the cage wall. ''If we go to the Rise we go to leave Lyno, Goblins Port and Westmore Canyond beyond our thoughts and lives. 

,,Where?'' mummble Minst. Minst read the rows of the spell book. Mints clicks long and short with the length of the marks. The marks spine lnes and lines. Minst begins to snap finger and lips and tongue. Minst clicks.

Myst says, ,,The song of Reighn sings from the Rise.''

,,Fight,'' say Kirra. ''Live.''

William watches the white dressed prisoners race from cages and collide.

The prisoners fight between cages. They fight on cages. They throw rocks and swing rods.

Thumps and tinks slam against screams and shouts. 

The prisoners mass.

The warriors step back around the edges of the group of fighting. The warriors stand in couple and small groups apart. ONe group cheers while another shouts anger.  A prisoner runs from the mass of fighting prisoners toward two warriors.
 
Two warriors stand. One slides swords and stabs a prisoner.

Three warrrior on the other side of the fight shout and one points sword ant the two warriors and fallen soldiers.

A rock flies and hits a cage.

William stands. ,,If this be our training then we best be ready to fight with another.''

They stand and watch as the sun rises.

Minst watches the pages of the book read past. His fingers and mouth bend and move with the scratch and slashes of marks. 

Marks and slashes feel to pull from the book as Minst reads.

As Minst reads, Guile tries to cover all of body with the white sheet while watching the prisoners and warriors.

As Minst reads, Myst hmms with the wind to see the land and feel the cool to warm; the hunger to stenght; the fear to wonder. As she sings, in her mind, the notes create the cages and warriors around.

As minst reads, Kirra begins to dig a hole like Spear piling the sand the wall.

As Minst reads, William look around the cages and at the fight warrios.

As Minst reads, Spear tries to feel anything, but the cold against his naked flesh. He tries to see with Flare or the sky, but sees only the sun.

The sun rises, and Minst reads.

Near the peak of mid rotation, the few standing prisoners limp, walk, run to cages.

The warriors gather and sepeates. They lock cages and a few step into cages. While a few begin to fight with their prisoners. 

Cries and shouts are heard over the flat desert breeze...

The breeze blows sand. 

Sand blows into Kirra's hole.

Kirra digs a deep into the sand. The hole deep enough and long enough for Kirra to lay within. Kirra stands an points to the hole. ,,Hide. Surprise.''

William leans head against bars. ,,If we only need to surprise our enemy.''

``Spear looks over. ,,A trap. A weapn.'' He hits stone against a end of rod. ''John Goblins. What him?''

,,We kill John,'' says Guile as he cover face from the sun. ''WE take the body and keys. We go into the tunnels. We be free.''

They stare along the plains.

,,Yes,'' says William. ''We will have our justice to all, but we must wait our time, listen and wait.'' He glances at Spear.

Spear feels and looks back.

William pinches and pulls at the cloth over gauntlet. ''When time is right we leave and let the fight begin again and see where the fate leads.''

Spear squints away the sun. ,,We fight for you.''

Wiliam stabs ground with rod and pulls. ,,Who I am is a question I a am wonderd. If any know the truth please let me know as I feeel...''

,,Lies,'' says Myst.

,,Lies,'' says William. ''It that the song sung to you by Myst?" William smiles and stares.

Myst says with song, ,,No song was sung, but my soul knows you are connected to the fate and to that armor.''

,,Connected.'' William taps guantlet agains bars. ''The only armor I am connected to is strapped to my hand.''

Spear snorts. ,,It be.''

,,And it be your fate.''

The three nod to silence as they sit and stare as the sun moves over the Wane to the Set.

Kirra stares and sees the warriors leave to the Set and the Wax and the Wane.

All see prisoners of cages lay under the shadows of the bars.

The bar heat during the fall of the sun.

All sit and stare while Minst reads and Myst sings and digs. All things of food and water. They lick sweat from lips and wish it were rain.

Salt taste stings.

Sweat drips and drips and slides over face.

And the sun shines with the song of Myst.

The song sings like wind blowing through a whistle feeling to calm the rays of desert sun and throb of hunger pains.

With a whistle to Myst's song, Guile looks at the bars, the locks, the sand. He tries to see into the lock of the door and flow around the machine like a mind like in Shake's mind while Shake picks the locks and feels the tumblers and wheels. He stands and fondles the door lock with setting sun shining in eyes.

The sun shines lowers casting shadows over Minst's spell book.

Sweat drops drip from Minst's face to spell book.

Minst reads and sees the sounds and the rows of even lines of ordered marks flow. Minst sees the marks create shapes with numbers. The numbers flow from the sounds of clicks he tries to speak in mind.

Minst tries to click with tongue and lips, but can't click with dry tongue.

The marks of the spell book flow and go over the pages. 

Minst reads the book again.

The sun caste shadows over Myst's hole, Spear's hole and Kirra's hole.

Kirra digs a hole in the center of cage. She puts rocks and rods around the cage and under sands and finds them blind. She sits and watches the prisoners. She looks a all and looks at Spear.

Spear sits in cage with eyes closed and meditating. Spear things of a tree growing over a desert as his hear races and the day passes with the sun.

Wind and a throat hum of Myst fill the silence with sound. Hunger and thirst give mind reason to keep mouth shut.

They peer thorugh the setting of sun and casting of shadows at the horizons and the prisoners. The horizons dim with dusk. The prisoners lift rocks, swing rods, kick bars, punch bars and wrestle with each other.

The warriors return and appear on the horizon through the cages. Talk and laughter are heard. The prisoners in white stand near the warriors and talk. The talk carries with the soft wind blowing towar the Set and plays and clicks of locks and rattle of chains are heard.

The clicks pull Guile and Minst from their minds. Guile's mind lost in the lock and the  process of the machine. Minst's mind in loud echos of clocks and clicks and ticks. Their minds throb and stop. The look at the warriors and prisoners.

All look at the prisones and warriors and the shadows caste to the dark.

The sweat dries and the heat cools.

The warrior and prisoners talk as the warriors lock cages, wrap chains and tosses bundles into the cages. 

William looks to the Set and into the shadows. ,,What shall we do once John of the Shit returns?''

,,It is my belief that these cages are to  protect from that vile being that tried to eat me this last dark.'' Minst looks at Kirra's hole and Spear's hole. He begins to dig.

,,We ask for food,'' says Guile. ''We ask for keys. We ask for weapons.''

,,Yes,'' says Spear.

Kirra fondle her dagger from john. ,,We kill. Take key. Go.'' She flips knife end over end. 

All are quiet.

Minst huffs and snorts and pushes sand, ,,Where. Will. We. Go?''

All watch the warriors walk from the cages. 

,,we remain.'' Says William. ''We listen to John. We train. We fight.'' He looks at Kirra. ''We kill.'' Willaiam looks to the Set and peers into the bright red dusk. ''Thought I may be faitless and my history of me a lie told by Carlos the Barded Dwarf, I still have family killed by these horrid goblins.'' William glances around the cages and sees all looking at him. ''We will fight and kill until this Senator Ring be dead with all the goblins we kill along the way.'' William stesp stare into the darkness of the Rise.

Wind gusts and settles, and sand blows and settles for a short span while all look from William.

Cold covers and holds.

Then the sound of squeaking wheels wake the silence to noise.

A group of soldiers wearing black armor lead the cart pulled by the white sheeted workers.

The cart rolls near, and William is the first to stand near the cart path and hold arm through bars and cup.

Spear, Myst, MInst and Guile stand like William while Kirra places her cup ouside the cage and sits with knife hidden under sheet.

The cups are illerd with large scoops of liquid.

As the thick liquid drips into Minst's cub, Minst days, ,,Water.'' He swallow dry spit. ''Can we have some water\?''

,,Drink,'' says a soldier.

And the cart squeaks between cages stopping and starting.

All drink from the cups.

The cold liguid fills mouth and tonuge with bliss. Its thick body slides and seeps down thraot. A cool spreads as the liquid flows through body, and hunger throbs calm and cool.

The minds drink and lick and tap bottoms of cups.

Smacks of lips and tongue is the talk until a cackle howl.

,,Thirst and hunger are you greatest and only enemy,'' says John of The Goblinkin.

William says calm and cool. ,,Gives the food and water we need to survive or let us fight for freedom.''

,,I give you food for thirst and hunger.'' John of the Goblinkin hold Jeweled dagger in one hand and a black dagger in the other hand. He hunches away from William and peers at all. ''If you fight. If you train.'' He points tip of Jeweled Dagger at Myst and Minst and William. ''You will win food and water. You will get more cups.'' John of the Goblinkin steps becak and licks tongue over pointed teeth.

William stands full height and looks down upon John. ,,We seen to the rise warriors and prisoners fighting and talking. We seed two elves run free. We seen shadows and sun...And we have become weaker as the sun past. And now you tell us we must fight for food we need to survive.''

,,YES,'' says John of the Goblinkin. ''And if you live through the training you will fighte through the trial.''

,,What training?'' says Minst. He lifts the book. ''This book. This sand. Where is this training to survive.''

John of the Goblinkin licks pointed teeth. ,,That book.'' He points the Jeweled Dagger tip at Minst. ''That book will save you and you team of warriors or the enemy. Guard it.'' John steps to Minst. ''Read it.''

William says, ,,How shall we train while we remain in these cages?''

,,Do we leave?'' says Minst as Guile says, ,,Where's my heart dagger?'' And Minst mummbles out. ''When do we leave? Why should we fight? Do you want us to die? Why not kill us?''

And the words of Minst give pause to the wind and John.

John of the Goblinkin nods. ,,You questions, Minst, are good questions I will answer for my shit my stink, but it is good shit.'' He glance back a grin at William. ''If you don't stink my words with your thoughts.''

William says with soothing words. ,,We wish and want to hear your wisdom to help us live through this trial.''

,,Trial,'' says John of the Goblinkin. He smiles and paces the path between the cells with dagger tip pointing here and there. ''You are in Mid Valley to train to fight and die in the fighting pits of the City of Gnomse. Here you will train and fight with the sun as your guide to life and...And each day we will train until the time comes for you trial-''

,,What trial?'' says Minst.

John of the Goblinkin pause and peers at Minst and points dagger. ,,It has been a good night.'' John of the Goblin walks from the cages to the setting sun.

,,John of the Goblinkin,'' says Myst. Her song voice feels to sing. ''We have been without guidance or food.'' She stands with hands searching for bars and door. ''Please guide us on how to survive for Rieghn Song sings strong only when the body lives.''

John of the Goblinkin walks a few more steps then stops, walks to Myst and licks lips with dagger tip pointing at Myst. ,,You listen. You hear.'' He raises a key and locks the cage door. 

,,I listen,'' says Myst. 

,,You can run from the cage, but not the desert. You can hide in the cage from the beast of the night, but not the beast of the day for the sun shines.'' He sniffs and tries to straighten hunched back. ''We fight during the day and try to take the cup and weapons of our enemies.'' He steps back and says loud. ''YOu are mine reward for seeing through our lies as spies.'' John of the Goblinkin says, ''You ahve been found guiltly and your trial will be the running survival to City of Gnomes.''

The shadows become dark, and John of the Goblinkin says, ,,After the rise your training will begin,'' and he walks to the darkness toward the rise.


