Love sees to Flare, and Guile sees Flare's throughts from Love through their trust.

Love's thoughts begins with the smell of mint then the mint warms the body to smell cinnimmon that cools with a purr through Flare then through Flare and the Mind Trust of Flare and Guile.

Love sees with surface talk to Flare. >You will guide guile to hinder warriors in the gladiator ring. YOu will know the warrior when you need to know. You see to Guile the warrior to controlled. You do not see to Guile the details of our site. We see ony to see for the other.<

Flare lays and rises from her bed. >Love,< she sees to the stream of purrs spreading to silence up Flare's body. >|I want to be with you.<

Love purrs to see. >You will be with me in you dreams.<

Flare's soothing thought, likes licks and kisses over nipples, sees to Love. >I want to be with hyou in all my dreams. Naked and in the wrap of our flesh.<

Loves purr becomes a moan, and the moan rubs breasts and pussy until a wet spreads and her moans flow with Love's thoughts.

Flare's body writhers and hands follow Love's purrs and moans through her flesh and body. Deep breathes dry the wet and shiver through body as Flare's mind spans from sights to feelings of...

Guile follows the stream of their trust until a purr thrusts Guile to mind. 

Guile yawns and burps. He clears throat and spits. He sleeps fleeing for the smell of the beast to see with the Trust with images and thoughts of controlling the beasts and the warriors in the pit. His heart beats and pounds then calms as thought rush flows to calm. 

They sleep with no dreams and wake. 

Flare wakes first the Guile sees the Light in Flare's room through Flare's eyes and wakes himself.

They meet in the stairs and first talk after they get mush, green root and sand grain.

,,You see,'' says Flare.

Guile says, ,,Yes.''

Flare and Guile stare. 

Guile smiles and eats. 

Flare looks through the grays eating fhte Bearded Human. 

Guile mental shouts through crowd finding three areas of minds protected.

Both focus on the Mind Trust creating a bond like a sixth sense.

They eat.               

They work. Bags are stuffed with towels. Blood is mopped to bucket. Trash is put in bags.

The walk to the sand showers. 

Guile says as they walk from the showers. ,,You feel.''

Flare shakes head. 

They eat, sleep and wake. Eat, work and clean with the sand for six cycles.

Then Flare wakes the morning, dresses and walks the hall to the stairs where Guile waits.

A gray suit walk her way. The gray suit has hood pulled over head and drawn for the shadows.

Flare feels a shake and puts hands on hips as she walks her path through one half of the hall.

The grays suit with hood walks the center of the hall at Flare.

Flare passes a few grays talking in a room with open door. She steps along hall past the door.

The hooded gray strides along the center.

Flare grabs dagger hilt with outside hand and flexes shoulder.

They shoulder bump. 

The gray hood slips a parchement piece into Flare's hand. 
 
Flare pulls on dagger hilt.

The gray walks with back to Flare.

Flare stands. 

A gray suit pookes head from door then back.

Flare stands and stares. 

The gray walks toward the darkness. 

Flare looks at the parchement in hand.

The parchment is light yellow with black marks of surface talk. It reads: Shining warrior is dim.

Flare looks from the parchemnt to the staring gray.

They stare.

And the gray steps back into room.

Flare meets Guile on steps. 

Guile opens mouth, but see Flare's stare.

Flare leads down the stairs.

Their mind trust parts as they walk to the sand room. 
 
Sand falls over their faces and arms. Guile was anekd through the sand. Thorugh the dust Flare puts the parchemnt in Guile's hand. She says, ,,Read and eat.''

Guile reads, ,,Shinning warrio is dim.''

He holds the parchment and hats wit the sour root.

Their Mind Trust builds as they walk the stairs above and through the service tunnels to the Warriors Waiting. 
 
Guile sees, >Another cycle of work.< He smiles and packs more bags than Flare.

Each look around looking at the arriors and grays. They look for shining things and lights. 

Warriors walk in an out dressed in shining breakstplates; chain mail, banded plate. 

The rags oare packed then the mops are given. 

They mop the halls watching guards wearing black and red armor lead bloodied id, humans and elves from the portaal. All armor is dull and covered with dents and blood
.

The blood is mopped, and guile's dexcitement wanes as sore muscles pulse.

His short breath wheezes the two a trail to the work under the bleechers. 

Gril greets them with a rotted smile. Three other grays gathter the trash below the bleechers.

Above the bleechers, people sit and stand and cheer. 

Guile works slow shifting through the trash searching for the root peieces while peering through the bleechers.

A fat human wearing sweat stained shirt and skirt sits within arm reach of Guile. The human sits with hands on hip and a moan flowing loud while other's cheer or jeer.

Guile castes through and reads mind and feels his heart slow and body feel heavy as he climbes and sees through the eyes of the big human in the white dress.

A dward in full plate fights a human wearing studded leather and black chain mail. The dwarf kills the human by chopping of an arm then evadeing and deflecting blows.
 
The fat human sits and eats a slab of meat on a stick. Her thoughts causes breath to slow and mouth to stop chewing when excited. Her body waves and head goes side to side to try to see between the crowd as they stand to cheer the killing.

Guile pauses and makes a mental leap as he pulls the top of his sack.

Flare peers through the bleechers then closes sight to see through the site of the Mind Trust. She sees the sight from the fat humans thoughts.

Guile sees, >Clean, clean, clean.<

The clean. The Mind Trust thought streaming to and from the fat human is focused by Guile with as much effort it takes to not itch. He packs and delivers packs of trash with Flare.

Flare's works slow as the senses of sight cause focuse to waver. Her head aches after two fights. 

Then the fat human stands and leaves. 

Guile pulls the thoughts and finds an half-orc wearing shining stones and rocks around his sandles. 

The orcs big greeen feet fume smell of shit and sulfure and they wiggle near Guile'e head.

Guile stands to kick trahs and much from the palce whrere the bleecher meets the glass ground. His foot slides through the sludge and pulls the much out as he hears the snort of the orc through mind.

The orc stoms feet and farts near Guile's heard. Gruts and a burp fall. 

Guile grunts and inhales the fumes of rot. He shouts with the smell site and grunt. He flows into a mind thinking orc. 

Pure rage flows into Guile.  
 
Guile clenches fists and hits.

Flare steps toward Guile and sees through their Mind Trust. She sees and smells, feels and touchs: sweat, crowd cheers, feeling of orgasm, rage of hate, lost. Louds cheers grunt. Her step slows as shw waks toward Guile.

Guile lowers hand and closes eyes. His body sways, and he falls into the muck. 

The slime spreads and rot fumes consume Guile. 

Guile is sees through the orcs eyes.

Orc sees a minotaur and an elf fight. 

The minotoar wears Red armor and has a red axe. 

The elf wears shining scales that gleam and blind as it spins round the sphere.

Flare grabs Guile and pulls him from under the bleechers.

Grim runs to Flare's side.

,,The smell,'' says Flare. He said something of the smell.''

Gril sniffs and smiles. ,,Got a work here.'' She clicks and clacks and points at Flare then Giule.

Flare hears Gril say to get Guile out of the work area or working. Flare grabs Guile and lifts.

Guile pukes.

The orc above pukes.

The orc puke drips onto Guile and Flare.

Flare pulls Guile back from the bleechers and the smell.

Gril smiles and poinst, ,,You clean.''

Guile sees the silver warrior glimmer in the ring as he sees through the orc's eyes and from its chaotic mind. Food, hunger, fight, fist are images and smells Guile see through for the vision site. He stumbles away with Flare.

Flare says, ,,You need to clean our mess before you leave,'' she sees through the Mind Trust. >YOu need to work, Guile. We have to search for something.<

Guile stares and stumbles through the trash away from the drippin orc puke.

The orc wipes chins and lets the puke remain on fur vest. The orc roars as the Red armored Minotaur slams the glimmering elf.

The elf's armor radiates and blinds the orc.

Guile squints, mummbles. ,,Bright,'' coughs, sees, >Fighter glimmers fight.<

Flare pulls Guile away from the bleechers. She tries to see through guile to the Orc. A bright light blinds, and she stumbles.

Guile falls to the ground and hits, but doesn't feel. He watches the fight through the orc.

The shimmering elf warriors spins and cuts the minotaur casting blood with swipe and rays of bright lights that glimmer from the rainbows.

The minotaur steps away and bashes battle axe down.

The elf spins away from the axe slamming to the ground. The elf's swords slices the minotaur's rump.

The minotaur roars a raor the turns the head of Gril.

Grill bends to look through the bleechers with the other two gray workers to look at the minotaur.

Flare sees through the thrust and sees and feels through Guile and the orc to watch the minotaur.

The minotaur roars with a swing of great axe, and great axe swing at the glimmer and swings through the glimmer.

The glimmer of the elf shines, dims and appears just out of swing of the great axe.

As the great axe swings past, the glimmer elf stabs longs sword into the minotaur's shoulder plate and breast plate.

The crowd cheers. A few boo. The orc stands and shouts. ,,DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDIE ELF!'' It pumps hands to air.  
 
The crowd stands blocking view of Grill and the grays.  through Guile and Flare

,,Glimmer,'' says Gril. Gril smiles and picks-up root and puts it in bag. ''WORK. Or be lazy.'' 

Other grays look away and pick food as the crows cheers.

Flare glanesa at Guile. She grabs a sack by the stack and picks up root wraps and sees to Guile. ,,The glimmer to dim.''

Guile snorts a sniff and stares through the orc.

The orc roars as the people sits.

the elf spins and slice the minotaur.

>Dim the light,< sees Flare.

Flare picks up root and sees double as she see thorugh the orce sight through the trust.

Through the trust, Guile sees to Flare. >Help Guide body through trust.<

Gril says, ,,LAZY GUILE. LAZY GUILE. NO GRAY LIKE LAZY.''

Flare picks and sees through the orc.

Guile stands and step slow toward Flare. A biag hangs fom his hand. His houlders slump. He sees through the Mind Trust, >See stop and go and pick and put,< then Guile's sees the blink and at the elf's stare.

The stare blurs as orc sweat slides over the orcs eyes.

Guile sends a mental shout from the orc.

The shout screams a cone from mouth and to the glimmmering elf. The shout reflects against the sphere ti shouts through and echos a heart beat and focus of a minotaur from the elf.

The echo flows to the orcs mind and to the trust.

Guile walks to Flare, and Flare sees, >Stop.<

Guile's body stops.

Flare sees. >Bend and pick up root skins.<

Giule's bends and grabs root and puts in sack as his sight stare through the ground and sees through the orc.

In the orc mind, Guile is blind by the light that is hones to a thought and balance and flow. The light twists and spins casting rainbow. Guile follows the light and the focus flow of thought echo of the elf. For a breath, Guile is in the mind of the elf.

In the mind of the glimmering elf warrior, Guile feels a steady and strong beat. The world dances with balance of body and swords around a battle axe that falls into a beat and pace with breath and mind and a slight hum. the hum deepens and the glimmers shines as the body leaps a step and spins under a battle axe and away with swords swing that spins to partner...

>Drop root,< sees Flare as Flare quick picks the roots into her bag. She leaves the sight of the orc to glance and Grill, the bleechers and the floor grabbing. >Guile, work.<

Guile is in a pause. His body holds while is mind flows with the spins and swoop of glimmering warrior.

Flare glances through the bleechers to see...

Glimmering elf cuts the minotaur twice and bends back to bend away from the great axe.

The minotaur roars.

Grill glances at the roar. 

Flare pushes Guile.

Giule smells the rahs through the Mind Trust and puts root in pack and works like an undead skeleton commanded to do one task for ever. Giule pulls form the dance and sees it through the orc. Guile feels the echo radiating from the mind trust thought in the orcs mind.  

Guile sees to Flare. >Leave trust.<

Flare sees, >Dim the glimmer.< Flare leaves the thought and the trust and grabs Guile's bag that spills out rotten root as he puts more in. Flare switch bags and gets another.
      
Guile flows into the warrios mind from the orcs, leaves the orc and swirls with the dance.

the elf glimmer. The minotaur misses a swing. The crowd boos. The elf stabs the minotuar. The minotaur stumbles.

Guile feels the flow of the dance and is pulle dform the dance with Flare's thought. >DIM.< Guile pause automated stuffing of root in pack and thinks of a gust and pulls on his leg.

The minotaur roars and swings axe down.

The elf spins and foot slipes and feels to tense and blow away. The glimmering elf falls. 

The axe cuts into the glimmering scalemail of the elf.

The elf reaches with one hand and drops word with other. Both hands grabs the great axe handle.

The crowd stands and cheers. Roots, glass cups and parchment wraps fall to the floor.

A glass shatters by Guile's hand. Glass guts Guile's finger.

Guile's body jots like a spun from a dance as the pain spreads from and mind. His body falls as the axe raise sfrom the elf's chest.

The shining glimmer of the armor dims.

The crowds claps. A few shout, ,,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED.''

Flare catches Guile and  sees the Mind Trust. >Guile.<

Guile breathes and sits, lays.

Gril looks at the bleechers.

A glass smashes by Flare's foot.

,,Stand,'' says Flare. She pulls on Guile.

Guile shakes, grabs his chest and breathes with the pain. Blood spreads from finger. He stands on painful ankle. 

Flare walks with Guile. 

''Dim,'' says Guile. He grins and glances back at the bleechers as an orc stands. He grabs bag. ''Can stand.''

Gril stares at Guile and Flare. 

The two other grays watch the bleechers.

A few glass cups fall and shatter.

One glass flass near Gril, and Grill peers at Guile and Flare. ,,WORK,'' she says loud.

The two grays look from the gaps between the bleechers to the floor to clean.

Flare stesp from Guile.

Guile sways. The dance spin settles through his mind. He grabs some root and puts it in back.

Flare grabs sack and picks up glass shards.

They work through the cheering and jeering of the crowd until the stomp of feet lead everyone away.

Guile tries to lift the bag over shoulder, but knees buckers and head feels to float. He falls with a splash. >Bed,< he sees.

Flare feels, and she thorws Guile's arm around her should, bend and left Guile. She dumps their sacks then helps Guile limp back to his room and bed. She tries to see to the Mind Trust, but no smell is inhalled.

As they limp step down the steps below the main level, Flare sees, >Did you dim the glimmer?<

Guile smiles then clenches jaw. >Seen the mind. Felt a warrior's mind.< He coughs and stumbles.

Flare grabs Guile's shoulder. ,,You...''

,,Sleep,'' says Guile. 

They walk the stairs and to Guile's room. 

Guile lays and sleeps. His dreams shimmer and shine then dim. 

A wave of mummbles and shouts around a floating Guile sound through the night as Guile sleeps.

While Guile sleeps, Flare eats. She has oats and milk. She sits with the grays. 

Clicks and clacks spread through the lunch room. Surface talk mixes. Flare eats, sleeps dreams.

dreams of Flare being chased by rats chase her through the night.

She wakes with heart beating and sweat dripping.

Guile wakes to throbing head and pain beating chest. He lays in bed and stairs. The Mind Trust of Love whispers through mind. The Mind Trust between him and Flare is a smells like a fart, causes pain when inhaling. He moans and lays. He sees to Flare. >Need sleep. Need...< He yawns and stretches. The stretch feels to pull chest aprt. 

Flare sees the site as she watches sweat drip to the floor. She feels the throb pump of guile's heads, stands, dress and walks to Guile's room.

In Guile's room, Guile snores.

Flare shakes Guile.

Guile's eyelids shake open, and the snore stops.

,,What,'' says Guile.

,,Work,'' says Flare. ''We need to work.''

Guile sniffs and yawns. ,,Tiiiiiired. Sleep.'' He closes eyes.

Flare grabs water. ,,Gray's work everyday''

Guile laughs. ,,I work.''

Flare splashes water on Guile.

Guile sits and swings arm at Flare.

Flare ducks and step away. ,,Wake.''

,,SLEEP!''

,,No,'' says Flare. ''Not today. Not now. Not after what happened yesterday. We must work. We must not draw attention to the act.''

Guile wipes face of water. ,,Attention. No one seen.''

,,Gril,'' says Flare. ''The gray warriors. The many mind trusts wanting to protect.'' She grabs the gray suit and throws it at naked Guile. ''Put is on.''

Guile sneezes and wipes nose. He closes his eyes and sees the stinky mind trust. He sees to Flare. >No mind thought.<

Flare's mind sees the stinky mind trust and see to Guile. >You will rest the mind. I will run the work and keep the grays happy, but you need to be awake.

Guile scratches his chest and stares at Flare while feel through the mind trust pain and fatigue.

Pain and fatigue flows from Guile to Flare.

Flare feels muscles become sore; head throb and thoughts drift from focus. Her eyelids lower as Guile's eyelids raises.

Guile stands and pulls gray suit over body, grabs his glass cube. He yawns.

Flare yawns. She stretches tight and tired muscles. She says, ,,You-''

Guile smile. ,,Go eat.'' He steps to the hall leading Flare.

Flare follows and blows away the stinky trust.

Before the stinky mind trust blows away, Guile sees, >No mind work today.<

Guile leads down the stairs, through the sand bathes. 

While they walk through the dark of the dim common area between the sand bathes and the eating ares. The walk around circles of pillows and from on golden light glow to another.

Guile says, ,,How much we earn?''

Flare looks at Giule and looks back. She sighs a way a wave of sleep. ,,Pay,'' she says. Her voice speaks calm and trailing. ''Pay comes from work.''

Guile steps and says, ,,Grays pay for this work. Senator pays for other.''

Flare grabs the back of Guile's gray suit and pushes Guile against the wall. She presses forearm against Guile's throat.

Guile gags and saliva drips from smiling lips. 

Flare presses throat. ,,Silence or I silence for you.''

Guiles voice weezes. ,,Feeling tired.''

Flare's arm cramps. 

Guile stares. ,,Go sSmell that acid death in the caverns.''

Flare thinks of the stink of the mind trust.

Guile forms the trust with the shared thought found in the scape of flare's mind that Guile has seen. Through the mind trust with Flare, Guile sees to the Mind Trust of Love. He sees to all, >PAY ME FOR SERVICES.<

The voice of Guile echoes through the sphere of Love's hive mind

Guile feels the their mind trust blow and sends a gust of force into Flare's mind. 

Flare's leg cramps, and she steps back from guile.

guile pushes away and coughs. He skips fast down the stairs past a few gray robes.

Flare limps after. The mumble of the mind trust then the mummble becomse a mental voice.

Love purrs then sees to Flare. >You keep Guile alive and working. You promise him anything.<

A gray suits walks up the stairs.

Flare leans against a wall. She exhales a spread sleep that closes her eyes. She looks down the stairs and follows Guile.
Guile steps fast down the stairs and jostles into the Gray Commona area and the gray crowd. He put hand to throat and sees thoguht to Flare. >You want to kill me.<

Flare sees to Guile, but as the words form the spread and her thoughts see a vibration of rage and pain. She stands with back against the wall.
Guile walks to the sand cleaners. His mind calms and sooths awake and he sees for Flare and all the hive. >Money. I need more money. I need better room. I want you to give me more money and a better room.<

The Mind Trust laughts. The laughs sound through Guile's mind and Flare's mind.

Flare smiles and yawns. She raises slumped shoulders and walks down the stairs.

Love sees to Flare, >You convince Guile to help the Mind Trust. You want to remain connected. You want to advance in trust. Trust beings with expandig the trust.<

Flare pushes from the stairs into the jostling gray suit walking to and from thte steps, waiting in line for the trash holes, waiting in line for trays for food. She pushes through and follows the red hued and thicckening wood smoke. Flare thinks their mind trust of stink.

Guile feels the smell seep into his thoughts of open space. he focuses on the smell andmentally inhales.

the stinky mind trust form in mind. guile sees to the Trust. >Don't ask. If you want to work with. We get paid.<

Flare feels the trust as a vibratoin sound and grow through mind. She finds a stream through the dark and toward the furnances and the heat. She sees through the stink. >Guile, if you want to live then help. We can win. We can leave.<

Guile's steps slows. >Leave. No leaving. Be here for ever. Pay on cube. Metal money what last. May try to succeed at doing something. YikTORitSuLe would want to know about the Mind trust harming warriors. YikTORitSuLe will listen.<

Flare stesp past a few gray suits watching two illusion warrrios in white sheet punching the other. She laughts. The laught flows through her sit to William. The laughter waken Flare's mind to see,  >You will be killed and thrown in the furnace. You believe YikTORitSuLe isn't playing our same game? you really believe YikTORitSuLe is looking out for the Gray union. You are ignorant.<

Love sees to Flare's mind. >You kill the short fat being if it doesn't oby.<

Guile sees the thought through the Stinky Mind Trust. He sees to love. >Your Mind Trust student come see. Sites are mind.< the site ends with a loud purr. Guile clears the site. Guile sees not site, but the sight before the steps.

He walks through the lines. He gets naked for the sand pour then dusts off before putting on Gray Suit.

He is pushed and pulled

Guile stumbles.

Flare pulls him from the exit.

A few gray suits glance over.

Guile swats hands and arms.

Flare pulls Guile into the darkness as Guile shakes and swats hands hitting face. ,,You die if you don't listen.''

Guile pushes away from flare and hits her face. He mouthg breathes with sprays of spit. He pushes away and falls to ground.

Flare stands says, ,,Love wants you dead.''

Guile rolls to back and looks-up. ,,Love kills when love is bored. Love kill later.''

,,I have your Heart Dagger,'' says Flare. She steps back and grabs the hilt.

Guiles stops and swings a back fist behind adn stumbles to a stand.

Flare steps back and pulls Heart Dagger from folder under baggy gray suit. ,,You want your dagger? YOu want your friends? You want to know what happened to Myst?'' Flare sees the smell of the gray blob beings.

Guile feels the smell, sees through the Smelly Mind Trust pain to spine as he steps away from Flare.

Guile's heart begins the thump.

Flare feels the thump as she feels the pain flow from mind to spine. Her hand around hilt opens, and dagger falls.

As the dagger falls, Flare sees, >You want to leave?< Flare feels pokes of striking pain shoot through arms.

Guile steps and leaps for the dagger, slides over the roungh glass floor.  

Glass floor guts arms and hands as Guile's hands grab the dagger.

Flare steps back and pulls both daggers from belt. She stretches back and feels a gust to blow away the smell. ,,I'll kill you if you move at me, Guile.''

Guile grabs the Heart dagger and scamps away from Flare and to the dim of dark away form a glowing globe.

Clicking and clacking is heard.

Flare looks back and steps away from Guile.

,,Love,'' says Guile. He wipes strans of sweat stuck hair from forehead. ''Love your ruler

,,No,'' says Flare. ''They are grays walkign this way for the sand bath.''

Guile fumble with gray suit pocket and pust the heart dagger inside. ,,Leaving.''

Flare steps. Her beating heard slows. Sleep spreads through Flar as she yawns away sleep. She steps back. ,,We can leave?''

Guild grips Heart Daggler hilt in pocket and steps. He raises a fist and shakes and grunts. ,,How?''

Flare steps to Guile and past Guile toward the sand bathes. ,,We walk and see.'' Flare thinks of the smell of gray beasts, the musk rot.''

Guile grunts and snorts. He raises arms. ,,FIGHT.''

Flare steps back. Guile slouches and lets arms hang. ,,Talk. Can't think.'' He points to head.

Flare slows steps with Guile. >Guile, stops,< sees Flare.

Guile shakes head. ,,Clean. Eat. Work.''  Guile snorts. Flare steps one step away from Flare and walks. She sees to Loave through the Mind Trust. >Love, I see no thoughts to Guile thorugh our trust.<

Love's purr calms and spreads through Flare. >Gulie's mind is in fected from the thoughts of the fight and the creatures he has seen through to end the fight.<

Flare sees, >Guile must work.<

Guile swings arm and walks hunched. He spins, stabs with dagger and falls onto a pillow. 

The knife hits ground and slides.

The clicking and clack snaps near.

Two silhouettes walk to show their gray suits

Flare steps over guile, steps on hand, grabs Heart Dagger and slides Heart Dagger between folds of gray suit.

The two silhouettes become a human and dwarf gray suits. Both are short and stalky. The dwarfs beard is longer than the humans. Both look at Flare and Guile.

Guile grabs from Flare, grunts, shouts, ,,HEART DAGGER.''

The two grays peer at Guile and Flare.

Flare walks from Guile. She sees the smell of the stench and sees to the Mind Trust. >Guile's lost.<

Love sees to Flare. >His mind is split.<

>I or you unsplit it,< says Flare as she steps into the darkness.

Love purrs. >You have the mind trust. You leave me alone. You are on your own.< Love purrs.

The purr vibrates the Mind Trust of love like a sphere of feeling a vibration that shakes the felt smooth sphere of the mindtrust.

The mind trust shakes in Flare's mind and spreads a tickle as Mind Trust sphere shakes away the whispers and shapes flowing through Flare.

Flare stares as the two gray's walk to the dark with silhouettes head looking back. Flare sees the shadows extend. She grabs Guile. ,,We will leave?'' She tosses the heart dagger.

The heart dagger rolls and rests before Guile.

Guile kneels and clenche the dagger hilt. ,,Where we go?'' Guile raise arms to a fist and one hand pounds chest. ''GO! GO!'' he shouts.

Flare thinks of the Stinky Mind Trust. She steps back.

Guile stares and grips his dagger. ,,BACK!''

Flare steps back, says, ,,Back, Guile. We need to get back, Guile, so we can leave here. We can leave.''

Guile sniffs and rubs nose with hand holding knife. He grunts and stairs. 

A few more silhouettes walk to the light fo the glowing dome. 

,,We go,'' says Flare. She looks into the darkness and shakes. 

Gulie stares as Flare stares wide a Guile.

,,WE go now. To my room to get our flask and leave this place like you have wanted,'' says Flare.

Giule sniffes and slaps chest. ,,Fight.'' He spins in a circle, stumbles falls. 

Flare falls on top and grabs the Heart blade and runs.  She runs past a group of silhouettes and looks back.

Guile rolls, grunts and follows.

They runs acrooss the light and dard to the far stairs by the dinning area.  

Guile sniffs and taps chest with fist and hunges. ,,FOOD,'' Guile says louder than the chatter and click and clack of the food line.  Guile pushes into the food line and stands.

A gnome and human gray suit sneer at Guile and step back. 

The chatter, click and clack quiet. The quiet spreads. The stares begin to look at the silence.

Flare shouts, ,,WE WORK GRAY SUIT!' She steps to Guile.

Guile shutters and looks at Flare. 

Flare points to stairs. ,,WORK! IS! UP!''

Guile nods and steps before Flare and walks to stairs and from the silence. 

Click and clacks echo from grays walks down the stairs.

Guile pushes past with a grunt as Flare and Guile jostle to the stairs. ,,WORK!'' shouts Guile. The shout echoes.

A few people laugh. A few people say, ,,WORK!''

,,Work,'' grunts Guile. He looks back and snorts. 

Flare peers and pushes Guile. ,,Work.'' 

Guile nods and grunts.

They walk the stairs. 

Flare yawns when they walk the access halls. Her step slows and feet slide.

Guile walks the middle of the hall hunched and looking side to side. He peers at gray suits relaxing on boxes. He sniffs grays talking near door. He pounds chest and shouts. ,,WORK!''

The work ehoes along the halls and the path to the lift down to Warriors Waiting. 

A few grays crouched against wall and heads on elbows lift heads.

Guile walks close to them and stares them down as he passes. He holds the Heart Dagger close to chest.

Flare says, ,,Work. Now. Hall.'' 

Gulie nods. ,,Work.'' He slaps had to chest.

Flare leads to the lift. They stand around some grays.

She thinks of the Stinky Mind Trust and mentally shouts a sniff for the smell in Guile's mind.

Guile's mind smells of gray rot and beef fat. 

Flare mental inhales. The beef fat fumes spread and fill body then empty leaving hunger and dark.

Flare wakes!

A gray bumps Flare. Many grays step from the lift to the working floor.

Flare blinks to the lights. 

Guile sniffs and burbs. ,,Work.'' Giule pulls on a whiskers.

Flare stares at wiskers near Guile's nose. 

Fur hangs around Guile's face and hands. 

Guile walks hunched sniffing and peering as the grays pass.

Groups of grays walk the halls. The walk the small halls with buckets. They walk into warriors waiting with bags. They work.

Guile leads Flare into Warriors waiting and work.

Flare inhales, yawns and stretches neck for the rush of awake.

They work warriors waiting. Guile scurries from box to box and stuffs bag after bag of sweat and blood covered towels. Flare follows and steps slow picking-up a few of the towels left behind Guile. Guile works and grunts and hits chest grabbing the Heart Dagger in his gray suit pocket. Hairs along neck and jaw creat a rough shadow. Posture hunches and some times hit the ground. Nose sniffs near warriors.

Warriors grunt and huff at Guile. The peer at Flare.

Flare stretches neck and works to wake. She stares long and doesn't see Guile grow the faces hair. Flare notices the change in Guile but he amount of work.

Guile works and works and sometimes runs to and from a box to fill another bag before Flare holds one.

Flare some times stands and stares aor pauses between stuffing beyond the dirt smear glass floor; the grunts and clicks, the farts and burps and sneers.

Some one SHOUTS, ''YOU LICK DICK?''

A huge human with muscles more than Spear. The human grabs Flare's stare head and pushes toward his crotch. ''Got tits, so suck my dick.''

Warriors around laught. Grays stare and work.

Guile rushes on all fours and leaps between Flare's face and the large human's crotch.

Flare falls, and the large human swats guantlet fist.

Guile ducks guantlet fist, grabs Flare and scurries away.

The human warrior roars. ,,I'M NOT DONE!'' and laughs, says to all. ''These little grays are cute.''

Warriors laugh behind Guile and Flare.

Guild pulls as Flare rolls stand and walks, yanks arm from Guile grasp.

Flare stesp toward teh large human warrior and slides hand into gray suit, grabs dagger hilt

YikTORitSuLe says louder than the talk and clack of the room, ,,GRAY.''

A few warriors and many grays look at YikTORitSuLe.

Guile surries to YikTORitSuLe using only two legs. 

Flare stands and stares at the large human warrior wearing only a lion cloths.

The human warrior laughs. ,,GRAY. SUCK DICK!''

Orcs, dwarves, humans and an id laugh as they sit and lay naked around the pool in the center.

Flare stands and sighs. Her tired shoudlers shrug and pull down the rage.

YikTORitSuLe clicks, ,,FL ARE QI.''

Flare steps with Guile to YikTORitSuLe.

YikTORitSuLe points to the hall. ,,Clean.'' He folds arms and looks through and aroudn Warriors Waiting and walks off.

Flare says, ,,Work.'' She walks to the funnel tunnel to the dome and the pit.

Guile follows to the funnel tunnel to the pit.


They work in the portal to the dome and pit. Guile mobs holding on to stick with arm and curring around. Flare carres buckets keeping feet moving to help keep eyes op
ne. 

Guile's body shapes as he works. Guile's wirsts, elbows and shoulders pop, lock and extend slowly stretching skin and arms. Guile's legs shift and lock Guile's hunch nearly like a rat. Guile's body steps and scampers over the blood covered floor mopping and slopping the blood from floor to bucket.

Flare carries buckets of blood and water to and from moving body awake. Her mind stares to sleep. Her mind feels the stares from the large human in warriors waitng. Her body steps and pumps against other grays that she stares beyond until JikKlokUikYk says, ''Flare.''

Flare blinks and looks around. 

Guile stands near Flare.

JikKlokUikYk stands before Flare. His lips click. ,,Done. Clean bleechers.''

Flare stares and yawns. She flicks fingers dripping with ssweat, water and a bit fo blood. 

Blood stains grays suit. 

Light blood foot prints lead along the halls to the lift and way under the bleechers

Guile walks on legs and partly on arms and legs to the bleechers. He grabs a few bags near the end of the tuneel and thros them over neck and under arm then scurries under the bleechers with Flare following.

Flare yawans and stretches. She walks a few steps with eyes closed until foot snags on clumped pall of cany sticking wrapers and fallen root skins over the floor.

Guile walks on amrms and legs. Both arms and legs hold the bag open and put trash in bags. 

For every one bag Flare packs, Guile packs two.

Gril smiles and throws open arms. ,,FLARE. FAT GUILE WORK LIKE ANIMAL!'''

Guile squeals and snifs, works. He scurries and runs. The hair on face and neck grow. The whiskers aorund nose do grow.

They work under the bleechers.

Guile walks on all fours dhring the dumpoing of the last sack. 

Flare stumbles, and head nods as she tries to stretch and stare herself awake.

When Gril smiles and shouts, ,,GUILE WORKER BEST!'' and walks away, Flare steps and leans against the wall with yawn. 

She doens't move until five other grays enter to clean; the crowds on bleechers clear; and Guile lays near her. 

Guile's whiskers grow.

A gray hugoblins points at Guile and peers down.

Flare pushes the gray away, ,,WORK!'' 

The gray shakes and stares. 

Flare points. ,,WORK!''

Guile scurries away.

The gray looks away, opens back and stuffs trash inside

She leads through a zombie like walk the pair through the serive paths down the stairs. 

Guile runs on all fours and in circles through the halls. 

Grays look and stair. A few bend close to peer and see the whiskers and hair.

Whiskers sprout around nose and furs pushes from body. 
Grays mumble as they walk the top service hall leading to the stairs down. When they get to the stairs, a couple of grays follow both Guile and Flare.

(Flare does something to hide and help let Guile lead.)

Flare sees the Stinky Mind Trust and lays on the floor. Her stench mind spreads and flows to dark.

Dark becomes light.

Through the light, a large rat runs next to another large rat as Flare runs along. Thousands of rats follow their run over the desert through a jungle and to a city with a stone and wood buildings that rise to the sky.

Guile dreams of running through halls and around grays as a rat. He feels the smells of rot fill body with bliss. He smells fear and hears the steps of people.

Guile wakes and sees Flare through throb and heart pump pumping head.

Flare sleeps on floor next to Guile's bed. Her hands fidget.

Guile stares through hued haze at the illuminated glass walls and glass bed and glass sink and glass floor. He rub a face and stubble around face. His hands clench a first. He stares then closes his eye and lays aon back. He smells the Stinky Mind Trust. He feels cold through Flare's mind.

Flashes of rat images run through the stinky trust.

Guile sits on bed. He touches nose and face. He presses his pudgy nose. ,,Flare.'' He lowers toe and nudges Flare hand.

Flare grabs Guile's foot, rolls, pull Guile from bed, stands.

Guile falls and hits head on glass. Kicks foot from Flare.

Flare stands and pulls dagger fro mgray suits. She blinks.

Guile sits-up rubbing head, ,,A rat?''

Flare stares and lowers dagger. ,,You became a rat yesterday. Had lost your mind too.''

Guile leans against bed. ,,Head hurts.'' He smacks lips. ''Thirsty.'' He looks at Flare. ''Alive. Didn't get caught. Love see to you new target.''

Flare put dagger into folds of gray suit. ,,Love ended the mind trust. It's gone.''

Guile snorts. His arm itches, and he scratches. ,,Gone. Never gone. You don't have connect. It reads mind. It's there.'' He stands and pulls at the gray suit.

The gray suit front is stained with root rot, blood, sweat, dirt, and a few bits of parchment.

,,A rat,'' says Flare. ''I dream of rats.''

Guile sniffs. ,,Dream of me.'' He pulls off gray suit and unbotton's Branching armor. ''What do we do?''

Flare steps by door. ,,We work.'' She glances at Guile. ''Or we can find Branching?''Guile looks at Flare and smiles. ,,The Mind Trust will follow. Go to branching alone.''

,,Mind Trust not in your mind,'' says Flare.

Guile rub arm and cools the itch. ,,Yes. Think it away if want. Feel it now.'' After the itch cools a burn through the stomach flows around Guile's stomach.

,,I don't,'' says Flare.

Guile buttons the branching armor then gray suit and shakes them to place. ,,You do too many things.'' He steps to door and feels the burn in stomach bounce. The burn burns away to hollow.

Flare opens door and steps to halls. ,,It is late. We are late.''

No being stands in hall. No sounds echo along the hall.

Guile fusses with button near collar. ,,We can escape now?''

Flare glance back and behind. ,,Quiet the talk and silence the thought.''

Guile looks at Flare.

They stare.

Guile says, ,,Work. need food.''

,,We should see,'' Love steps along hall toward stairs.

,,See stink trust,'' see sGuile.

Both feel and see the smell of the gray blob beasts of Goblin Port. A stinky Mind Trust is formed as the walk the hall.

The hall ends with the door to the stairs.

Grays walk-up the stairs with a few walking down. Bits of dust fall from their bodys. A few hold legs of lamb and eat as they walk-up.

Flare clicks and clacks.

A hunched hobgoblin clicks and clacks without looking over and clicks and clacks.

,,Work time,'' says Flare

Guile sees to Flare through the stinky trust. <We need to leave or we will be slaves for ever.>

Flare steps with the up ward flow of the grays. 

Guile follows and sees, >How long was I rat?<

They walk the stairs up.

Flare sees, >You complained about needing to sleep. I wanted to work for all are suspecious. We left for food, work and sand bath. You made me tired through the trust. I end the trust, and you went mad. You created a scene through the stairs and the gray common area. There was a fight between you and It near the sand showers. It was during this fight I seen with Love. Love seen to me that she was unable to connect to your split mind. I convinced you we needed to orc. You were acting like an barabrain then began to become a big rat.<

Guile sees, >See me as rat?<

Flare pauses step. >No. No one seemed to notice. Gril was suspecious only because you work more than you ever have. I assume because of being a rat and more...<

>Less fat,<  see Guile.

>Agile,< sees Flare. >|We returned. We sleep. And now we work. The Mind Trust of Love is gone.<

Guile sees, >The trust is in your mind. It is in our mind. Our trust is seen by Love.<

Flare glances back and bumps into a dwarf gray pushing way down the stairs. 

Guile sees, >Have seen the bearded human. One with mind.<

>No. I have seen nothing. I have felt nothing. The hum of Love's mind trust is not felt. if they are gone they hide.<

Guile sniff. >We leave. Don't want to work this. We can find away.<

>You want to leave, but if the Mind Trust sees our thought through we have our Mind Trust, so we must assume that any plan we have will be thought. It will be used and see and prevent us from leaving.<

>Yes.< 

>We must assume the Mind Trust sees these thoughts. We must be carful what we think,< sees Flare.

>See in mind when a rat?<

>No,< sees Flare.

The step from on staircase to another following a line fo gray suits. A few gray suits walk through the main entrance of the building. 

Gladiator gleeming with seat and polished armor stand around people who stare and point. 

Flare and Guile step to the stairs. 

Guile sees, >We see what we need. We find away. We keep plans apart. WE make plans in own mind. Hide thoughts with the smell and action. Make thins confusing. Talking can help confuse. Most talk thought can be heard by ears but are beyond the thought seen in mind. In mind usually the thought beyond. We need to work and talk. Lookfor ways to escape and talk in room at night. They watch. The mind trust sees throughs. See these maybe.

The grays walk with Flare and Guile.

Guile feels his angle step sore and nose itch. He focuses on the itch. He sees into the feeling of the itch and focusing on the itch while mind begins to see with surface talk. <Leave during match. Leave after match. After match and work. After work to just leave. Can leave. Get cube and things. Food under bleechers. Bag taken and stored. Bags of food. Water. Need water. Where go. Not here...> as the thought is repeated and surface talk following the sore throb of ankle. The thoguht throbs to no thought and just feeling as Guile walks with Flare.

Flare leads the walk and hand arm by dagger. She sees inher mind the stinky trust and sends an echo shout that feels like Love's purr.

the purr of Flare itches instread of tickles and spreads over Flare as both Flare and Guile step to the top service tunnels.

The walk from the a group of grays walking the other way and clicking and clacking through the halls.

Flare says, ,,You friends may fight here soon.''

Guile glances at Flare. ,,The pack.''

Flare glances at Guile as they walk should to should along the along. ,,If they live.''

,,They kill you,'' says Guile. ''Spear. Ripe arms off.''

,,Spear's a rat,'' says Flare.

Guile focuses on pain in foot. ,,Then eat arms, too.''

Flare feels the smell of the gray blob stink.

A group of grays huddle around a hall. The click random then incycle an step to hall.

Flare and Guile let words fade and feet talk with the walk over the dirt smeared floor.

A few of the grays looks.

AS the clicks and clacks become crackle and pops, Guile says, ,,What of Minst, Or Myst.''

Flare looks over shoulder. ,,No thoughts...''

Guile pinches Flare. ,,Think of pain. Think with pain. Pain fades. No memory. No memory.''

,,The trust?''

,,The stinky trust. What of Minst. Or Myst.''

Flare pinches arm. ,,Myst is with pries of Tone. She sings with them. The sounds you hear during dark are the sound of prayers of Tone.''

Guile wrinkles brow and peers. ,,She free.''

Flare says in low tones, ,,As free as any religious.''

A shout of, ,,LIFT,'' echoes behind through hall with a clack of clicks.

A few grays walk from hall.

Guile and Flare walk to the lift, lower with the lift and walk from the lift to the bags in warriors waiting.

The pack bag full of sweaty towels. Hunger pains feel to eat the hanging skin from Guile's stomach. Flare feels a dull ache and focus upon the dull oak as she watches the soldiers stand as she sees the shadow soldiers and sees the special guards for the warriors.

They watch the guards in yellow and purple; red and black, pink and blue leather and chain mail. Guards hold small shield and small swords. Guards stand in pairs or tries. Four will enter the room and leave, but after entering form groups of pain.

Each guard watches the warrios and the grays. A few warriors will taunt the guards with a click or shout, but follow it with laughter.

Guards push around the grays and talk with the warriors. 

Then the guards shift leaves and another arrives.

Time shifts and the work the hall

They clean while they find pain to link their throughts to hide their minds. 

The portlad rise and lowers to darkness. A few warriors rise from the darkness to rise to the darkness. 

Flare and Guile clean the blood prints and smears. Flare feels the hunger and watches  the guards as she leaves and enters the funnel tunnel to the platform.

The guards glance at her as she enters an leaves. She sees a warriors watch Guile when he leaves the tunnel funnel.

In the tunnel funnel, Guile mops the floor and lets he mop slip and drop over the edge.

The mop falls into the darkness.

A soldier grabs Guile and pushes him against the wall.

Guile flops agains the wall.

Guile drops a mop into the dark.

A guard grabs Guile byt the gray sheet. The hugoblin clicks and clacks. 

Flare looks up from floor and mop and steps back.

The guard pushes Guile. ,,You get broom.''

A few grays near Warriors Waiting click and clack.

Guile shrugs. He steps near the edge of the hole. 

A half-giant crouche through the tunnel holding hunge hammar above the floor. A polar bear skin raps around waits. A huge steel breast plate covers head.

Guile stares at the lift.

The lift rises and the broom in on top.

Before the lift reaches the top, the half-giant step behing Guile, grabs Guile. and puts Guile behind. A deep voice booms. ,,YOU WANT TO HELP.'' It laughs deep and kicks the broom from platform.

Guile steps back and grabs broom. He mental shouts.

The shouts spreads pain through skull to spin.

Guile falls against wall.

JikKlokUikYk shouts, ,,FLARE...'' He steps along hall. ''Bleechers''

They work the bleechers. The pack and haul bags. They grab bits of root and bread adn eat. The gabs between the benches are peers through. The people spread. 

The crowd chants and stops. The food falls. The fights end. 

Gril says, ,,You work better Last LIght.''

Guile and Flare the trash and walk the halls fuming of sweat and rot.

Guile's ankle pumps pain and head feel hallow.

When the walk the upper service halls, Guile says. ,,Can we leave building?''

Flare yawns and bends head to stretch. ,,Yes. If you have the time then you can work.''

Guile sniffs. ,,What if late?''

,,Late for what, Guile?''

,,Late for work.''

Flare smiles the papers, ,,You are given a warning. After the frist warning you are fired if it happens again.''

,,That difficult to work here?'' says Guile.

Flare nods. ,,We live in a grand city in the desert. There are limited supplies, so unless you are part of an organization or know people to trust then you better find another.''

Guile feels the ankle pain and presses foot during step feeling pain shock. The shock blooms with the thought of the talk and fades with words. ,,Grays. A union. YikTORitSuLe, the leader. Who the boss. Who controls the Grays? Are there other grays? Are there reds.''

Flare nods. ,,There are unions from here to the edge of the desert and beyond. There are union of thieves politicians.''

That's putting too much egg in the putting

Guile sneezes. ,,Who rules grays?''

Flare rubs temple. ,,No one knows. The mind trust, Senator Ring. People of power. No union for the people. Most these grays are slaves brought in for work. A few I have seen leave and return as warriors or dead bodies only covered with their gray suit. If you leave here, and want to work some place else, you won't. You know too much, Guile.''

Guile snorts. ,,Nothing. Mind trust. Games. You be the enemy?''

Flare looks to the ground and say near a whisper as a group of grays step from hall. ,,We are all the enemy.''

They walk with grays down the stairs, to the hall.

Flare says, ''We sleep in same room.''

Guile glances at Flare. Flare stares back.

Guie nods, and they walk to Flare's room, shut the door.

Flare sits. 

Both feel the burn then the hollow of hunger. It becomes an ache. the achoe spreads seep.

Guile pull bit bread from pocke the size of a hand. From another pocket he pulls a piece of bread the size of a foot. He drops the bread the size of a hand on Flare's gray sheet over bed then bites the other piece of bread.

Flare grabs the bread and eats.

Guile steps to the glass chest of Flare, points at it. ,,Open. Want to keep my things.'' He pulls and shift his heart dagger unders chest. Guile chews and says, ,,The cube.'' Bits of bread spray. 

Flare swallows. She raches between chest and bed cube. ,,All goblin kindoms of the empire use the cube for money.'' She lifts a jug of water resting between the chest and bed. ''Beyond...'' She drinks.

The chest lid slowly opens.

Guile kneels.

Flare lowers the jug. ''Beyond empire gold...Metals, gems are usually used.''

,,How big is the empire?'' says Guile as he peeks through the chest and chest lid.

Flare drinks, swallows, gasps, ,,It's big. Pretty massive. Capital is beyond the edge of the desert and swams and the forest to the Rise. It's covers one end of a wide canyon to another. It's the next gate way from here.''

,,How is the desert a gate way?'' Guile grabs his wine flask, pack.

Flare chews and swallows, partly covers mouth. ,,They march the magic and most heave equiment across the desert in slave caravans. Large. About half the slave die.'' She drinks.

Guile sits against the wall with the carraffe, the heart dagger and pack all laying on the robe of reighn. He picks at the dirt under nails. He tosses the carrafe to Flare.

Flare catches it, drinks, says, ,,I first came here across the deset with 10,000 strong caravan. 5,000 where dwarven and elven, some human, slaves from the wars through the mountains to the rise.'' She drinks from flask. ''About half died. They were ate buy the warriors and goblins. The ones that made it through are grays or fight here. Ones were killed to eat and because the water was getting low.'' She drinks wine. ''Most are here in this city or some place else. All the supplies and war enginees were transported to the Set side of the desert to Goblins City.''

guile glances at Flare. ,,Teleporting?'' Guile open his pack

Flare nods. ,,I got work with Love being a guard for these pits. I teleported enmasse from one cavern to another. A few people didn't transport. One even got feet and ankles instone.'' She toses the carraf at Guile.
The carrafe hits the robe of Rieghn

Guile dumps pack over the robe of Rieghn. ,,You fight for Love in swamp.'' He grabs the wine carrafe and drinks.

,,I was hired before I left over the desert to fight in the swamps near the front. I was told we needed to hold the swamp from the enemy,'' says Flare. She looks beyond guile, the wall and everything.

Guile swallows and tosses carrafe at Love. ,,You fought against hugoblins of the swamp. People who lived there.

Love catches carafe. ,,I killed those who wanted to stop the empire, so I worked with John of the Goblinkin to become members of the resistence.'' She drinks wine.

,,Subversion,'' says Guile. ''This subversion.'' He grabs jewelled dagger and sniffs the robe of Reighn.

,,Everyhting with Love and Senator Ring is subversion.'' Flare pushes up on bed and lays against the wall, sips on wine.

,,When do we leave?'' Guile looks at flare.

Flare sips the wine and stare. ,,Leave.'' She exhales and closes eyes. ''Soon. Need to find a caravan. Might be able to find that with some connections.'' Her head hats against the wall.,,Get foot. Bags from the towels. Buy water pouches. You talk with people to find the way out.'' He looks up from robe. ''Can we teleport.''

Flare swaps wine sip. ,,Unless you have 10,000 units or a bag full of diamonds that you want some one to crush then yes. Else.'' She swallows. ''Else join the army and use the teleport chambers.

Guile pulls gold coins from branching pockets. Pulls apart cloth bangange, food paste of jan's, a couple daggers. He lifts a brown torn shirt. 

Flare looks at the ruckus. She ppers and sips from caraff. ,,You can still use the back. And that robe. It looks nice. Not good for desert walk.'''

,,No,'' says Guile. ''It reminds me of my friend.'' He looks at Flare. ''Kept me safe.''

Love nods sips and tosses the carrafe at Guile's bundle, then slaps her chest shut.

The carrafe rolls to Guile's sand stained feet.

Guile grabs the carrafe. ,,When do we leave?''

,,Not tomorrow,'' says Flare. ''We need food, water and a plan. We need to think of a game to see if the hivemind sees and watches.''

Guile smirks. ,,They do.''

Flare rollls to side. ,,We need to see if we can help Spear.''

,,Spear,'' says Guile. ''Still like him.'' He lifts eyebrows. ''Connected.''

Flare clicks and clacks.

The lights shining thorugh walls dims. The rooms dims to darkness.

Guile laughs, snorts then coughs. He grabs two of the daggers. He grabs an edge of the robe of Rieghn and rolls into corner peering at the dark outline of the door.

Flare snores, and Guile stares.

Guile shouts thorugh the mind and feels the echo ffrom Flare's. With the echo he finds the smell, forms the trust and flows into Flare's mind.

Flare's mind sees shapes of faces shift to tash falling from the bleechers. Flare stands at the center at the pile of faces. She stares into the darkness. And from the darkness, a large rat steps and sniffs. Its huge whiskers twitch. It walks through the dream dark then to Flare.

BRIGHT WHITE FLASHES.

Shock pains vibrates through Guile dream, head, mind.

He opens eyes to dark.

Flare and a sihloutte wrestle.

Flare clicks and clacks.

Light shines from wall.

A bearded human tall as Spear wrestles with Flare on the floor.

Guile lays on floor wrapped in robe bundle and stares the silhouette and Flare.

Flare punches the sihlouette.

The sihlouette puts hands around Flare's throat as Flare punches.

And Guile feel a purr in mind then sees Love's voice telepathically, >Guile, you remain in the corner. I control to puppet in gray.<

Guile stares...Flare kicks between the silhouettes legs.

The sihlouette's arms squeeze Flare's neck and presses her body against the bed.

Love purrs to Guile. >Guile, help kill flare, and you leave.<

Flare punches face of silhouette standing/leaning over her. Clicks gurgle from thoat.

Walls shine light.

Love purrs through Guile's mind. The purr vibrates from a darkness spreading through Giule's mind. >Guile, I will give you power in the hive mind.<

Flare and a bearded human fall to floor and roll toward Guile.

Guile squints and lays still under his Rope of Reign. >Don't trust.< He grips Heart Dagger.

Love sees, >You will leave. You will be undercontrol.< Flare purrs.

The purr sooths through Guile. The purr fillls Guile's hunger. It numbs ankle pain. It itches the scratches over sweat and sand covered body.

Guile stares at Flare and the Bearded Human.

Flare breaks the hold around neck and warps legs around waits of bearded humand and squeezes as Bearded Human slams forehead against Flare's nose and pulls a dagger from sheeth. 

Guile shouts from the site of the purring Mind Trust, feels Love's purr connect and sees, >Why trust.< He lays still.

,,GUILE!'' shouts Flare. ''Stab...This...''

The bearded human grabs Flare's skull and slams it against the glass floor and rights body to straddle Flare.

Flare grabs the breaded man's hand that stabs dagger.

The dagger hangs above Flare's throat.

,,Guile,'' says flare through taut body. 

Love sees to Guile, >Guile, kill,< the word kill purrs to a sphere of thought of minds whisper, >You kill it for us.< Then only Love sees, >We need you to leave.<

,,GUILE!'' shouts love. She twists waist and rolls to side.

The bearded human falls to side and holds dagger near tip of Flare's neck.

Guild stares as the purr of Love begins to fade from feeling. Guile's itching, aches and hunger spread.

Love sees, >You kill Flare Guile and be the leader to lead the pack across the desert.<

Flare twists and rolls to straddle on top of the bearded human. 

The breaded man thrust the dagger at Flare's neck.

And Flare grabs the writs of hand holding dagger.

In a span of thought the site are see between Guile and Love, >When leave?< sees Guile. >Soon with pack,< sees Love. >Drop knife if you control.<

The breaded man tosses the knife at Guile.

The knife slides over the floor.

The bearded man wraps around Flare and bites her neck. 

Guile grabs the knife

Love sees, >Guile, kill to be free.<

Flare shouts and pounds fists on breaded humans's head until she grabs bread and pulls.

>|Guile, kill.<

Head of Beard Man whips back. Teeth clench Flare's flesh.

>|Guile kill<

Flesh pulls from Flare's neck.

She straddles the bearded human and slams his head against the floor.

>Guile, kill for power.<

Purr spreads pleasure through body.

,,GUILE,'' shouts Flare. Blood flows over neck. 

Guile grabs dagger and stabs Flare back.

Flare swing back fist. Fist hits Guile shoulder. Shouts wordless noise.

Guile holds on to the dagger as body falls.

Flare pushes to a stands. One arm reaching for the dagger. ,,I KILL-''

Guile holds on to the dagger and shakes hands and hilt.

The bearded human grabs a dagger from robe pocket  and stabs Flare in the chest.

Guile falls to the gronds as the dagger slips out of Flare's back.

Flare sits still on the bearded human.

Guile stands and stabs Flare's back as the breaded human twists a dagger into her chest.

With the next stab, Guile feels a purr spread through body the a voice sooth. >|Guile, you kill the bearded human then run to room. You leave the knife.<

Flare's body falls to the side. 

The bearded human lays on back and stares at the ceiling. His shallow breathe raises chest.

Guile grabs his heart dagger and stabs the breaded man in the heart, pulls heart dagger out. He tosses it on the robe of reighn then tosses pack, daggers, carrafe cube onto the robe of Rieghn. 

Blood spreards. Sweat drips. Light shines from the walls.

Guile bundles the Robe of Reighn, and Guile runs through do and along dark hall.

A few lights shine through glass walls. Distant clicking and clacking echo talk through hall.

Guile runs, looks down. 

The warm blood foot prints radiate along hte floor through the dark.





