Spear runs through falling snow and by snow covered trees and brush over the snow covered ground.

An eagle above cries to the morning light. 

Spear feels his muscles shift and slide and shape as he runs. Paws pound snow as the paw prints morph to foot prints. The fur receeds to hair. The jaws recesses and pops into place for a face of a human. Finger and toe nails shift and slide to skin. 

Cold wind blows over Spear's skins and naked feet sink into the snow.

Sun shine illumincates the gray clouds to light. 

Large snow flakes fall slow and soft from the clouds to the ground.

Spears steps on flakes crunching a slight sound among the still of morning.

The eagle cries then dives and swoops from Spear's sight.

Two soldiers stand upon platforms nailed to tree. They kneel peering through the trees and snow with bow and arrow in hand.

Spear runs low against the ground near the trees past the archers.

A group of five diamond soldiers step slow through snow in an extend row. Each step in sycn. Their heads slowly pivot side to side. 

Spear ducks to an ear crawl and weaves betweeen trees and shrugs stepping through the snow fall past the line of soliders.

The eagle cries. The crie carries. Soldiers looks up. 

Spear runs through. His warm feet run cold. Chills shivers body. His fist clenches his hammers.

Threes flash past. 

Archers stand and look as Spear runs siliently past through the trees to the camp edge.

Soldiers stand with cross bows behind rock and wooden logs. They peer and aim arrow tips to the forest edge. Each small wall circles a collection of tents.

A group of soldiers approach Spear from the left as they fan out through the trees swating bushes and snow. They wear their winter furs of wolf and bear. The lead soldier begins to peer in Spear's direction.

The eagle above cries and circles the camp.

Spear climbs a tree near the tree parameter. His and and feet stick and pull on the truck careful not to distrub the snow cover limbs and twigs. He climbs near the tip and hugs the trees as the soldiers walk slow below.

The lead soldier of the group steps through the snow coverd tracks of Spear looking up with only with a glance as he passes.

Spear hugs tree and snow falls on body as on by one the line of soldiers pass swatting at trees, brush and snow.

,,HALT!'' hollers a soldier deep into the forest and too distant through the snow covered branches for Spear to see.

The line of soldiers stop and look into the forest. The leader of the line walks into the trees.

The eagle circling above screams and circles. 

The snow falls. 

Spear stares down and around looking for movement or soldiers. Spear waits and waits.

Then each soldiers raise staffs and begin looking at the snow below.

Spear peers below trying to see if his foot prints were snow covered. He peers, but sees only white of snow swatted from the ground.

The soldiers look over the ground stepping as if trying to be silent. One shouts, ,,Here.'' Then another shouts. "Another." ,,Stand where you find the print,'' says another.

One soldier near the forest edge runs from trees and to the clearing holding one arm up and another at side holding the staff. He holds one finger above head.

The other soldiers begin to circle the area around Spear's tree.

Cold seeps through Spear's hands feeling to freeze to the trees. He hugs and clenches and pulls then reaches with legs to a branch.

Snow chunks fall from limb.

The chunk of snow falls behind a soldier raising arm.

Spear steadies body on limb and looks through the branch and trees along the tree tops.

The soldier with hand with raised finger was past the soldiers walls. More hands and arms raise. The soldier lowers his hand shaking it side to side.

Soldiers standing and talking quiet and crouch behind the walls.

Spear holds.

The soldiers below begin to circle the snow as a large pavillion appears in the center of the clearing between the river and the tree clears. Three peaks rise as the pavillion spans as wide as a manor and as tall as house. Full plate armor soldiers stand before a wide opening.

Ten soldiers march fast step the the pavillion.

,,OVER HERE,'' holllers a wooden shield holding warrior below Spear.

The eagle above begins to circle above Spear letting out screams and cries.

Two, three, five, eight soldiers circle Spear's tree and look up pointing to the trees with short sword tips. One with a bronze shield hollers. ,,Surrender! And we will give you fair Judgement!''

Spear stands on branch and stared down. His cold bare feet melt the branch's snow. He grips warhammer and branch above.  He swings war hammers. He kicks thick tree branch.

Warhammer slams againt the trunk of tree. Tree branch shakes and shakes branches.

Snow falls and shakes and white's out the area.

Spear hits tree trunk.

An arrow sticks into to limb near Spear. Another arrow appears for blink of eye time from the snow mist falling.

Spear leaps. He reaches and grabs a branch.

The branch breaks.

Spear falls and lands on branch.

Another arrow flies up past Spear.

He stands on limb and grabs another and then another and then another as bare feet grip and skip over tree limb.

The limb bend then power. A crack is hears.

Spear loops his war hammer and leaps and grabs limb of other trees and swings then sways and falls into other limbs.

Snow falls.

People shout. Arrows shoot.

spear climbs limbs. He hear more soldiers running from the camp around river into the forest along the clearing parameter.

The soldiers form a parameter around the pavillion. The full plate armored warriors step inside the cloth door of the pavillion.

Inside the pavillion, before Spear climbed the tree, Don opened the hangining blankets and said, ,,Minst!'' ...

Minst lifts head, blinks. He stares at Don.

Don wears a bright white robe contrasting his gray hair and matching his pale skin wrikingled in even folds over face. ,,Spear.''

,,Spear?'' says Minst sitting up and touching finger tips to spell book spin. ''Spear.''

,,He's running through the forest,'' says Don.

,,Is it morning?'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Don.

Kirra says with eyes still closed and breath sounding as if sleeping. ,,How do you know it's Spear?''

,,Fineal,'' says Don. ''An eagle friend flew...''

,,The familiar?!" says Minst.

,,A friend,'' says Don. ''A friend who was watching your friend last night. A friend who has seen yours dance with the creatures of the canyon. A friend who flies above him now running toward the camp.''

,,Spear?'' says William.

,,Yes,'' says Jan as she pushes back the algae robe revealing soft curves of dirt spotted skin like nature's blush and base.

Myst pushes away her drum with the top hittiing william's hammer. ,,Where is Spear?''

,,Coming this way if a patrol doesn't find Spear before he reaches the camp,'' says Don.

,,Spear,'' says William. He stands feeling lines of pain etched in arms and legs along the seams of the armor. His face is a relief of a rose. His muscles stetch to pain to relief. He grabs his scabbard and pack and hammar. 

,,Yes,'' says Don. ''Come.'' Don steps thorugh the blanket  into a dim light, smoke and baby cries.

Kirra sheaths dagger. stands and sheaths short sword then grabs quiver, back, bow.

Jan's coat, a dark brown as she lays, shed flakes of brown algea and shine an orange illuminating the dim light  to a bright orange hue. 

Myst squints, and blinks, and hears a the song of her dreams fade with thumps. Her body beats the beath and mind finds the flutes now fading with the trumpet of Dante's horn as images of calm in bed with Dante fade. She stands with pack slumped from shoulders and muscles aching from lifting and holding and blinding badages.

,,Are you okay,'' says William quick. He glances at Myst then tighten's strap on gauntlet and hip place.

Myst looks at the relief of the rose on  William's face and smiles. ,,Yes.''

William grins and steps through the blanket while pulling tight should plate strop.

Old men and women stand and eat. They hold bowls and plates before childs. They walk around with babies over shoulder and bodies bouncing softly. They glance at William, Minst, Kirra, Jan and Myst walk past. Their sunken eyes stare through sockets down at the dirt and food covered ground below.

The smell of feces and pee plum then spread and seep into nose and breath with the fume of salted pork fast and burnt grain.

Cries, talking, praying and a distand singing plays with the trumpet and drums playing the pace in Myst's mind. She presses sight and lets the song guid her through the women, men, boys, girls sitting and sleep, standing and walking.

The song presses from her mind and plays the cries to silence and the mummbling worries and fears to talk of survival and hope. The song plays with a shout of anger to be a shout for the song.

Myst's lips humm the peaks and valleys of the trumpet like C string of a violine. Her fingers tap the top of drum soft sending soft pulses through the people.

The pulses push warth through William and over the sore muscles and lines creasing skin. The humm seeps into thoughts waking Kirra to the life and bring a bright look through the rage of assult. The pulses plays with the algea making ripples of bright yellows splash and ripple over cloak. The sound clears the thoughts of relief images and symbol shapes seeking order and place in Minst's waking mind. 

Heads ofpeople stare from rug covered ground to the eyes and faces of others. Tears drips and dry. And talk of doom and death becomes songs and stories of survival and triumph.

People nod and wave at William, Kirra, Jan, Minst and Myst.

Don stands between soldiers holding steel sheild and chain coifs with chainmail shrit and pants over white leather padding. Dante and Crete stand before Don. Dante and Crete stand side by side at attention facking the cloth part in the pavillion. The table, pots, pans, bowls, plates and utilnes stacked to side in an ordered boxed shape.

People stand a parameter around Don, Grete, Dantes and six warriors.

William says, ,,Pardon,'' from person's head to person's head as he parts a path to Don, Grete and Dante. He stumbles from the parameter of pressin people. "Don,'' he says.

Dante holds hand before mouth and nods at Don.

Don holds clenched hands against the side of his hips. He's eyes wide and lids unblinking.

The song of Myst flows to silence inside the parameter though she still humm and sing. The song in mind jumps, skips and becomes a series of echoes. The echoes skip thought with a scretch then a distant scream. Myst open eyes to see Don.

Don's arms fall to sides and his eyes open with  a slow exhales then says. ,,We wait.''

,,For what?'' says Minst.

,,The shift,'' says Don looking back.

,,From what plane,'' says Minst stepping close to Don trying to peer at the hanging cloth before the entrance.

,,The eatheral plane,'' says Don.

The echo in Mysts mind bounces and hits Myst filling her head with a discourse of drums, humming and horns. She squints
and rubs temples.

,,The weave is being pulled then it snaps back,'' Don says with snap of the fingers. He puts hand on the back of Myst. His shoulders slump as he rubs her neck. He looks at Minst. ''Maybe we will return.'' He winks and smiles. He steps toward people parameter.

The parameter parts a trail.

Don stops, says toward Dante. ,,The flash. Then we will have returned.'' He mumbles while walk way. ''I need to lay down. Ethereal Plane makes me dizzy, tired...''

People step away from the entrance and turn heads away. Some stare with mouth opens. Other chew and yawn. No one talkes.

Dante stares stand nearest to fabric door before Dante and Grete then ten soldiers.

Kirra sees Wilber stand by pots and pans with laddle in hand starring at the chain mail and white hide stand behind Dante.

William step with warriors he holds a war hammar with gauntlet covered hand. His long sword hangs at angle along back like Spear's bastard sword. The armor becomes light and loose. The lines across skin smooth and the aches go away with the pumping heats. William stands with the warriors and stairs forword.

Minst watche waves and shapes etch around the body frames and pots and pans and draw circles upon circles upon circles alick looking down at a tonrando. The magic tornado relief swirls around Dante then Crete and Han then then through the people until the tornado surrounds all.

A flash covers. Red, blue, yellow, purple swirl then separate. 

Jan presses eyelids tight letting the colors fade to black. She feels her robe glow close and warm and dry and hold her body. She feels her staff fill with power then feels the empty echo become hole as black surrounds and breeze blows throw the two cloth doors.

Myst hears the drumming song once hummed be sung back from a few people starring and from Reighn. She grabs her star hanging warm upon chest. 

A soft glow shines between Myst's fingers.

The colors fade from sight and a soft breeze blows over Kirra spreading calm through her tense body feeling the squeeze of being away from the plane of life.

Kirra grabs bow with an arrow clasped between fingers of hand holding bow. She stares foward at the backs of Create, Han and Dante, but see beyond and between the flaps.

The cold wind gusts pushing back the flaps of the two cloth doors of the pavilion. Snow swirls and spreads with puffs over bodies and faces.

Two fullplated soldiers step into the tent with metal meching and walking to stand on the side of Dante.

,,There is one trapped in the trees. We have what ever it is controlled in the trees.'' speaks a voice like from a cave through the great helm. '' All other activity calm and focused on rebuilding.''

Dante nods. ,,How are defesnse preparations?''

,,Wood and rock barriars are errected. Patrols are cycling. We are sending the scouts to Rat Trail as ordered.'' says the other fullplate warrior.

,,The Rat Trail,'' says Minst.

Dante says, ,,Your report is heard and I think you for the information." He glances from the full plated warriors. ''Please cycle the families out until the sun reaches its zenith. Then begin to return to the eatheral plane."

The armored warriors part.

Screams and shouts are hear from beyond the cloth door.

Dante steps then stops. ,,Please hold until we have assest and have control of the situation.'' He then steps from the tent followed by Grete, Han, the pack and the warriors.

Snow falls in huge flakes and swirl from trees and people piont and shout into a blizzard of snow chaos.

,,It's Spear,'' says William.

Spear leaps from tree to tree grabbing tip of branch. The branch bends and the tip breaks. Spear falls.

Branch, twigs and pine needles shake and sway and snap then hold Spear's body.

Soldiers running with shields leading and swords raise and ready to strike.

Spear grabs a hand full of pine needles and climbs, pulls, slips then falls with a poof and a thud into the snow.

Feet pack and kick and drag through snow then surround Spear.

A trumpet sounds a few beats then a steady calm exhale.

Dante lowers his trumpet.

Fineal screams a high cry as it circles above Spear and the camp.

The snow blizzard falling from the trees settles to a few flakes dancing in spirals to the ground.

The soldiers of the camp ease their stances. The soldiers in the forest stare and stand with positions of defense around Spear.

Spear feels his sword missing from back. He sees his pack is an arm reach away. His war hammar looped to belt. He lays still.

,,Spear,'' hears Spear.

,,William,'' says Spear to self.

The clouds begin to part as tips of swords begin to close space around Spear.

A full circle of twelver step through snow slow. And the trumpet toots and sings triumph and calm

The tips of swords lower and steps slow into the snow then stop and stand, stare.

Dante walks toward the forest's edge. Soldier's straighten sore and weighted backs as he walk past.  Archers focus and retrain their peer of an aim as he strides over the slick rock and sticky silt. His foot always fall sure and true.

William slips and steps and strides hiding the slight slips by stepping side to side, forward and at angle forth stepping on spaces of silt. These short step. He sees the archers in the trees and hears Fineal scream and rise then dive.

,,Dante, is that Don's familair,'' says Minst.

William glances a peer at Minst. His nose flaires out with exhale.

Crete looks back a glare. 

Dante says with sure foot walking forth and lowering trumpet to side. ,,You need ask Don. It is after all his keep to watch and be  watched if it be his familier.''

,,It's the wizard's creature,'' says Kirra. She strides like walking on flat plane over the slick rock, snow and silt. ''If it were another they'd kill it then find its young and eat it.'' 

William glances at Kirra. His hard glare softens after feeling an arua of cool and course from Jan. 

Jan catches the glare, and her and William stare.

William nods. He and Jan look forward.

They walk to forest's edge.

Solders stand at defense starring from Spear and into the forests.

,,Spear,'' says William following pace of Dante. He stops walking and stands behind Dante like  a force hold him back.

Dante walks through the snow and stands near a man holding a steel shield and hide helmet as white as snow. ,,I thank thee for securing the parameter, Plalin.'' Dante's cool breath puffs through the cold.

Kirra walks past Dante and soldiers standing with swords drawn and pointed. The snow parts with feet.

Plalin raises sword and steps.

,,Yield,'' says Dante. ''She be a guest.''

Jan follows Kirra then William steps from the stand adn follows Kirra to Spear.

Minst and Myst stand a leap behind Dante.

Myst looks at Misnt and follows William.

Kirra stand by Spear and lowers a hand.

Fineal cries and criew then lands on tree top.

Minst watch and stares the bird flutter and land while sliding hand through folds of elven chain mail
and touches tip of spell book.

Final looks down and sees the spread over the snow.

Dante raises a fist and spreads it to a palm.

Soldiers lower shields and swords and fall into a line step through the forest looking to the ground.

Dante says, ,,This may be a friend, Plalin." He steps slow and short inhaling then slowly exhaling heat. ''Please lead. And continue your search.

Plalin nods and steps.

Spear grabs Kirra's hand and pulls up. 

,,Spear,'' says William. 

Spear and William embrace as Spear stands. 

Cold seeps from the skin of Spear to William.

,,You feel near a an ice, my friend,'' says William.

,,Blue,'' says Jan.

,,A being beyond,'' says Spear. Spear feels a sore pain spread from ribs and hold the clasp of side then looks at Dante stepping toward Spear. 

,,You and your people need to leave,'' says Spear.

,,We need to leave, my friend?'' says William.

The snow falls, the a cry of an eagle echoes, soldiers walk past crunching snow between the silence before Dante speaks.

,,For reasons I only have time to show, it isn't a possiblitly in the near future.'' Dante stands before Spear and by William.

Crete and Han spread from Dante and walk into the forst watching in the  wake of the departing soldiers.

,,And the pass?'' says Minst.

,,You will find no place for women and children,'' says Myst.

,,The mountian pass where you came  may be our only hope,'' says Dante. He stand and peers through the snow and between the trees.

Soldiers' louds steps guide eyes to their slow walk of swating sticks as brush and snow.

Snow flakes thin of dots and swirls with the wind.

,,Then your children will become target practice for mountain gaints,'' says Kirra.

,,Do you have any climbing equipement,'' says Minst.

Myst grabs and squeezes William's hand. William looks at Myst. They stare She glances at Dante they stares open eyes of sorrow to William.

William exhales, nods.

,,The pass,'' says Myst. ''It leads to a dead end. It is destroyed after we enraged two mountain giants.''

Dante stares off to the distant and watches people step through snow the looks back to Myst letting stare lead pivot. ,,Moutain giants?'' says Dante.

,,Many,'' says William.

Kirra peers at Willaim, says, ,,Let them be thrown from the cliffs,'' says Kirra. ''Less for Blue to kill.''

,,You may leave,'' says Dante.

,,Yes,'' says Kirra. She looks a jan and a gust of cold wind blows apart her hair. ''So may you.''

,,Quiet your voice,'' says Hans.

 Kirra grabs hits of knife and steps foward letting the crunch of snow and stare speak.

,,Han,'' says Dante. ''Kirra speaks the truth though diffcult to hear it may be.''

,,ENOUGH,'' says William. He steps between Kirra and Dante, between the pack and soldiers.

The soldiers stepping through the snow pause and look back.

Dante lift and open hand then lowers it and Soldiers step away as William continues to say, ''If my life remains in this canyon beyond two days time balance or no, I will be leaving. This banter is of little health. We need ideas to find the balance. WE need to find Blue. I need to find the cause of this goblin infeatation.''

Spear nods. ,,Blue.'' Spear looks at William. ''He's beyond  balance.'' Spear crouch and stabs hand into the snow."

,,What do you see? Where's Blue?" says Dante quick and fast before Spear stops talking.

Spear stares at Dante then looks at Kirra and William.

''I apologize,'' says Dante.

Spear stands lifting hammar to side.

William steps past Spear and toward the deeper forest. His voice castes loud abov the sound of the wind. ,,WE have decided helping these people is not only an honorable action, but also redemption  for my families name." He steps and face Spear making eye contact with Spear, but feeling the pull of shame want him to look away. ''The goblins. the illusionist. They be the reason these people were driven into the canyon.''

Spear nods.

,,I am with the pack,'' says Spear with a grin as a period.

William lifts and rests hand on Spear's shoulder. ,,Thank you, my friend.''

Spear nods. He looks from Kirra, to Jan, to Myst, to Minst. 

,,Where where you?'' says Minst.

Spear looks through the forest.

Snow flakes flutter and fall. The soldiers swatting at brush and snow disppear beyond the wall of trees. 

,,There,'' says Spear. He stares away for a second. ''There was a cave.''

,,Can you take us there?'' says Dante.

Spear looks at Dante and huffs. ,,I will lead the pack of the pack wants to go to the cave.'' Spear lifts his hammar and poinst head  at Dante. ''I don't take orders from you.''

Crete stops through snow kicking up a flurry. He raise sword. ,,You will have repect.''

Dante takes a step before path Crete. He looks at Myst then william. ,,Please, I fear we don't have time. I fear if we do not take actions soon we will not live for another day.''

Spear looks at Dante and then William. ,,If the pack wish to  go I can take." He lowers hammer. ''You may follow.''

Dante looks at Spear. ,,Please, with A Gods speed we need to find balance in the harmony of this canyon.''

,,It is important,'' says Myst. ''There are women and children who will suffer be it no action is taken. We must help Spear.''

Spear at Dante. ,,Food,'' says Spear. ''Food is needed. Then." He looks at Myst. ''Then we go.''

,,Thank you, Spear.'' Myst steps near Spear. ''Are you cold?''

,,No.'' Spear inhales deeps the exhales slow. He looks at William then through the tree tops and the the trees seeing puffs of snow blow to mist through the distant. 

Kirra hears the crunch of snow of soldiers behind the wall of trees. ,,They are loud.''

,,Food,'' says Dante. ''Please. Time is the life of many people. Kids and women.'' He looks at Spear then Myst. 

,,Then move,'' says Spear. He steps toward Dante and the camp.

Crete peers at Spear and Han walks near as Dante leads the pack between the trees and through snow. 

Fineal lets loose cry and flies high through the sky.

Dante, Crete, Han and the pack step from the forest and toward the large pavilion. A ring of soldiers stand spread over the stone and silt ground and around kids running in circles  and lines near the pavillion. Men and women dressed in hide pants and shirts stomp and stand while smoking pipes, drinking steaming tea and talking with puffs of white breath pillowing.

The tents, lean-toes, pavillions around the river surround with soldiers and men. The men carry pots from the tent town around the river to the large pavillion.

A trio of kids run laughing and pointing from the pavillion between the rock and tree barriars and pits toward the tents and lean-tos and pavillion by the river.

A man drops his pipe and runs with woman after the kids scooping them.

The kids laugh and cheer. Then one shouts and screams and they near the pavillion. 

The child's screams becomes the childs' screams as the kids in parents arms are walked into the tents. The scream raises and is mixed with laughter and cheering as more kids run from the flaps of the pavillion into the snow cold morning.

Men and women press thumbs into pipes and toss out cups. The rub hands and catch their breath with cupped palms as the being to guide and carry screaming and crying kids into the pavillion.

Fineal cries and circles above.

An eagle cry pierces the shouts of joy and cries of resistence to the sky above.

Fineal matches the pitch and tone of the eagle cry and dives in loops toward the ground.

Don steps from the weave of people entering and exiting the flaps of the pavillion.

,,That's the bird that followed me from the cave,'' says Spear. He says loud enough for Dante to hear. ''Follow the bird to the cave.''

Dante nods and steps at the edge of the area of kids, adults and soldiers.

,,I see you have found a stray,'' says Don. He looks to the sky and watches Fineal dive and spiral down, down, down...

Fineal lands as the pack watch it fold it's massive wings' span.

,,I see you have found you master, Don,'' says Dante.

Don smiles. ,,I have found her, yes.''

Fineal scretches and lets the sound flow to a near song.

Dom strokes Fineal wings. ,,We can shift soon. I would like many to get out.'' Don points to the huge pots of food being carried across the clearing. ''Food.''

,,Where's Golath? We need council before I leave to find the one call Blue." Dante looks from Don and nods a pair of soldiers running past

As he speaks Minst steps past Dante and near Don and Fineal. He peers at Fineal then reaches his hand out to bet this head.

Fineal snaps.

Kids laugh. Kids gather around the group and stare. They push each other closer to group then press away. Laughter and screams pull attention of parents.

Don says as Dante looks the kids and parents. ,,I do not believe Golath or Grete or Han will a prove you leaving us to go adventure as I find it subject to question.'' Don pets Fineal's wing then lifts arm up while letting loose a glass cracking shriek.

Fineal flaps, swoops and flies up and up and up...

''Golath is inside.'' Dante steps back. ''We will return.'' Dante hold and open palm toward the steaming pots being carried across the open field.  A pot is set by group of soldiers. ''The food.''

Dante turns and walks through the people to the pavillion opening. 

A rush of energy flows from the ground to Jan. ,,BLUE WILL ONLY CALL FOR YOU,'' says Jan loud.

Dante stops, looks at Jan, nods and follows a group of kids into the pavillion.

Spear, William, Minst, Myst, Jan and Kirra stand and watch the kids run, kids laugh, soldiers march, the snow fall, the wind blow, the flurry of flakes land and melt on naked skin.

The breeze gusts cold sending chills through bodies. Spear feels the chill and holds body from the shiver.

,,Where were you?'' says Minst.

Spear slaps palm and back. ,,Through through the woods into a cave.'' He looks at the steaming pots of food nearing. He sees the kids stop running and laughing and pushing to stop and look at the warm pots.

The people look at the food. They lower arms and hands and stare at the pots of food.

Spear takes off his back. ,,I think I ripped something.'' He opens the pack and grabs dried cave sheep meat. He lets pack flop to ground, bites, chews. He feels stare through the trees. ,,There was a cave. A cave of beasts and beauty having a dance and woreship any of the Gods would admire." He chews and swallows. "The wild over took. It controlled.'' He looks at William and stares deep then looks at Minst. ''It was a spell of the animal. A fire raged. Food was ate. The dead were cooked and skin while the animal ran around.''

,,Which animal?" says Minst.

Kids cheer as the try to push past parents to the big pots set on the ground by the pavillion.

Spear chews, smiles and slaps Minst upon the back.

Minst jolts forward.

Spear says with food bit flying. ,,GOOD to see you, Minst.'' He chews.

,,Did you see Don's bird?'' says William.

,,Familiar," says Minst.

,,The bird." He looks up and chews and swallows. ''The bird seen when left. Out of the cave. Before I talked with Blue.''

,,Blue,'' says Jan.

,,He's going to kill everyone,'' says Spear between chews.

Myst peers at Spear then looks and smiles at a few kids standing still watching the pack. ,,Blue will need peace.''

Spear chews and shakes head. ,,No.'' He chews and swallows. ''No reason with the being.'' He looks at Myst. ''He's mad.'' And bites his dried jerky.

Kids begin to whisper Blue and the fight last night and dying.

Myst begin to tap her drum.

,,Blue is beyond thought and body,'' says Jan.

,,A beyond body will go insane,'' says Kirra. She walks toward the pots of food.

The men lower the poles lowering the pots to the ground. 

The tent flaps open and a group of men followed by Wilber lift and move a long wooden table and racks of wooden bowls. Wilber carries a tray of cups. Bowls and cups are set on table as people form a line to the table.

Steaming meat and fat, carrots and onions, streams from pot's top.

Kirra steps behind the table and by Wilber and grabs a bowl and dips the bowl into the pot. 

Stew floats over bowls edges. 

She feels Wilber's stare as she turns back to Wilber and wak to packe. 

The pack stares at Kirra then the food. 

William sighs. He pulls pack from back and pulls out a bruised apple and bites while suffling through skins and containers while pulling out a piece of mountain goat cheese. 

Kirra walks to the pack holding her steaming bowl of stew.

Jan watches and glances at the stew then she feel her pocket algea cloak sage. as she pull a fist of algea from her robe pocket and eats.

,,What does that taste like?'' says Minst.

Jan shrugs and bites and chews.

Kids begin to step away from the pack, and Myst's hand hits drum top with a quick chaotic tap that stops their step back.

The fast then low beat her hands hit as the song sung in mind flows from silence through her body and from her energy to those around. The thumps below talk, but above the whispers of the adults stand near children and glancing at the pack.

William looks at the steam stew and feels the hunger bubble from stomach and spread to a hollow breathe. ,,If we are going to attempt peace to this canyon then we will need to act. If not all, I say we leave and let fate bring completion." Willaim looks from Kirra, Jan, Spear, Minst then Myst finishing his words with, ''I feel it to help these people before we become worse than the goblins.'' 

Spear says between chews, ,,I am with the pack." He glance around the huddled pack. ''I go where the pack goes.''

Myst smiles and taps on her drum and nearly sings in pace with taps. ,,Yes, William, I will follow the pack.'' She nearly follows with soft lyric of, ''On, pack, we will find the track.'' Her voices flows with the beat. 

Adults and soldiers peering and glancing while mumbling at the pack look to the ground, the sky then around to the soldiers and the day.

The snow gusts and swirls the few flakes of snow falling.

Minst looks at Kirra's stew. 

The fumes of carrots and lamb mixed with rosemary, pepper and... ,,Segarian Salt,'' says Minst.

The smell feels then empties. 

,,Hungry,'' says Minst.

,,Eat,'' says Kirra scooping stew with fingers to her mouth. She chews and says, ''Stews good.''

Minst looks at the kids lining up to the bowls of soup. He then looks at Jan's handful of algea. ,,How does the algea taste?''

,,Like algea." Jan bites into her fist full of algea and chews.

William swallows some dried pear. ,,If we be as on and if as one we go to find Blue, we all go to find blue.''

Kirra eats and nods. Jan says, ,,It be the fate.'' Spear grunts looking at Kirra's bowl of stew then the children eating the stew in large scoops. Myst says, ,,Yes,'' with a smile and wink at William. Minst says, ,,Of course,'' then looks at the bowls of stew through the crowd. ''But what to eat?''

,,Stew,'' says Kirra. Kirra sits on ground, puts bowl before and pulls out her beerstine, says, ''THEMAGICWORD,'' and drinks.

,,YOu will lose no honor for feeding from the food of people we are about to assist,'' says William.

,,You're not eating stew,'' says Minst.

,,I have food.'' William bites his jerky. He smiles and pulls out some fig from side of pack and holds it to William.

Minst stares at the fig then watch Myst walk to the line of children and adults to the pots and bowls. He follows and stands behind Myst.

,,Do you trust Dante, William,'' says Kirra.

William looks from the snow covered trees to Kirra. ,,Dante,'' He chews and swallows. ''Dante I believe worth the trust. If our vision and your dream be it real, it alone gives me more respect and trust.'' He looks around at the soldiers spread through out the women and children and near the door. ''I do not trust anyone else.'' He looks back at Kirra then looks from Kirra to Jan to Spear then to the forest. ''Fear can't be trusted.''

All nod and eat and stare. They stare at the soldiers marching past; the forest; the tents; the cildren and the ground.

Spear sits and pulls board sword to lap and chews while running a wetstone over its edge. William stands against the desire to sit to relieve the wieght of the armor as he shifts glare to the trees to the glances back to the pavillion tent flaps. Kirra eats and watch the wind blow flakes of snow around the open area and watches two black clad beings stand still and watch the soldies march. Jan eats her algea and holds her staff near feeling a warmth flow from it. Myst and MInst stand in line step forward silent and reach the front of the line get their food and return with only a glance at Wilber.

Fumes of the pepper and rosemary fill Minst and Myst with joy and comfort as they step through the kids and parents to the pack.

The eat, clean and check weapons. They speak with stares and nods.

Kids and adults cycle through the pavillion followed by a two pots of food. Two empty pots of food lead more cheering and laughing and some cries flowing from kids and adults. 

The new noises cause the pack to look over shoulder and see long human length packages being carried out by soldiers. The ten  packages are lifted above heads and marched through the people and soldiers and over the clearing to the woods.

Cries and tears emerge from people following the packages.

,,The dead,'' says William with the calming wind. 

,,Are dead,'' says Kirra. She stands and puts pack over shoulder. 

Spear looks up from the sword. ,,May their battle be won. May their lives see the one.''

The clouds begin to part and small beams of light illuminate the clearing and caste shadows. The wind calms and food warms and comforts.

Dante steps from the pavillion flanked by Dan, Han and Grete. Dante's red tear steaked face fades to white and dries with the winter wind.

The kids and adults sucking the fresh air gather around the table, pot and bowls.

,,Dante,'' says William.

Spear looks up. He grabs pack and sword and stands. 

,,He looks sad,'' says Myst.

Minst eats his stew.

Dante walks through the crowd putting arm around a man with palms covering face. They stap, and Dante and the man look at each other. Each make a sign from their foreheads to their left shoulder to their hearts to their right shoulder back to their foreheads. Dante parts and walks and the crowd parts a trail to the pack.

,,I am ready,'' says Dante.
