
William and Myst stand by doors holding each open. 

People dressed in tunic and pants, dress and suit, sit around tables and podiums. They wear belts, earrings, necklaces and pins. Aschot blume and cloaks gleam with the candle light. They sit with legs crossed and closed. The people talk soft and to each other's hands. Fingernails free of dirt and grime.

A group of violinists sit in corner and play a calm collection sounds sending a collective vibration through the room. 

People stand and sit around a podium and stare at a person reading from a scoll. The words of rhythmic poetry flow from the persons mouth. 

People pick at small trays of food spread in circles and rows over silver platters. Cheese, crackers, watercrest, tomatoes chicken strips, salted pork fat make journey from tray to mouth.The smell of fat and flowers fills the room. 

William looks behind, ,,Where's everyone else?"

,,Gone," says Myst. They look behind and around.

,,If they were here we's see their dirt.  William looks at tunics sleaves and pants.

People is around the base of a stone minotar holding an battle axe above head. People point at drops of red on the floor. People point and smile at William and Myst.

,,Maybe we should go through the other door?" says William to Myst back.

Myst walks from William to a tray of food and grabs cheese and fruit shoves them in out bitting and chewing and swallowing in one motion. She grabs a carafe of wine and drinks letting small red rivers run from corners of mouth. 

William looks at the people looking at him and Myst. They sneer and point. They shake heads side to side. They walk from groups and to black clad beings standing in the corners. They walk away from Myst and the tray of food. The walk around Willaim waving nose before face.

William walks to Myst and begins eating. He takes teh caraf from Myst and pours some in a glass.

Myst says, between chews of food with a half stuffed mouth, ,,This is good." 

William heads and nods head.

A big green hand lays on William's shoulder. ,,Enjoying he food," says Thom. 

William and Myst look back. 

Myst peers at Thom, swallows, says.,,Sad it's not us."

Thoms big head and wide mouth filled with dagger teeth and upper and lower canine teeth curve over lips. His head capped with the red and purple cap. His shoulder arms and body covered in a flowing red and purple robe. His clawed hand squeezes Williams shoulder.

Myst bits an apple nods.

William swallows. 

Two black clad beings walk toward William and Myst.

Thom looks over William and Myst then looks both in the eyes, ,,How about you follow these two servants to the two wounded."

Myst nods. William swallows, turns to face Thom causing Thom's hand to slide from shoulder. ,,You better not be."

,,Quiet," says Thom. He smiles. "YOu are in no position to demand anything."

The two black beings are joined by two more standing behind Willaim and Myst.

"Please follow me."  Thom walks from William and Myst. The two black clad being nudge William and Myst. Myst grabs the tray of food adn caraf of wine.

William looks at her.

She shrugs.

William and Myst walk from tray of food, in the center of four black clad being, who follow Thom to the double doors. 

The black clad beings push open double doors. They walk through with Myst and William. The walk arcoss oak floor and push open two more oak doors. 

A hall with two tapesties on walls extends to darkness. Small glowing globes hover in corner of ceiling and wall. The tapestry a panaramic land scape of from a caste town. A city surrounds and spreads to plains on one side and a large lake on the other.

William says between chews of carrot, ,,Is this near Carlos's room."

Mary swallows. ,,Check the ruby on the pin. 

The walk along the hall and by the tapestry. 

William puts hand in trouser pockets and looks back. ,,Didn't that exit to a gaming all and a bar."

Myst nods. ,,Yes."

William pull hands from trouser pockets and slips hand in shirt pocket.

The ruby of pin heat stings Williams hand.

William pulls hand from pocket and shakes. ,,OU." He looks at hand. "The felt hot."

,,Sure you didn't poke the pin, says Myst. She drinks some wine and gives the tray to William.   

William nods. ,,Yay."

,,Didn't Carlos say something about heat," says Myst as she takes a slice of ham from platter.

The black clad beings stops.

Myst and William stop. William says, ,,Must be close."  

Two black clad being grab both of hands of Myst and a hand and a wrist of William. Two black clad beings grab the black clad beings grabing Myst and Wiliam the touch the tapestry. 

There is a shine then a shimmer. 

They appear in small room with two beds side to side. Both beds have bloods stains at the foot of beds. The bed sheets are lunmpy and form outlines of humaniods. The sheets rise and fall with a snore.

Black clad beings relase grips on Myst and William.

The tray of food falls to floor. Carrots, ham slices, cheese, potatoes, crackers hit and scatter. A loud clash hits and snaps silence.

The sheet of a bed fly off and an arm with a dagger cut air. The sheet land. A human with a sweat covered face stares at the black clad being. He poinst knife tip. ,,YOU." He stabs knife tip. "YOU STAY AWAY."

A groan comes from under the sheets of the other bed. 

A black clad beings walks to a side of each bed. ,,What do you think, Reign," says Myst. "What do you feel?" Myst kneels and puts the wine on floor. "I feel nothing." She stands. 

William swallows and walk between each bed. ,,We mean you no harm," He says. He holds upon hand.

The man push from bed and leads push with dagger at William. 

William steps back. 

The black clad beings grab the shaking hand holding dagger.

,,Get away." He spits. "I know the face." 

,,What about the other," says Myst. She smiles and blinks fast. "...I didn't need to know that Reign." Myst steps to the bed sides with sheet covering a snoring being. She stands by the black clad being and pulls the sheets from the bottom of bed.

Two human feet lay still. The left foot is wrapped in strips of cotton stained a deep red. A circle of blood surrounds the foot. The other foot lay still and blood free.

"Yes...Yes...I can. I will. He will know," says Myst. "Is he? He believes now does he?" She smiles and picks up the bloody foot and unwraps the strip of cotton cloth.

The strips of cloth become thick with blood with each unroll from foot. Small drips form and drop. The pull of the strip becomes slow sucking from the wrap breaking dried bonds of blood.

A scream flows forth followed by two arms reaching and head lifting the covers. 

William lunges and lays body over arms and chest of the person beneath the sheets.

Myst slowly and steadly unwraps the cloths and says, ,,Yes,thats deep...Not me. The ranger...Didn't see the nets....Yes, I should have been talking with you..." Myst smiles.

A louds long scream fills then fade. Deep beathing heaves William up and down.

William unlatches belt, pulls it free from waist, and pulls down cover revealing a shaking twisting head inhaling, exhaling, inhalling... William slides leather belt between teeth.

A muffled scream pushes through teeth and belt.

William is lifted from ground. A black clad being pushes the perosn to the bed. 

Myst nods head and looks at the head, ,,He may need some pain relief....Thank you. Thank you...Blessed is the magic of being." 

Bloods soaked become scabbed cover cloth. 

The person under the sheets calm. His breathing becomes slow and soft. The wrinkles in face become smoooth. 

,,Bless him. And thank you..." Myst pulls the last of the cloth from the food.

The last of the cloth strip pulls away the blood and scabbed covered foot to show light flesh in the top and bottom of foot. 

William stands. A black clad being clears blood from foot finding only fish. It nods and points to the other bed. 

Myst blinks. ,,Thank you, Reign. Your faith in me brings faith all."

William stand by Myst. He graps he arm, ,,How do you feel?"

,,Wonderful," says Myst.

,,We can rest before you heal this." William point to the other bed.

,,I can't," says Myst. She looks at the black clad being, "We doesn't want help from anything." She sighs adn shakes head. "He's too full of hate and chaos."

The black clad being step toward Myst. 

William grabs Myst, walks to wall, touches picture.

A shine then a shimmer. 

William and Myst appear in  hall with tapestry covering walls.

,,The lake." Willam grabs pin. "Help me looks."

Two black clads being apear.

,,Here," says Myst. She points to a township by the lake.

Two more black clad being appear.

Willam walks to Myst, graps Myst, and touchs the painted villiage. 

A shine then a shimmer then darkness


