Myst hums the song of Reighn as Jo steps into the cells.

The hum spreads and follows William and Kirra as they pass into the wall of darkness. The hum sings from Myst and to Myst. 

To Myst, the hum of Reighn sings coughs and grumblings and stomach bumblings. Farts and burps and coughs sing with Myst's hum to a different song that is sung her her.

Myst watches as Jo stands and watches the white sheets around peering stares away and staring glances.

White sheets spread into cells eating, talking, staring.

The sounds become the song the Myst hears and feels. Pains, fear and hope feel Myst with tears and aches.

The song of Myst sings within the notes of wimpers and cries the rage William.

Red burst in Myst's minds as both the sight before and the wave of colors become around her. Her skin being to fade to green, the clicks and clack become surface talk words, the pain she feels thorugh body fades. 

Then a whisper talk sings with the ring of bells. It sooths and says, ,,You will need to follow the song I send for thee unless a fight is what you will be.''

The reds burst to bright and the sight all around becomes white then Myst can see.

Standing before she is Senator Ring.

Shadows soldiers steps and stare. Jo stands by Jo and pets her braided head. 

Senator Sing's soothing eases the vibrations of Myst's throat beat. ,,You come with me to sing you song of Reighn for my gladiators living up as I am in need of another to help bind the wounds and sooth the pain of warriors.''

Myst's let throat songs calm to silence. She says, ,,I do not trust you enough to leave these warriors who are willing to rape.''

Senator Ring smiles and lets lipes parm to show teeth. ,,You need not trust me more than the truth you live and not white sheets are raping you.'' He steps and raises arm letting yellow robe open and create a bath along the hall.

Through the folds of the robe, Myst sees purple leather wrapped with a red sash. Three daggers hang from left hip and a small bag dangles between. 

''You come with me and if you spread you faith in Reighn to these heathens that need faith beyond their pain ful lives.'' His eyes twinkle like the glimmer of Rieghn. ''You keep William and Kirra safe.''

Myst nods and steps and talks near a song. ,,And what of Minst and Spear. They are not here, but stilll I wish them to be close to me, so I can see their life and feel their song.'' She steps along.

The shadow soldiers step around. 

Sentor Ring lowers robe and stesp with Myst. ,,You may rest you soul of song that both your friends are alive and well.' He glance down. ''Your friend Spear is quiet the warrior with a spirit of a rat that rises his value up and up. If you fate finds you alone then I promise you will be with Spear until he fights his last battle or wins his freedom through fight.''

The white sheets step against the wall and stare and the Senator Sing, press against wall to avoid the touch of a Shadow Soldiers.

''Your friend Minst has been saved by me personally.'' He glances down at Myst. ''It is a rare event for one to be saved from death after losing their trial.''

Through the glass hall they walk with the white sheets parting a path to the wall of darkness.

Dirt, soot, blood stained  halls span forward and to their Wax and Wane.

Senator Ring and the shadow soldiers lead Myst to the Wax along glass halls.

The soot and blood clear to glass.

,,Where do you lead me?'' says Myst.

Senator Ring follows the step of the Shadow soliders to a narrow spiral staircase. ,,We go up to a room for my warriors to rest and heal.'' He pauses by the spiral stair case entrance and raises rope.

Myst steps before and up the stairs behind two shadow soldiers.

Senator Ring steps behind. ''You go up unless you sing a not to shatter these stares.'' He pauses. ''You have become a mystery to these gnomes of the city. And some what a fright. It be true if not for me you would be dead. Dead because they don't want one of you skills roaming through their city.''

,,It is not skill, but the power from Reign singing through me.'' She steps.

Senator Ring says, ,,You underestimate your talents to master the control of your sound.''

Myst steps and says, ,,I am but an instrument of Reighn.''

,,And what of your instrument?'' says Senator Ring. ''Where is your drum?''

Myst feels a drum beat from her heart. Her heart beat beats the step of her feet and the shadow warriors. Myst says, ,,My heart beats the body drum.''

Senator Rind softly chuckles like a rumbling storm the trembles Myst's drum heart beat. 

Myst's body drum beats her path and step up the spiral stares as she steps near the shadow warriors.

Shadow warriors step fast slow and left and right shifting light shadows of flickering light. 

Myst steps near a Shadow warrior and sees it's body with here sound. Myst sees her heart beat form the eyes of a Shadow Soldiers. The sound sings around the robes of
Senator Ring, the daggers beneath, the shiney blates of bronze over leather. Myst says, ''We are instruments of Reigh.''

Senator Ring's laugh rolls a storm and steps with Myst's pace up the spiral stairs with the Shadow soldiers that lead arround and around and around and through a door to a narrow glass hall.

Myst feels and sees with the beat of her body drum pulse thorugh the hall.

Furs of large creatures hand with flat tapestryies along the wall. Furs of large beats stitched to gether with silk spread over the floor. Wood tables lay warped with candles sticks with half burn wax and wix. 

A human hearing a fur robe and a metal crown snores slumped in chair. A carraf hang grasped in large hand.

Halls of fur and leather span to their wane. Candle lights lfighter and tiny globes shine dim lights. 

Between the cracks and spaces of the furs and leather rough glass. 

The shadow soldiers walk with Myst and Senator Ring then stop. The shadow soldiers flicker to a stop and waver before Myst. 

Mysts body touches a shadow soldiers as the song plays around it. 

Cold spreads from the touch. The sight sound show Myst the body shifts and fluxes away from Myst.

Senator Ring says, ,,You walk wane and along the first door to your wax, and we will find our way.''

,,I have found my way,'' says Myst. She steps with the Shadow soldiers over furs and through a narrow door. 

Fumes of feces and piss fill and wave with rot. A faint cough ends with a moan creating a scene of an empty glass room. 

The shadow soldiers stand along the wall near the door. 

,,You stops now for death enters,'' says Senator Ring. 

Myst steps into the room with a soft hum. ,,If one  keeps death trapped it will kill and spread through the trap.''

,,YOu will find we have cleared the hall and halls of this...This..'' Senator Rings waves hand. ''This death that cam from the humans from the Set like you.''

Myst hums.

The hum is constant and flat.

A dark red shimmers thorugh the sight of Myst. The shimmers is deep then spread thin to float from door. The rood hovers and spans and spreads to the color of darkness.

,,It spread from this room and all around you,'' says Myst while still humming. ''The shadow soldiers may spread the red that causes this one dead.''

A body laying in the corner lays. Chest raises slow and clam the quivers adn kicks as coughs spreads red through the sonic mind of Myst.

Mysts steps back and says, ,,This one is beyond the help of roots, rest and bandages.''

,,Are you not worried to become infect with this read death I seen dance around this room?'' says Myst.

Senator Ring says, ,,You will find only humans, elves, halfings, id and dwarves are infect by this, what you call, red death.''

The body coughs and coughs and gags.

,,You have a song that can break glass. You sing the song to hell this disease?'' Senator Ring steps from the hall. ''You sing the cure, and you will save Reighn. Or you die from it.''

Myst sees Senator Rings steps from hall as her vibrating throat keeps hum. She steps toward the body in the corner.

One by one the Shadow soldiers bodies sing to bend and flow with the shadows caste from the candles and globes along the hall and with Senator Sing.

Myst's hum vibrated the red as Myst's heart thumps a pulse thorugh body and through the room spreading the red.

She says, ,,Reighn, death sings a song here. Death will not sing our song, but these people may.''

Her hum colors to her mind a deep read mist being breathed for a body of a human laying in corner.

She kneels. ,,What is you name?''

The man wipes sweat from brow and holds and cough. Cheeks expand. He clears throat and swallows. ,,Sam.'' He coughs. Spit sprays on Myst's face. 

Red sprays over fast in the song sight of Myst.

Sam covers mouth, holds chest, coughs.

She says with her song. ,,Where did you travels being, Sam?'' She puts hand on Sam's chest.

A deep wheeze and a cough says. ,,Lyno.''

,,Lyno,'' says Myst. ''I travelled from Lyno from Westmore Canyon.''

Sam coughs. ,,Westmore?''

Myst smiles. ,,The canyon to the Wane of Lyno.'' She puts hand on his forehead.

Sweat and heat stick to Mys's hand. 

The skin of Sam's burns. 

Sam shivers. He holds a cough, covers mouth and hacks and gags. 

''How long have you felt this way?'' says Myst.

''Many.'' Sam coughs and breathes. ''Many suns. Many.''

,,Do others feel as you feel?'' says Myst.

,,Yes,'' says Sam.

,,Have any died?'' says Myst.

,,Yes,'' says Sam.

She deepens her hum and whistles a not as she presses her hand again a sweaty cotton shirt of Sam's. 

Wet warm sweat stick to her hand. 

Her hand warms and as she whistle and hums her throat she says through the song. ,,Do the goblinkin find the same sickness?''

Sam pivots head side to side. ,,No.'' He swallows. 

Myst place both hands on chest. ,,Reighn,'' she says. ''Please help this body sing a song for days long.'' Her whistle and throat vibrates with heat beat play through her hands.

Her hand become a blue thorugh the red singing sigh in her mind. She says like spoke word with her sounds. ''Reighn I see the sickness. I feel the heat and pain. Help this heart beat strong for you.'' She coughs and feels a burn through chest as she hears Sam's wheeze become a calm breath. 

Myst's hands burn as the hum in throat stops from cough. 

The blue from her hands become purple then red as the red around the red become dim. 

Myst coughs and chest burns. 




(More spreading of sound. More song. More time. She sleeps and wakes to Senator Ring.)





Myst follows the song through the wall of darkness and through the white sheets and after the soldierss.

White sheets part and stares. A few smile and tap fool with the quick beats of throat from the vibration of minds.

The song leads Myst's stesp and paces the soldiers.

Jo steos from the whites sheets standing and sitting with stares as the music of Rieghn feels to play through the air. Jo steps with Myst's song.

And the song leads the soldiers to the cell where William lay in a red sheet.

A cackle laugh speaks as an echo  through hall. ,,You need to win to go up.''


