
,,North," says Jan. She stands and stares up at the sky.

Trees trunks are cracked. Trees lean upon trees. A tree cracks and snaps and falls with swoosh, crackles and a bang the boucnes.

,,North," says Kirra looking at Jan. Kirra looks North. "We best be on our way."

Spear peers with the light to the dusty dim light of the dragon's lair.

Minst stands and loops sack strap over head and under should. He stares into the dust and darkness. He sees small groups of goblin and hobligoblins heat patterns.

He looks at William, Myst, Spear, Kirra and Jan then the rump of Buckey at the dead leader hanging over Buckey. ,,They want the armor. They want to be leader.

,,They're not havinging," says William. William looks to Myst.

Kirra nods head.

,,We need to fight more goblins or go," Spear smiles looking at the goblins.

William tugs on Buckey's reighns and stept betwee tree trunks and through tall grass and under vines. ,,We go."

Myst walks by William, ,,What about Carlos?" She lifts the gauntlet. "What about this." 

Grabs the gauntlet. He ducks under vines and lets gauntlet and arm and hand holding gauntlet fall to the side. ,,I know," says William. "It's magical."

,,He has the eggs," says Jan. 

Minst, walking on the other side of Buckey, looks back. He peers thorugh vines, trees, leaves and grass and sees trees, leaves, vines and grass. His head hit vines. Drops of water splat on head. He ducks and looks across Buckey's back. ,,What about the goblins?"

Spear inhales and exhales. A soft pain begins to harden with each step. He holds side. ,,We will fight them, but not now."

,,When?" says Minst.

,,When we clear the trees and vines," says Kirra. She looks around. "Goblins are everywhere." She looks back then to Minst. "Who don't care about the armor or the dead leader."

,,What about Carlos?" says Myst.

,,He's probably dead," says William. William ducks under vines and pushes away leaves and grass.

Jan pulls hood of robe from head and wipes forehead with robe sleeve leaving a stain of dirt on forehead. ,,He has the eggs," says Jan.

,,He's gone," says William. "Shake was probably right. No good." William pivots head side to side. 

Myst huffs and grabs the gauntlet from William and holds up the guantlet before everyone everyone while walking backward. She stumbles, but recoveres. ,,What about this?"

William glances at Myst then stares beyond. ,,It's a magical guantlet."

Myst stops walking. 

William and Buckey walk past.

She walks by William. ,,Put it fell from the sky!" Then looks at Kirra.

Kirra shrugs. She lift bow held by one hand and short sword held by another. ,,Hand armor slows me down."

,,And I can't caste spells with that thing on." says Minst.

Jan shakes head side to side.

,,That's not what I MEAN," stresses Myst. 

,,It's not an omen," signs William.

,,Ask Reign," says William. He grabs the gauntlet and puts it on hand and tightens the straps. 

The gauntlet forms around forearm and hand. 

William lifts the hand. ,,It's a guantlet." He shrugs. Lowers hand and steps along fallen tree trunk.

Spear smiles. Minst looks away.

Kirra pushes between William and Buckey. ,,I'm going to scout."

Myst slows walk to walk behind Buckey.

Their pace and step increase from a slow jog to a jog.

Feet smash grass and dead leaves into the moist ground. They step and leap over mounts and paths of dirt winding around trees and brush. They squash and squish in mud.

Snapping of branches and swooshing of large leaves, vines and grass are the only sounds. 

Sweat drips from faces and ears. Sweat covers hands, wrists and necks.

William slaps neck and wipes dead bug on pants. 

Trees, plants, vines and grass blur. 

Faint sounds of goblins squak and talk and shouts seep through the trees like whispers. 

The jog becomes a run. 

Mud spashes. Branches break. Grass, vines and leaves snap.

Kirra leaps over a tree trunk, ducks under vines. She stops and slows breathe. 

Goblins talk and screams heard in the deep distance left and right. Louder than the crashing of the running companion are the screams and shouts of goblins behind. 

Kirra lowers and runs North.

William see Kirra disappear through the trees. He breathes soft and fast. He peeks a look at Buckey.

Buckey's head softly bounces and bobbs as feet finds foot upon the hidden ground. His nostrals flar then contract. Its push powerful legs pushing the body of the dead hobgoblins leader from rump to center of back.

Spear sheaths swords, wipes forehead and glances back.

Jan, Myst, leaves, tress, grass and vines hide sight of anything else.

Jan tries to hold robe and pulls stactle close. Her staff horizontal with ground is guided from the path of vine and trees.

Myst runs by Jan focusing on the group, meditating on the path, letting feet and legs guide where they may, then slipping into her mind with soft words betweem increasing deeper breaths. ,,Reign." She says, "What...Does it ...Mean?"

They run between trees through grass by leaves and vines over then they jog then the walk.

The sun peak wanes. Shadows caste right to left passing over Kirra, Willim, Buckey, Spear, Minst, Jan and Myst.

Kirra steps fast and silent smelling and hearing and feeling not sudden change. 

Her sight blurred with swollow cheek and eyes and blurred with sweat. 

She wipes forehead and steps firm. 

Her cloths firm over body. Its mudstains and blookstains blend with the deep green and brown shades of leather. A few studs missing from the checkboard pattern. Her tightly woven locks tied in a bundle bouncing behind head. 

Faint echos of goblin command fade before they are sound.

She looks East then behind and through the plants to see William and Buckey.

,,Gobins," says William, "I'm tired of goblins."

William pulls on his leather padded soaked with muddy water sagging the arms and legs. The leather long sleeved shirt is stiff and dry around the forearms. a long cut along forearm crusty with blood fuse the leather to skin in a loos bond broke with each swing of sword at vin.

His ribs feel a sharp pain with each deep breath and poking pain with breath. His nose and forehead pound a soft throb and feel to have grown in size. 

His gauntlet covered hand grips buckey's reighns. The hand inside the guantlet feel cool and dry. The hand squeezes and wingles and lifts as light as the other hand free of guantlet. Clasping the reigns of Buckey William can feel the leather reign in hand like clasping with a naked hand instead of a metal gauntlet.

,,What are we doing?" says William

Buckey whinneys and blusters. He bends head to the left and rubs back with nose spread dried clumps of mud into struck stains. Spots of bare skin lay exposed with acid fringed hair. His boken rear hoove, missing a horse shoe flakes off over the rock. His tail sways side to side. Its lunster and blooms hung heavy and weighted in dried locks with much. 

Buckey whinneys.

Spear smiles after a silence. ,,Going to explore and search for family treasure in your families fallen keep." Spear slides bastard sword into sheath. He looks over his body staring at the red rimmind cuts on should, chest and legs.

His leahter tunic is cut and blood stained. His body outlined with mud stain between muscles. H cropped hair matted in thick lalyers The leather braceirs and anklet stiff and strong. His hide pants painted with blood and mud over an uncut surface. Small holes poke through tunic and trosers.

Spear scratches is short cropped hair rubbing a bump still swollen. Spear smiles and nods. He looks at Minst. ,,Who cares if it a swamp or a keep, as longs as the path leads to a good fight and a good booty for the family."

Minst smiles and pivots head side to side. His smile fades as he open his sack again finding the moist small bags that should be dry and acid burn small bags that should be whole. He again looks over his big leather sack with two holes the diameter of his thumb. He again shakes the sack to shift the small bag inside away from the holes and to shift the moise sack around too allow them to dry.

Misnt stumble steps over a fallin vine then finds his footing. His elven mail clean of mud and dirt. It's soft surface sheds dirt in small flackes. 

Minst slides hand between the folds the armor to touch his spell book the touches the hilt of his dagger then grabs the dagger and shakes pulling it with a tug away from belt. 

Minst looks down ta his feet. His lace black boots are laced tight. The stomp through the deeping mud. The grass covered foot prints fill with water. His wide stride becomes a short stride. He looks forward.

A goblin scream quiets the buzz of cicadas.

Minst looks back seeing Myst and Jan, walking side by side, against the background of swamp.

,,Reign. Where? I don't." Myst spreads open cloak and looks at her star amulet hanging from necklace. Her dirty cracked hands hold the amulet.

Its cold metal still the heat from her hands. 

Mud sweat drips from her chin to her hand. 

She rubs her neck. 

The bed roll and pack stapped around shoulders and under arms pushes open her cloak revealing embrodiered leather shirt and pants scrapped and muddied making a ordimental stitch of a star shinning over a head looking at the star on her chest to be a collection of lines and angles. 

Her leather  shoes coated with mud increase the size and weight of her foot. She sakes each foot once in awhile kicking free mud. "Where are you?" She stares at the trail before blocking out the fading echoes of bugs buzzing and goblins screaming.

Jan looks at Myst. Then she tries to see Kirra. Her sight blocked by trees, vines and grass. Her feelings sense Kirra's step.

She grips her staff and leads step with it's tip.

Her robe covers all but her head and drags over the moist ground.

She pulls the robe tight hidding closing the spreading opening. The robes wool weave more dry than wet. Spots here and there thread thin. Bits of dirt break of from robe and fall to ground.

She rubs and leaves and vines and tips of grass as she passes feeling their smooth, rough and fur surfaces and the warmth of life flowing form them. 

Jan looks above.

The sun hidden behind the the dense tree tops leaving a trail of every extending shadows.

The heat begins to cool with a breezes then gusts of wind.

Shadows become become a dim dark covering the depths below the illuminated tree tops.

,,Hungry," says William.

Spear takes off back while walking pulls out some dried snake. He slaps the dry snake slab on the shoulder of William. ,,Snake."

William grabs the snake while Spear straps back to and bed roll to back.

William bites and chews, nods head and smiles. ,,Good."

Minst puts hand over stomach. ,,Couldn't eat." He looks at Spear then back to Jan and Myst trying to make eye contact wit all before looking forward. ,,Could rest." He sighs and steps and steps... "Need rest."

Myst silent pivots head up and down. 

Buckey busters and snorts and pivots head up and down.

William looks back to Spear.

Spear shurgs.

William looks back to Myst.

Myst stares past William. Her hands clapsing the star amulet.

,,Kirra," says William. "We should ask Kirra what she thinks."

Spear nods. ,,I will let her know." Spear walks past then strides through the grass and greens nearly silent.

Dim light castes Spear a silhouette after a few strides.

Spear leaps over a tree trunk.

A small twig snaps.

Kirra stops. She looks back and steps near a cyprus trunk covered in most and vine. She stands with back against trunk.. She slides arrow from quiver along bow shaft and to bow string. She see silhouettes of Broad Leaf  Lilly Coats then the shake of Sprawl Vine. She raises bow.

Spear's shilouette appears through the Broad Leaf Lilly Coats then the Sprawl Vine.

Kirra lowers bow.

Spear snaps another twig. Then shake of Rustle Weed follows wake of Spear.

Kirra slides arrow into to quiver. 

Spear slows stride to a step and steps to Kirra. He points to mouth then back toward William.

Kirra nods. 

Spear follows Kirra's snapless and motionless path. The sounds of her foot falls silent below the sound of Spear's footfalls. Her path past Sprawl Vine and Broad Leaf illy Coats leaving no motion in the plants. 

They run to William, Buckey, Minst, Jan and Myst.

Myst now walks behind Jan. He fingers clutch the star amulet. Her eyes are closed. Her steps are true through grass and must and voer roots and rocks.

Jan's eyes open to see all put stares thought the plants in into the nature. Her staff leads the walk. Minst slides hand over chest and between the folds of his elven chainmail, and fingers touch tips of the flat spell book. He looks at his sack and open it and feels some of the components.

Buckey softly trots through mud and grass careful horseshe less hove doesn't hit on rock.

William watches Kirra and Spear approach.

William and Buckey stop. William looks back. Minst walks from Buckey's rump to his head then looks from inside large sack to Kirra and Spear. ,,Hi, Kirra," says Minst.

Jan's staff end taps Buckey's hoove. She stops walking. 

Myst walks and talks and bumps the back of Jan. 

Jan looks back. Myst and Jan contact sight and smile.

,,Sorry," says Myst.

Kirra says, ,,Hello, Minst," while looking at Jan and Myst.

,,How far away do you feel the goblins to be?" says William.

Kirra looks at William. ,,I can't hear them. The bugs and the animals silence as we pass and are not silent before and after. The are distant." She looks at Jan. Jan and her make eye contact. Kirra winks. Jan smiles. Jan walks to Kirra, William, Spear, Minst and Buckey.

,,How far away do you feel the goblins to be?" says Kirra.
 
,,Distant." Jan close her eyes. "If we rest. Some will walk this path after no sun light shines." She smiles and opens. 

,,I think we should go on." William takes off pack and hooks straps to around the limp head of the dead goblins leader. 

Buckey steps toward William with rear legs. 

William unties outter pouch of back and pulls out the thin hide map.

Buckey blusters and nods.

William rubs Buckey's back. He lays the map along Buckey's Back and barrel.

The map is marked with lines and circles and rectanles covering surface color of blue, brown, black and green. An arrow in the corner point to the top of the map and Buckey's back.

William points to triangles along the top of the map. ,,This is the moutain range." He moves hand and points finger between two parrallel lines filled with circles and drawn from the top rectangles to the bottom of rectangles. "This is the rock wall." He moves hand from bottom of the rock wall and out East outlining a blue color. "This is the bog." Then he lays palm on the mid and lower East between the moutain triangles on greem color with red circles. "This the forest." Then in the center of the forest he points and a large circle. "The dragon lair."

Myst points to a dark line near the North mountian range drawn from the rock wall to the end of green and circle trees. ,,And this."

,,The trail," says William. "I believe it is the trail my father built."

,,The one we were going to use to  cross the swamp?" says Minst.

William nods. He wipes sweat from face. ,,Taking into account time of day and the slow travel through mud." I believe us to be here." William points at a middle point between the dragon lair and the swamp crossing.

Kirra poinst to to a brown and gray area above swamp crossing and near the far East of the map. ,,And this the likely location of the hobgoblin town."

,,Dwellings," says William. He folds the map. "Goblins are low glass creatures and are not capable of creating a town." He puts map in pack and ties shut the pouch then puts pack on back. "Now what? North.find some dry place to sleep? Hide and hopefully not be seen or found until morning when our path enters the goblin dwelling area?"

Buckey looks back at the group and blusters.

Bits of snot hit Williams face.

William wipes face and looks at Buckey. He smirks then looks at Spear and Kirra. ,,What should we do? Sleep? Or continue our journey?"

,,We should sleep or nap," says Myst. She steps by Spear and pushing him back a little. "And should our rest be where they least exect to find. And a place with all this natural covering?"

William looks from Spear to Kirra. ,,Carlos would know."

,,And maybe Shake, too," says Myst. "But neither stand near now."

William nods and looks at Myst then Kirra and Spear. ,,What do you think of nap and eating in the area?"

Buckey nods and lets a soft smooth whiney flow out.

Kirra and Spear nod. We should. Kirra rubs face. Spear rubs shoulder.

,,I need to see the spells, sleep," says Minst. 

Jan silently nods. ,,The state will be the same now as it is tomorrow."

Kirra reaches back and ties bow to pack on back. The unsheaths her short sword. ,,I will find a place to sleep, hide."

Spear nods with William and Minst and Myst and Jan and Buckey. A high pitched cry of a Loon raises, peirces then falls to settle on a now hear sound of frogs croaking. 

Kirra walks West toward the sound of frogs.

Kirra pushes pushes West stepping soft and quiet through the grass and mud she lowers under vines and plant leaves, leaps and steps over rocks and loggs. Her eyes scan left to write seeing heat of beavers and ratlings. She follows a snake path as wide was she is wide. She passes a snakes burrow.

Feet press deeper and deeper into the ground. 

Kirra's step slows to pull feet from ground with each step.

The thick grass thin and begins to part with the splashing of Kirra's feet into the bog. The plants receed to grow arond the expose roots of moss covered trees.

She stops.

The ripples of water spread from her ankles past the grass the thistle and cypris trees.

A loon cries of the night a cry not answered as it fades.

The highlight of sun fade to dark as it shines East. Below the tree line darkness brings shadows to be one.

Kirra sees a hammock. It's warm suface contrast against the cool water.

She wades to knees to the hammock and steps upon it. Her feet solid against rock.

She stops and her feet hit rock. She looks rouund the edges. 

It's surface wide enough to lay twenty humanions. Grass grows between the rock gaps. No holes and burrow bumbs are seen. 

Kirra kneels close to the ground and looks around the surronding area seeing only settled water and trees.

Kirra stands and returns with a soft splash into the bog toward William, Spear, Myst, Minst, Buckey and Jan.

Jan, Buckey, Minst, Myst, Spear and William stand and watch Kirra fade from light sight and night sight.

A cool gust pushes thorugh the grass and leaves spreading a smell of decay and leaving in gust's wake a cool breeze. 

The buzz of cicadas lowers the rises.

Jan looks at the ground, sees a wide root protuding to the ground and sits upon it. She open satchel and pulls out an apple, eats it.

Buckey steps in black shifting the dead hobgoblin leader on back. Buckey bites and knaws on the grass.

William stands near Buckey and begins to pet Buckey and brush Buckey's mane with split fingers of one hand.

Spear opens in small pack and pulls out dried snake meat and holds some before William. 

William grabs the meat with the gauntlet covered and eats while brushingBuckey's mane and looking at the guantlet. 

Spears chews snake meat and walks to a tree trunk with dirt around the base, slides the bastard sword from his sheath, sits, lays the bastard sword on lap and eats. Betwee bites and with the chews he wipes and inspects his sword.

Minst steps around tapping feet here and there tapping mud here an there. Minst then uses the side of foot to push over grass laying blade over blad over blade making a grass seat. Myst sits, lays large sack on lap, opens top and begins to feel each small sack inside. His lips move as he names of the contents of each bag identified by shape and consitency.

Myst pulls cloak tight around body. She shivers. She looks at William. She walks to the other side of Buckey and pets Buckey's crest. She smiles. ,,How's the guantlet."

William nods at Spear and holds the snake meat. ,,It feels like a cloth glove."

,,You can take it off..." Myst's voice trails to silence. She looks at Buckey's back.

,,I will leave it on," says William. "If you believe it to be an omen then I must keep it close until we know way." 

Myst slides her hand to William.

Buckey whinneys soft.

William smiles and bites into the snake meat and give a piece to Myst.

They sit and wait as the light fades from the sky and until Spear feels then hears the swish and push of grass.

He looks around the trunk.

,,Hi, Kirra," says Jan.

Kirra steps behind William.

Myst looks at Kirra. Jan and Minst stand by Kirra. Spear looks up.

Kirra looks from William to Minst, to Jan, to Minst and down to Spear then up toward the standing group. ,,Back the way I came. Near where the bog becomes a pond is hammock. Made of huge rock. Big enough for Buckey. Some plants. Open, but if we have not fire then one would have to be near enough to be splashing through water."

All nod. 

Spear stands and raises swords and slides sword into scabbard strapped to back. He grabs back and bed roll.

Kirra nods, steps, through grass and leaves and between trees and under vines. William and Buckey follow. Spear walks from the columon and walks from the shadows to the darkness. Myst puts a hand on Buckey and follows the gentles sway and step of Buckey. Minst steps and stares through the night with little light seeing Spear walk parrallel with the group. Jan walk behind all sliding silently through grass and in and out of the deep sinking mud slopping over foot. 

Water fills the foot steps. Grass thins and sways with wind. Thight rows and columns of trees become a loose sprawl of tree groups. 

They step through the dimming dusk. They step from sloppy slurrping mud nearly prying boots from feet to mire settled below thin spread of water. They step around the moss covered tips of tree roots poked through the water and into the sky.

William's feet splash and sink.

A few cicadas buzz. 

A loon cries. The loon echoes then fades...

Water deepen. Mire drops.

Feet and ankles step and wade though water. Legs push and pull from mire covering the foot.  

The grass blades sway with a breeze and ripple.

A small snake slithers behind Kirra and infront of William.

Buckey stops and watches the snake and its ripples flow away. Buckey nods and pulls hooves from mire and wades through water. 

The trees groups because pairs and single standing trees.

From ankle to knee the water deepens. 

Kirra wades leaving little ripple wake or sounds. 

A swam of bugs push though the row. Tiny bugs fly into ears, mouths, nostrels and are smashed between closed tight eyelids.

The swam passes. 

Minst cags and coughs. The cough echos then falls silent. 

Kirra wades on.

The dust dims to near night. 

Kirra raises from the water stepping on the rock hammock levelled with mud.

William walks to the edge of the hammock. He looks up at Kirra. ,,Thank you."

Kirra, looking behind and through the night, nods.

William and Buckey stomp and clomp on to the rock flattened by mud patches and sparse weeds.

William unties the dead hobgoblin leader and pulls him from Buckey's back letting him fall to the ground of hte hammock. 

Buckey blusters. He walks to an edge, bends legs at knees then slowly rolls to to side and lets out a soft whinney. 

Spear lets a soft chuckle escape. He sloshes up to the rock top and lays out on chest. "I think I am going to lay here."

Myst pulls up onto the rock. ,,I can't wait to be dry again."

,,Dry." Minst follows Minst. "What's dry." He looks at the sack of components.

Jan steps up to rock top and and lowers hood. The bottom of her cloack sways with the weight of water. She sits with squishes on the rock, puts staff to her side  and slips off the backpack.

Stars twinkle above.

The cool breeze becomes a cold wind.

Kirra sets her quiver, bow and pack in the center of the rock. She sits and lets out a quiet moan. The side of her face pulses with pain. Her cheek and forehead are swollen closing her right eye. She rubs her face.

Jan looks from the stars to Kirra. She stands, grabs pack, steps and sits in near fluid movement. ,,Hold still," she says. She presses fingers and thumbs against Kirras swollen face.

Kirra grimises, but doesn't move.

Jan opens pack and pulls out leather bag and a dagger covered in a sheath. She opens the lather bag pulling out a bar of soap wrapped in a thin membrain. With the membrain unwrapped she takes the soap an rubs it over the knife edge. "Hold." Jan lifts the knife and cuts Kirra's swollen cheek below the eye.

Kirra winces.

The cut bleeds.

Jan fingers push out blood. 

The swollen cheek shrinks.

Jan pulls from back a thread and needle, she begins to sew the cut.

,,Thank you," says Kirra.

Spear, starring at Kirra seeing only the shades caste against the star lite night, pulls pack, sword and scabbard from back. He rolls to his side with a moan. He clasps side. He sits up, open pack and takes out dried snake and eats. Small stings speckle Spear's body. He rubs hands over the cuts and nicks. 

,,Jan," says Spear. "Do you have the bar salve?"

Jan pulls out another bag, opens the bag and pulls a bar of salve from the bag.

,,Thanks." Spear takes the salve and rubs in over the bloodless cuts long rinsed with swamp water. He clenches jaw when rubbing a deep cut on the forearm.

The cuts stings fade with slow wipes of salve over cuts.

Spear sets the salve on the its bag next Jan as Jan stitches Kirra's cut under eye.

William looks at Myst. ,,How do you feel?"

,,Good," says Myst. "Was hit. A few acid burns. Feel." She looks over body. "My body feels fine." She sighs, "My mind is..."

William nods. He opens back and pills out a wet sack. Apples, dried beef and some bananas rest wet inside. puts the sack in the center. ,,Wet." William says, "There's beef and apples for anyone." He takes an able and some dried beef and crawls over near Myst. He gives her the apples.

Myst smiles and takes the apples. The stare at each other and around and eat.

Minst, sitting and reading his spell book, leans and grabs two apples. He shivers. Small bumps rise over chest. He moves his shaking hands in arches and circles while looking of the runes of the book pages. His teeth chatter.

,,Cold," says Kirra. She pulls from her pack her beer mug and sets it on the sack of food. "It's full of water. Please." She looks around to each.

,,It is the season," says William. He takes the mug, says, "THE MAGIC WORD" and drinks.

Myst swallows apple bite. ,,Better than a dragon's lair."

All nod. 

"I hope Carlos is not in pain," says Myst.

,,I feel the eggs are safe," Jan puts away soap, needle and thread. "But Carlos I do not feel." Jan grabs the salve bar. "Anyone wish to clean and numb wounds." She sets the pack with the salve by the bag of apples and dried meat.

William sets Kirra's mug on the bag.

Myst grabs the salve. ,,Thanks, Jan." She grabs Williams forearm and pushes up the leather padding and leather sleeve beneath. "Maybe you should wear the gauntlet on the hand?"

William smiles then tenses as Myst rubs a piece of cloth deep into the cut then clenchs jaw when she scrubs the salve bar over wound. 

The cut becomes numb. 

William eats and watches Myst. ,,I hope Shake is in a better place than we."

Myst looks up at William. ,,Yes, I pray."

Buckey slowly breathes. His chest slowly rises and lowers.

Kirra yawns. Then stands with sword in hand. ,,I will watch from the swamp."

Spear swallows. ,,No, you sleep." He stands with sword in hand. "I shall."

Kirra nods. ,,Very well." She sits, unrolls bed roll and stretches out.

Jan sits next to Kirran in lotus with back straight and palms on ground. Her eyes are closed and chest raises and lowers with soft breath.

Minst looks up from spell book. ,,I will remain awake for a time." 

Spear points to the book. ,,If you get lost in that."

,,I can still hear and feel," says Minst.

,,And scream," says William with a smile no one sees.

,,Yes, and scream," says Minst. 

Spear kneels on one knee holding sword with hilt up and tip pointing to the ground. He peers through the dark seeing varying shapes of darkness sway with the cold wind. ,,The scream you may." Spear lays on back over the mud and rock. He lays sword on side, closes eyes and breathes in and out focusing away from the pain in the side of his chest.

Myst sighs. She hugs William. ,,We are we," says whispers to his ear.

,,Here with me," says William.

They separate.

Myst unrolls William's bed roll and speads it open while on knees. She puts her bed roll at one end. ,,Let use mine as  a pillow. Your's has a better leather seal on the bottom."

William nods and lays down with Myst. They hold each other and sleep. Myst's eyes peer across the water adn through threes intot the darkness. She focuse upon the stars then presses eyelids shut and whispers, ,,Reighn?" William's guantlet covered hand presses Myst closer.

The cold wind blows. 

Minst shuffles the contents of his large sack and unrolls his damp bed roll around his shoulders. He reads and moves hands with waves of symbols flowing and flashing in mind. He looks over the large sack and pulls to surface four small sacks.

Cicada sounds buzz silent. A loon cries through the night. Wind ripples
of water lapse the edge of the rock. 

Minst looks over shoulder and side to side. He closes his spell book, and folds it flat then slides it between the folds of the elven mail. He pulls the unrolled bed roll tight around shoulders. He stares over the water speading to the pond. He closes his eyes. 

Shapes and colors flow and explode. 

Minst falls asleep.

Minst wakes in water. His arms and legs splash and kick. Water sucks into nose and mouth. He gasps. 

Arms wrap around Minst and hold his head and shoulders above water. 

Minst presses feet into mire below the water. He coughs and chokes. And looks around.

Sun light shines upon Spear. 

Spear stands on the hammock with hands resting on hips. His chest settles from the last throws of a laught. His smile remains. ,,IT'S CALLED KEEP WATCH."

Minst stands and pushes away from William. ,,It's called RUDE."

Shadows caste over the ground. Bugs buzz and swamr and fly in twists and turns over the swamp water. A flock of white birds flock perched on tree tops.

Myst and Jan wake up. 

Jan sits up and stares at Minst then over the water. She stands and dives into the swamp water.

Myst, at the sound of Minst hittin water, rolls over and sits up fundling for mace handle. She blinks then sees William grab Minst shoulders.

William steps to the hammoack and stands near Myst. ,,Be in comfort Minst, Spear has done that to me."

Kirra tightens pack around shoulders. ,,We best begin our journey North."

Minst slops to the rocky mud. He nods. He wipes a dead piece of grass from face and coughs. He steps to Spear and looks down at Spear. ,,Please forgive me for my profound error in believing your instincts were great enough to feel the enemy approaching."

Spear stars up to Minst. He nods. He laughs and sheaths bastard sword behind back and steps and splashes into the water. 

Buckey, knee deep in water, eats grass.

Myst picks up the sack of apples and meat and pulls out an apple. She grabs William's water skins and drinks water. She shakes her cloak and attaches her bed roll on to her packe then latches pack on back and holds mace. ,,Ready." She takes a bite of an apple and chews.

,,Least you didn't wet my sack and bed roll," says Minst. He puts sack around unders shoulder and arm and around head. He attaches his knife and slides hand between folds of Elven mail touching the edge of his folded spell book.

Kirra picks up Jan's staff. ,,Ready."

William looks at the dead goblins leader. It's naked body lay next to William's armor. 

Williams armor attaches piece by piece with a rope. 

Kirra points at the dead leader. ,,Could help wind favor with the goblins?"

William nods. He looks at Buckey. Then at Kirra.

Kirra nods.

Spear stands over the bundled armor. ,,Not dents and it shines like new."

,,And is light as a feather." William kneels by the dead goblin leader and pulls off its chain mail haubergeon and slides the haubergeon over head letting the chaing links hanging over shoulders, chest and back and to hips. He slides arms through the sleeves of chain links linked to elbows.

A smell of feces and rot fill William's nose. 

,,Stinks he says." William whistls and clicks tongue in mouth.

Buckey raises head and sloshes through water and stand by the edge of the hammock.

William lifts the platemail and lays in over the back of Buckey. He ties the robe linking the platemail pieces to the harness then rubs the brim of Buckey's nose and under chin. ,,Thank you." 

Buckey nods. 

Kirra steps into the water and Sper follows.

Minst steps and slides into water finding balanced footing.

Kirra and Spear wade North East for the water. 

William, Buckey, Myst, Minst and Jan follow. 

A cool breeze blows grass and ripples water. 

,,What shall our path be?" says William.

Spear looks at Kirra then back to William. ,,North East. Along the shallow of the lake until."

William nods.

Myst grabs Willimas un gloved forearm. She pulls back the leather sleeve. ,,The wound." She says, "It's healed."

William looks at forarm.

A white line against the tan skin marsk the path of the cut.

,,It's healed," says Myst. 

,,You," says William.

Myst shakes head side to side.

,,It's the glove," says Minst. "Excuse me, the guantlet. It's powers go beyond projecting a large fist."

William looks back to Minst. ,,Powers. What poers?"

Minst shives with a gust of cold wind. ,,Healing and speed." 

William nods and looks forward lifting the guantlet before face.

Kirra looks forward. They follow Kirra as Spear wades to the rear.

They walk sloshing and swooshing through waters and between the grass and trees spread sparce across the plane of water. Hooves and foot sink and pull the mire bottom.

The plane of water spread from the trees and grass to open area. Sunlight reflects in twinkling sparkles of light. The shadows from trees stretch their distant on to the opening body creating dark lines of the light.

The breeze calms and gusts of warm. 

Minst shivers and glances back at Spear. The mesh of elevn chain mail holds small beads of water.

Spear swats neck smashing a mosquitoe. William, Kirra and Myst slap arms and neck. 

Each in turn swat necks, cheeks, foreheads and arms, any open skin, striking
mosqiutoes.

A goblin scream echoes. Distant klinks, cracks and war cries follow the echo. 

The smell of campfire smoke blows over the companions.

William looks back at Spear. Spear nods and looks left to the lake. ,,Kirra," says William in strict and hush tones.

Kirra's head snaps back. She places index finger verticle before center of lips.

William nods. 

The sun rises. The shadow shrinks.

Snakes slither across the water top. Birds fly around the tree tops diving to the water, snarring snakes with beaks, then flying away to a distand nest.

The mire deepens as the water lowers. Grass and trees sparcely growing. Tree root poke from water. 

They walk sloshing, sloshing, sloshing along. 

They slap arms, shoulders, cheeks, foreheads, necks, arms and legs the wade through the water. Their stare into the oblivions of what is before.

They sweat. 

Kirra slows lead walk and passes around her beer mug allowing each to drink and move on.

The tink and clinks and bang of distant metal clash settle below the cicada buzz then fade. 

There is a shout that become a scream then a chorus of screams.

,,That sound is close, Buckey," says William.

Dense smeel of smoke spread and covers the smell of William's chain mail. 

The sun rises, but the darkness covers from the thickening trees and grass and vines. 

A thin haze of what mist and smoke hoover over the water's surface.

The mired deepens and the water lowers to top of feet and hooves.

Distant grass sways and plants sway. 

Kirra holds an open palm behind and crouches low. She slide dagger in sheath and grabs bow and slides and arrow from quiver.

William lets go of Buckey's reigns, crouches and wades near Kirra. 

The plants swish and sway. Ripples spread from the distant grass and broad leaf plants. 

Kirra hears splashing and gurgling. 

Grass is pulled into the ground. 

,,I can't see that far," whispers William. "But I can hear splashing."

Kirra nods. 

Spear, Minst, Myst, Jan and Buckey step to Kirra and William.

Spear kneels behind kirra and William. ,,Somethings making a fuss."

,,A trap," says William.

Kirra shrugs and nods. She points to her self then forward and points at Spear and points forward. Then she points to everyone else and to the sides behind trees and plants.

William nods, grabs Buckey's reigns and walk behind a thicket of bald cyprus. William slides sword for scabbard and peers between trees. 

Myst follows and crouches and leans back against tree.

Jan and Minst slip and slide off the path to a tree growth on the opposite side. 

Spear and Kirra split and step throw thick grass and trees leaving no sound or ripples. 

A splash and ripples of water flow from grass and trees and then around Kirra and Spear's feet. 

Kirra looks at Spear and Spear Kirra. 

Kirra points foward and closes fist.

They run splashing through water closing the distant between them and the shrug and thicket. 

A goblins, missing an arm, bursts from the brush and falls into the water. It looks behind and runs between Kirra and Spear.

Spear stops and runs at the goblins. 

Kirra runs past and into the thicket letting loose and arrow.

The arrow flies blind thround grass and broad leeaves and into a tree trunk.

Kirra slips bow shaft and string over and and shoulder and pulls out knife and short sword, jumps and slashes.

Blades of grass and leaves float to ground. 

Spear splashes toward the goblins. 

The goblin runs toward the companinions looking forward like a hypnotized puppet returning to the mesmerist.

Spear reaches and grabbles the goblins by the neck and lifts the goblin from the ground. 

It screams a peircing cry pushing a sound dagger into Spear's mind.

He sheaths swords on covers its mouth then flex muscles holdig still its body and limbs.

Kirra sits still and lets the water adn brush settle. She looks through the brush and under the brush using the tip of short sword to move leaves and grass. Hearing and seeing and smelling and feeling nothing, she walks to Spear.

William, Myst, Buckey, Jan and Minst walk against the edges of trees. Each looking behind and to the sides as they approach kIrra, Spear and the goblin.

The goblins squirms and tries to push free.

William points tip of sword to head of goblin. ,,A new friend?"

Spear snarls. ,,A soon to be dead frined." He grabs the goblins head.

,,Wait!" says Jan walk stepping near Spear. She looks at Spear and they stare at each other. "Wait." 

Jan smile and looks at the goblin.  

The goblin's big black orb eyes stare at Myst. 

Jan smiles. Jan's voice becomes a series of clicks and clacks. 

The goblin settles in Spear's grasp and moves mouth in fluid flow of sounds that sound more like popping knuckins and whistles than words.

Jan nods and breaks the flow of sounds from the goblins with a burst of snaps and cracks and whistle and mummbling.

The goblins nods and points left and right and behind and front while snapping and squeeling and grumblins a calm stream of sounds.

Jan nods and adds a few goblins words between the pauses of the goblin talking.

The goblin points to William. It's eyes open wide and mouth spreads. It nods.

William swats away the goblins point hand and finger. He looks at Jan. ,,What's that THING saying about me."

Jan, looking at the goblin, nods and continues speaking with it. 

The goblin stops talking and relaxes in Spears arms and stares at William.

Jan looks at William. ,,Strat believes you to be a chosen one."

,,STRAT," says William. "That thing." He says point to Strat. "Has an name."

Jan nods. ,,The goblins and hoblins are fighting. Their leader killed in the layer. The hobgoblin wearing the armor of their leader. There is now fighting in the tribes to return to the Shaman with as many leader's heads."

,,Choosen one?" says William.

Spear laughs and Myst smiles.

,,The goblins attacked the dragon to protect you," says Jan. "The reason feels to be beyond you believed to kill the leader. It feels, I since, the are overcome by awe. And awe I would call religious influence." She smiles. "A blind love without true questioning."

,,The shaman?" says Kirra. "What is the shaman? And what is..." Kirra pauses. "What is Strat so far from its tribe. And in the water no less."

Jan looks at Strat. She cants off gutteral sounds and clicks and clacks. 

Strat nods emphatically and stares at William. Then looks at Jan and talks fast flow of sounds. Strat stops.

Jan nods. ,,The shaman is their spiritual leader. She is the reason for the tribes coming together. Their leader, the one killed, was bonded with the shaman. I feel the shaman is the true leader." She looks at Kirra. "Strat was running away from a battle to the East."

William nods. ,,Why should we believe that thing?"

,,Because it has no reason to lie," says Myst. 

,,Unless to set up an ambush for its tribe," says Spear.

Kirra steps between the goblins and Jan. ,,Goblins."

,,I feel it to be the truth," says Jan. 

,,Should we be standing around," says Minst. "If Strat is here then who else will be here or is here."

Kirra nods. She pulls out a knife and presses it against Strat's throat. "Agreed."   

,,WAIT," says Myst. She pushes back Kirra's hand and blade from Strat's throat. "Why do we need to kill Strat?"

Spear and Kirra look at William.

,,It will reveal our direction and location to its leaders," says William.

Myst tugs on Spear's arm trying to pull it from Strats neck. ,,I will not stand and allow you to MURDER this being."

Spear peers at William. 

William pivots head side to side and exhales. He lowers voice and says with soft tone, ,,Myst."

,,NO," she knees Spear in the balls. 

Spear growns, loosens arms.

Myst pulls forarm away form Strat's neck.

Strat falls to the gound and slashes into the water. 

Spear reaches for Strat.

Strat looks up at William and bows then stands and closes eyes while speaking.

Myst grabs the goblin and pulls it to the side. ,,Don't."

,,It's a goblin! Myst!" says William. His jaw clenched. 

Buckey whinneys.

Kirra stares at Myst, Strat then William the walks North.

Strat steps back with Myst while starring at William and speaks and points North.

,,Kirra," says Jan. "Wait."

Strat stops talking and looks at William.

,,Strat says North and to the East is too dangerous for William to travel." She holds back a grin. "He wishes his Lord to wait until the tribes to finish their warring before travelling North."

William look at the goblin then Jan then Myst. He looks and steps sloshing through the mud and water saying in wake with water ripples. ,,I'm not taking orders from some scum goblin. No matter how truth it may or may not be."

Buckey follows William with a bluster.

Kirra looks at Jan. ,,No food to wait here. West is an open swim. South is filld with goblins."

Spear nods.

Jan shrugs. ,,If it is my fate to die in this swamp then I will die no matter where the life begins anew." She steps with staff leading the way behind Kirra.

Spear peers at Strat. ,,And what about our little friend."

,,Ask Myst?" says William above the sound of his slashing walk.

Spear looks at Myst and relaxes his body. ,,I know. But we can't let him..." His voice trails.

They stare.

Myst slide hand between folds of elven mail touching the edge of spell book. Then smiles. ,,Why not tie his hands together and muffle mouth?" 

Spear softly shakes head. ,,If it endangers us. Then I kill it." He walk away.

Myst's tense face relaxes. ,,JAN," says Myst. "I need to let Strat know to walk before me, stay silent and don't make any threating moves."

Jan stops, turns, speaks goblins to Strat and walks behind Kirra.

Strat looks at Myst and smiles and sharped tooth grin. He nods head and stands before Myst and looks
back at her. 

She points.

Strat walks.

Shadows shrink.

Sun beam shine. The light shines refacts twinkling sunlight beams from the water. The ripples from slashing legs and hoves and goblins claws spread and shake the twinkling sunlight beams.

A gust of cool wind pushes past the warm of sun from and smoke through the companions and Strat.

Strat leaves little ripple in wake. He steps silent and stares at William following William's path.

William walks with Buckey. He says, ,,Where's Shake?" He from right to left and left to write he pivots head and scans the brush, water, grass and vines and the depths of trees. His heavey footfalls splash and ripple and wave water. 

Buckey pulls hooves from mire and pushes hooves in mire. His head is low and eyes scen above the water. A buster follows a whinney. 

Kirra looks back at Buckey. She grips her swords and pushes aside the grass and steps over tree roots slipping feet in and out of the mire and water.

A bird flaps past to the West.

Kirra follows the path from the West. A few loons sing their crazy screams.

Spear steps to the right of Buckey and looks back at Strat.  Then he sees Myst. Then looks at Minst. 

Myst watch Strat walk.

Minst nods to Spear. He shifts the position of hugs sack from one shoulder to the next then lowers hand touching the top of dagger hilt.

Jan walks placing staff in and out of mire leading the step.

They walk through the grass, broad leaves, water and mire. They was over roots and between trees.

Their shoulders slumps. Kirra's grip on short sword loosens. Williams scan of the grass and trees becomes a stare forward. Minst shifts sack of components from shoulder to shoulder. Jan walks forward. Myst looks at Strat then William then begins to talk with Reighn. Strat walk with quiet ease follow William with eyes.

The air warms and the breeze clears of smoke.

Shadow shrink. 

The trees growth dense causing the groups strait path become a winding maze North. Vines and grass tangle and pulls agains legs, hands and waists and blocks sight until the next step around tree or rotted trunk.

Distant sounds of cries and screams flow all around with sounds of swords hitting armore and sword.

Strat looks back to Myst the forward. He walk back to Myst and pulls on cloak. 

Myst blinks and open eyes wide then looks down at Strat.

Strat mumbles a string of high low pitch sounds.

Myst kneels before Strat. ,,I don't know your words."

Jan stops walking. 

Kirra and Spear stop and look back at Strat.

Jan peers at Kirra. She waves her arms frantically and falls to the ground.

Kirra drops to the ground hollering the word, ,,AMBUSH!"

Spear falls to ground.

William ducks below's Buckey's rump.

Hundreds of darts and dozens of spears peirce from the grass and and leaves from the right. Darts fly around the tree behind  and fly around  Minst sinking deep into Buckey's head body and legs.        

A spear stabs into Buckey's neck. Its bloody tip drips blood before William.





