,,Why is that not Carlos,'' says Shake.

,,I see through the wall like it is a ghost,''' says Spear.

Minst peers. ,,I see the runes and shapes and reliefs of magic creating the illusion.''

William says near singing with Carlos's rhythmic pluck of strings over the banjo. ,,That is Carlos if not in body then is soul.''

,,Yes,'' says Myst. 

The crowd begins to clap around the windows. The clap spreads around the pack and to the back to the people stopping to see the crowd and hear the soothing sounds of Carlos's guitar pluck.

The strings sing with quick bursts rubbing the nerves. 

Carlos begins to throat sing

The orc behind Guile begins to sway hips and stomp feet with the clap. The orc hips hit Guile, and Guile steps in his own piss, but his mind is bliss trying to find and write the notes of sounds from Carlos's finger plucks and throat tones low and fast.

Myst closes eyes and lets the sound guide her body around the mass. She sings, ,,Carlos it be,'' and steps from the pack.

Spear sees Myst's step possessed with the dance step as he stands with arms folders. He peers to see clear around the people clapping and dancing. 

People with daggers and peers look through the crowd at gold earings, necklaces and loos pouches. Spear does see a human being wearing vets and coat take a pouch from a dance dope lost in the music of Carlos. ,,William,'' Spear says, ''As Spear sees Myst glowing Star of Reign illuminate Myst's path to the Shack.

The people dance and clap.

The pack spreads through the mass as William steps fast after Myst. Minst and Shake remains and Guile is over come with dance. 

The banjo and throat sounds create sounds to pound the ground until a common love is found in the strings of sounds binding all.

Carlos plays with banjo and throat; flute and whistle; verse and drum; poem and pick; group clap, throat singing, whistles and chants; a guitar solo.

The audience grows in mass and spreads to fill the top of the open area to the gate.  

Soldiers watch along the edges. Some stand and clap. A couple of drunk soldiers dance. 

The caravans queued to leave wait and watch as time passes with no loss.

The mass claps and stomps and jumps as Carlos plays strings of banjo from a song to a solo to silences. 

Claps thunder over the crowd.

The pack sans Spear cheer. Shake whistles. Myst sings tones like cheers and hoots. Willaim claps and strums his guitar quick as he and Myst stand near the rim of large window. Guiles slows his dance bounce and stomach stops its jiggle. Minst stands from his sway. Flare bops her head and watches the soldiers and theives walk the clapping and cheering mass.

Spear stands with arms folded watching a  human female wearing hide dress and rope with eyes to steal sight as hands steal a pouch and a jeweled knife;  an elfen male hiding tipped ears under hat and fingers unders long leather sleeves as clean as pure snow to hide the snacking of sacks and coins from pockets;  a hobogoblins with a hunch and rags for cloths and a stink of rot not get caughts takcing a pack from a warrior while two humans takes and trade with bumps and kisses.

The crowds claps and shouts clicks-clacks, surface talk, dwarven and songs and guitar strums. 

,,CARLOS, CARLOS, CARLOS...'' is chanted here and there and soon every where.

Shake shouts, ,,PLAY US A TUNE ABOUT THE SMALL SHIELD. OR A TALE ABOUT BRANCHING!''

Carlos leaves the woodend stage and walks past a beaded walkway from the crowd.

The crowd claps and chants. A few people along the edge walk away. Others step forward to take their place.

The wind blows away the steam rising from the crowd.

,,CARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOS!'' shouts a voice.

Spear sees the shouter: a soldier raising small shield and sword.

The claps and cheers calm

The pack searches for the pack. Spear looks at Flare, and Flare nods. Flare says, ,,Minst,'' with a slight click. Shake hears the click and sees Flare and Sprear and Guile. Guile stands leap and a rech between William and Myst as he stands alone with the mass sweating and staring at the stage beyond William and Myst. William and Myst. William and Myst push agains the rim of large window and againsth pressing mmass.

,,Watch your armor,'' say a hugoblins wearing overalls and a sweater. 

William says, ,,Sorry my friend.'' Music plays in his mind.

Myst is lost in silence feeling a calm bliss of everything. She hums but hears nothings, but feels all bright. She claps.

Then a clap spreads and smacks the clam. The claps is joined with a change of ,,CARLOS, CARLOS, CARLOS...''

William hears the clap and the chant and like being pulled from a charmed nap snaps to being and blinks away the sounds and the feeling of one. ,,Where are we?'' he says to self. ''this is fake. A lie.''

Carlos steps from the door covered with beads and steps to edge of small wooden stage for a bow. He remains down and low and creates a deep moan the rises and he stands. He thumps chest for a beat and taps his feet and stares at William and Myst.

William sees through the illusion, and Myst feel the creation projected over the planes to the stage and to Carlos.

,,It is Carlos,'' says Myst. ''If not in person then projection of his magical bing.

Carlos beings to sing with clicks and clack then suface rap of ,,Can't be bad if thought good. Never an adventure should. Trust a bard or a rich fat lard for they both can be bought by coin. And if you have a chance to parlance with Bard from a far. You best be ready to fight and know who you are.''

Carlos thumps his chest to create a low bass that few hear, but all feel. 

Myst hits her drum with Carlos's chest thumps. 

The mass claps with Myst and Carlos.

Carlos stops the thumps of chest and whistles his best to carrie with the wind.

Then Carlos's song is sung loud and clear with the crowd beat. ,,Kids seek adventure and danger. They will trush any stranger. To seek adventure of life. As kids they do not know strife. Their ignorance leads to a canyon to find a tale that will bind their fates as a pack. After they become one their ignorance is no longer fun. And the pack begins a quest of ignorance then enlighten by no chance of meeting a great bard. And though it be hard the kids playing becoomes a pack saying the talk and walking thewalk from the Westmore Canyon to Lyno to the Goblin Port. Now their quests has only be begun unless they are hung by the soldiers of the city. So the pack doesn sleep where the enemy will seek in their den and hearth.''

The pack stares, and Myst stops her drum tap.

The a few of the mass clap. Many step and tap the ground with feet away from the road and the shack of Rise and Set.

Carlos hums and slowly thumps his chest.

The clap slowly becomes silence, and the mass beocmes groups and groups and pairs walk way.

The image of Carlos on the stage fades.

The cold wind blows around the pack spread over the road and side walk.

It snows. Large white flacks flutter and twirl to the ground and melt.

Guile shivers and sneers. ,,And snow.''

The pack gathers by William, Myst and the window. 

Myst stares at the stage.

Spear says, ,,Not Carlos.''

,,Yes,'' says Myst. ''Carlos performed.'' She steps and looks at Spear. ''Where Carlos performed I do not know.''

Spear nod.

Shake steps and pees agains the wall below the window and looks inside. ,,Good illusion. Good enough illusion to be the one leading u all the way here to do the bidding of the queen or what ever person or being or creature is controlling things. Caste those illusions in Lyno. Covering up the goblins, so the goblins army can spread and surprise attack is the work of an illusionist.'' He pees and nods. ''Like Carlos.''

Guile pulls hood over head and over face. ,,Can we talk about the beauty of the performance near a fire and from a bath? And food. I want to eat food, not root or weeds or anything from a swamp.''

,,Yes,'' says Minst. ''I feel as Guile feels.'' Minst touches the spine of his spell book. Where to stay?''

,,It would seem Rise and Wane has not rooms or dinning room or service,'' says Wiliam smiling at Shake.

,,We find where Carlos is staying,'' says Shake.

,,An illusion.'' Spear glances at Shake. ''The song was a warning. We leave here.'' Spear looks at soldiers walking thorugh the crowd taking and pushing and pointing. 

The soldiers laugh and spread.

,,Yes,'' say William. ''We walk along the Rise road. If that was Carlos in soul and illusion then he knows where we go.''

,,Flare,'' says Minst as he puts his hands in pockets. ''Were may we sleep and eat and bathe?''

Flare steps along the sidewalk and glances at Spear. Spear follows near and grabs the hit of the war hammer.

The pack walks along the street to the Rise through the snow.

Cold freezes the sweat. Bodies shiver and bundle.

Peopls walk past and spread. 

A few window lights fade to black. Shutter close. Door shut.

Torch lights along the side walk around the open semicircle dim. 

Patrolls of two, four and eight walk between groups and around the disperse of mass. 

People stand around a line of pubs and bordellos. They stand from decks and under awning raise drink and blowing smoke. Laughter and shouts and bad impressions of Carlos humming. A few people clap and dance to the drums and guitars. People cheer.

The cheering becomes coughs and laughter.

The pack walks along the streets. Wooden and steel sign hang from rods and awenings.

The snow falls and melts over the streets. 

The building windows are dark. The street post flaming at tops dim to a faint flickering flame.

,,Where are we going?'' says Minst.

,,The Rise,'' says Shake. 

Guile looks at Minst. ,,Can the papers track?'' says Guile.

,,Do you mean can the soldiers track us by our papers?'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

Minst touches the spine of his book. ,,I beileve they can.''

,,A warning from an illusion that may be Carlos that we might be hunted, and the show ends, Carlos disappears and fades,'' Shakes clenches the vial in his Branching Armor pocket. ''We need a room.'' He looks at the signs.

,,Sleep,'' says Guile.

,,There are no rooms on the street. No hotels.'' Shake looks into the dark. 

Signs tops stack with thin snow. Pictures of needles and a ball of thread; bread steaming; a bowl; two swords crossing; a shield; a helm are etched over signs hung from awning and rods. 

,,We need a sign with a pillow and a bed,'' says Shake.

William smiles. He blows white breath. He stops and stands. ,,Where?'' He looks at Spear.

Spear folds arms and stands. ,,We return. Sleep at first place with room.'' He glances at Flare. ''Where have you slept.''

,,I don't sleep in the city.'' Flare looks through the dark toward the Rise. ''The desert and swamp offer more space.''

,,And what are we doing here?'' says William. He steps and pivots head. 

Myst strikes her drum. ,,We follow the song.''

,,The song,'' says Shake. ''What song?''

Guile pulls robe over body. ,,We follow the warmth and smell of food.''

The pack stops. 

,,The song. The lyrics. How?...'' Shake mumbles.

Myst hits her drum with the clap and hum of Carlos's last song the mumbles to surface talk, ,,...Where the enemy will seek in their den and hearth.''

,,DEN AND HEARTH,'' says Shake.

Sharp click and clacks echo along the street. 

Flare says, ,,We best move.''

,,What was said,'' says Shake. ''What? What?''

Flare looks to the Set. ,,They demanded quiet.''

William glances at Shake. ,,We take our talk and noise to the streets where our talk will be lost in the cheers and drunks.'' He steps and leads.

The pack follows. 

The snow falls and a white dust collects on the streets and walkways then become slush and water as they near the crowds and light.

A march of eight soldiers clomp and splash along the street. 

The pack passes a Security box painted red and black.

The black blends with night.

Night becomes bright as the pack steps ot he semi circles. 

Soldiers out number the people along the walkways and before the light and open bars, pubs and bordellos. Soldiers drink, sit and laugh. They slap and pulls aside a croup of farmers, a lone warrior. 

,,The Den and Hearth,'' says Shake.

,,Where?'' says Minst.

Snow falls.

Shake stops and stand as the pack walks form the street. ,,The illusion is created by this Queen that may be William's very great grand mother to get us to go Den and Hearth.''

Guile chuckles. ,,That. That...'' He shives and jaw chatters. ''That's true.''

Myst stops and looks at Shake like a mother looking at a child. ,,No illusion wizard could sing the song and create the bliss and wonder that we witnesses.''

,,Minst,'' says Shake. ''That true?''

Minst grips pocket and stomps feet. ,,An illusion that good would need knowledge of the Carlos, ability to play all the instruments and sing.'' He looks at Shake. ''One could, but...''

,,Food, sleep,'' says Guile. He walks from the pack toward the Section Box.

Two soldiers stand staring at Guile. One clicks and the other clacks.

Flare jogs to Guile and clicks and clacks back. She grabs Guile's shoulder.

The two soldiers laugh. One pulls a sword.

,,No,'' says Flare. ''We go.''

Guile pushes away and stands.

,,They are controlled by Stick,'' says Flare.

,,Stick,'' says Guile.

,,We go. I will explain,'' Flare steps and looks back.

Guile stares and steps with her.

Flare looks at the pack standing cold on the road. ,,We go...''

Flare and Guile walk to the pack and the pack walks into the semicirle.

,,Could it be a cross road llike Rise and Set?'' says Minst.

,,Too tired to think,'' says Shake. ''If not a soldier to ask then.'' Shake looks at the teams of wagon trains lined to leave the city walls. ''Them.'' Shake touches the tip of the speed of vile and squeezes a  drop to finger. The zing and buzz spreads. The world opens, and Shake says loud near a shout. ,,WERE IS DENADN HEARTH.''

His voice echos through the alleys and spreads, fades.

People look, glance. The talk and loud bar talk quiets for a time.

Soldiers stop their march and point. A group of eight standing around three farmers toss a basket to the ground and jog toward the pack.

,,Now they know where we be,'' says William. He grabs Shake's Branching Armor and jerks him. ''We go.''

,,We can't,'' says Flare. ''They will track us.''

,,Drop the papers,'' says Shake. ''And run for the tower.

,,The will find us,'' says Flare and steps toward the soldiers.

Shake looks at Spear, William, Myst then all. ,,Lets go. Now. Right now. Longer we stay them longer they will track us.'' Shake glances from the pack to the soldier's of eight. 
 
The Sodliers of Eight march to the pack. 

Shake looks at all. ''Now while we know and they don't.''

The soldiers of eight march to the pack. The lead soldiers clicks and clacks.

Flares tongue, teeth and lips click and slick a tone. She glances at Shake then looks at Spear, steps and walks to the soldiers of eight.

,,We go now,'' says Shake. ''Leave Carlos. Leave the servant of Blue. Leave the soldiers. Go to the tower. And meet our fate.''

Myst looks to William. William looks at Myst. 

,,Yes,'' says Guile.''We go now.''

,,Do you want to go now?'' says Myst.

,,Now,'' Shake steps.

,,Shake,'' says William. ''We rest one night, Shake. A bathe.''

,,Spear,'' says Shake. ''You don't need a bath. We need a fight.''

Spear glances from Shake to Flare.

Flare stands with small shield strapped to back, sword in scabbard.

The soldiers stare and flare. Each hold their small shield and short sword. One of the two soldiers leading the two by four maching line clicks and clacks. It pulls a paper from pocket and give it to Flare.

Flare grabs the paper, bows head and steps to the pack.

,,Flare remains,'' says Spear. He watches the soldiers and Flare.

,,She's. With. Blue.'' says Shake. ''Guile, we go?'' He steps toward Rise and Set and the road.

William steps toward Shake. ,,One night of a bathe, food and a bed. Fresh water.''

Minst touches the spine of his spell book secuered under folds of armor. ,,Tea. Bread.''

,,Shake,' says Guile.

Shake points at Guile. ,,Not you too.'' He steps back and raise arms. ''We are farmers, warriors. Heroes.'' He lowers arm. ''Bread, water and bed.''

Foot stomps stop Shake's stare and talk.

Flare steps into the silence.

Shake steps, bows. ,,I will report what is in the tower.''

William clenches fist. ,,Shake.''

,,We must leave the area,'' says Flare. She looks at Shake. ''We have to report for judgement by the section soldier at the zenith of Rise.'' She looks to all. ''The Den and Hearth is along Wall Road.'' Her lips and tongue creates clicks.

,,Shake,'' says Myst. She humms soft.

Williams clenched jaw releaxes and guantlet fist opens.

Myst lets the hum create the words. ''Shake. Come to the Den and Hearth to help us know if Carlos is real.''

Guile steps toward Shake and pivots to stand with Shake.

Shake looks at Guile standing by his side then at William standing before him.

The snow falls.

The people clear. Wagon wheels roll over stone. Hooves clop stone.

,,One night,'' says Shake.

,,One night,'' says William. 

Myst smiles. 

The pack steps toward the Set. It walks through the open space. It steps on spots of snow over the colds hard stone. It is lead by Flare as Spear walks behindd her.

Flare leads...

Puddle slash. Window blows.

Animals chained to wagons kick hooves as they stand. They bluster and creates clouds of steam.

The farmers and herders and workers stand by wagon teams.

A wagon train team rolls into the Wane opening of the gigantic door. The wagon line stretche from gigantic door along the Wall into the distant darkness.

A few street torces smoke. A few glowing globes dim, but still hover.

It snows.

Shutters and windows are closed. A few people stand or sit before dim lite bars and pubs.

Soldiers stand unders roofs of Section boxes. 

Post and sighns are lite by small glowing globes on top.

Flare leads along the street.

,,Den and Hearth,'' says Shake. ''Den and Hearth. Den and Hearth...''

William sighs. And Guile shivers.

Flare walks under an awning above wide windows on the sides of a skinny, short oak door. Flare stands. ,,Den and Hearth.''

Den and Hearth is a wood building  as tall as the four level buildnings of the block, but has five levels and is shorter than the width of a wagon from tongue tip to tailgate. The first level, the ground level, is encased in a stone veneer and has one door between two windows that are shut and dark. With a lift of an Arm, Spear reaches to touch the bottom of the awing that is also the floor of one fo four baconlyes leading to a door between two windows. Light shine from the top windows. Laugter comes without. A sign above the door before the pack reads Den and Hearth.

,,It's a short hotel,'' says Shake. ''Makes me feel big.'' He raises on tips of does and presses hot of head agains the door top.

,,Dwarven hotel,'' says Guile.

,,Interesting,'' says Minst. ''I guess I don't much think about how everything is built for...'' Minst shivers and lets his voice fade. ''I am ignorant.''

,,You are no loger ingnorant,'' says Guile.

They stare. 

William raises his guantlet fist and lowers fist toward door.

Shake reaches and puts plam before the guantlet fist and door. ,,Wait!''

,,I'm going to knock for service,'' says William.

Shake lowers voice and glances at two soldiers stumbling long the street; a soldier sihlouette stopping at the top of Wall. ,,We sneak to the top. See if Carlos is in there.''

,,How do you-'' says William.

Shakes stops. ,,Queit.''

William knocks on the door. ,,I won't go sneaking around when we can present ourselves.''

Light shines around the shutter widdow toward the Wax.

Shake and William stare.

Locks rattles and the door shakes.

Shake steps from the door, William and the pack. 

A slot on the door opens.

A winkled face and gray beard is framed by the slot.

With tongue, teeth and lips, the dwarf clicks and clacks and smacks a series of sounds. His face crinches and lips spit. 

The slot in closes.

The pack stares.

Flare says ,,We are to leave. Or we will call the patrol. They are closed.''

Guile says, ,,Gloud gline.'' 

The slot opens. 

The wrinkled face and gray bread scowls and says, ,,Gloud fline.''

Guile pulls back his hood. ,,Dritlatin Han Lin. Flatrick.''

The wrinkled face and gray breard lowers thick white eyebrows. ,,Handril.''

Guile lowers then rises head. ,,Hern.''

The wrinkled face peers and nods. 

The door rattls and metal slides along metal. The door opens.

,,Carlos is waiting for you,'' says wrinkled face and gray bread.  The gray beard lspread braided are around neck and shoulders and a vest with a pleated ruffle tie collar and puffet white shirt sleeves around neck and arms. The untucke shirt hanging over leater trousers.

The door opens.

Candle light illuminates a room with bookselve walls, a hearth with chairs and stolls with books folded atop place about the rooms floor covering rug. Fumes of sage flow in the air and great the pack as the peer into the room. The warmth welcomes them by heating the cold skin and melting bits of snow of shoudlers and heads.

,,Gregor,'' says the wrinkled and white bearded man. ''Surface talk name is Gregor. Please come in.''

,,Thank you,'' says William. ''We will try to be kind to you carpet, but I am affraid we have quiet a mess on our boots and cloths.''

Gregor steps from the door and poinst at the edige of the wood floor before the large carpet covers teh floor. ,,Stand there. Don't sit.'' Gregor clears thoat and coughts, grabs a candle on plate on stand near door. 

,,Yes,'' says William. He looks at the pack, but does't see Shake looking back as he lowers head and steps into the room.

Shake climbs the side of the building between the one to its Wax. His fingers find gabs and spaces between boards. His feet press and grab and push Shake to the top.

At the bottom, The pack fills the front of the room pushing and jostling not to stand on the rub that spreads unders table, chairs, globes, maps, trays, book selves to the other side of the long room.

The long room of books is dark near the end blocking the night sight, the black and white sight and the magical sight of Minst.

,,I can't see beyond the dark,'' says Minst.

,,I know,'' says Gregor. ''And shut the door.''

Guile squeezes into the room and shuts the door.

Shake hears the door shut as he stands on the roof. His fingers hold the cold wet edge and stares down through light shining from two window onto the standing balcony before a door. 

Shake drops to balcony with silence and stands in the darkneess of the door between the two shining beams from the windows. 

Along the top of a the wall two soldiers mach in step to the Wane. 

Along the street below snow falls.

Shake looks through the windows.

Through the windows, a bright room with a bed, deaks, carpets, trays of food, couch with pillows and reliefs and cravings along the walks like a big cloud city of flying angles. 

Though the window Shake sees Carlos sitting in a Chair staring at Shake.

Carlos sits in chair and stares at Shake.

Guile slams the door shut feeling the rush of excitement from Shake as Shake sees Carlos seeing Shake.

Guile slows and pulls his robe tight around the cold at the back fo the pack.

The pack looks at the room and stares at Gregor walking with plate pinched with hairy fingers and holding a candle. 

Minst's numb fingers sting. Snot on Guile's snot dries. Kirra's cold body warms. 

Minst looks at the carpet, the hearth, the books the darkness.

The carpet is blood red from end to end and side to side bordered by gold thread.

The hearth is deep and tall to a chimney on the side of wall and center of stone semi circle.

The darkness is black to sight.  

Gregor walks into the darknees. ,I will go ask for the guest's desires.'' 

Spear focuses upon a tree.

Kirra thinks of Jan.

William listens, looks, feels for an attack. 

Myst is silent. Her eyes are shut while mind listens of a silent lullybye.

Guile hears, closes eyes and sees with Shake.

Shake ducks under the window and waits. 

He watches a globe glow and counts then rises slow above the window edge.

Carlos sits in chair and stares.

Shake looks and squints.

Carlos's eyes are blank and motionless.

Shake stares through window to side and nearly behind without shfiting body from shadow. 

Then Carlos stands and walks to the door. With each step, Carlos's stiff walk becomes a stride of a step that is Carlos. 

Carlos walks the long room to door and opens door. 

Shake can't see beyond Carlos. 

Carlos shuts door and stands.

Shake thinks in surface talk symbols, <Guile, you seeing my mind?>

>Yes,< sees Guile to Shake.

Shake thinks, <Carlos is an illusions. Carlos opened the door and closed it.> Shake lowers from window and the light shining through. He puts back against wall. 

Guile sees to Shake's mind. >Close eyes and sit and think of me and see what I see.<

Shake sits in shadows. Shake closes eyes. Shake sees what Guile sees.

Guile sees the smell of sage, the warm of fire not seen and the dim of the room through the gabs between the back and the fumes of piss and sweat and mud muck.

Gregor walks from the dark of dark and over the wide red rug and before the pack. 

Kirra, Spear, Minst, Flare and William hunch. 

Gregor walks to the edge of the red carpet. ,,Walk the stairs to the last door. Don't stop on your way to the top.''

,,Our boots are covered with mud and cloths will stain these books,'' says William. ''I wish not to stain.''

,,Remove the boots and watch the eblows and shoulders.'' Gregor pushes a table away from the hearth.

,,May I read books of Goblin Port?'' says Minst. 

Greogor lifts hands. ,,You may.''

Myst unhooks and pulls off boots. She unlatches cloak. ,,Gregor, were my I hang my cloak. 

,,The pole.'' Gregor pushes back a sofa chair. ''Behind.''

Myst puts the cloak on a pole behind. She lets pack fall from shouldrs to floor by boots. ,,I want to see Carlos.'' She steps on to the rug and by Gregor. ''May I help you with anything.''

Gregor looks from sofa chair to Myst. ,,No. No. A bit of room is needed.'' Gregor sits on the sofa chair and grabs a book on sofa chair arm and reads.

Spear, William, Kirra, Flare pull off boots. Spear removes Blue's Armor and stacks it by boots. William puts pack on ground by boots and removed Blue's Armor and shoulder, breast and hip plates of armor. Flare removes stokings from ankles and feet.

William's shoulder is red and stings to touch.

,,OUch,'' William says as Myst touches William's arm.

,,I will sit here by the door,'' says Guile. He sits by against wall near window. He looks through to see through Shake.

Shake sits with eyes closed. Cold covers, but the buzz of Speed warms. 

Guile hears Minst say, ,,I would like to wear a shirt and pants with no piss, sweat and blood.''

Minst pust component bag on ground and pulls laces of boots. 

Myst, Spear, William, Kirra Flare walk single file to stairs spiralling up and up. The crouch and side step up a spiral staircase with relief wood carvins along the walls. 

,,Like the Rose Quarter stairs,'' says Spear.

,,Lie the stair at Coal's,'' says William.

,,Like stairs,'' says Kirra.

Myst leads by one door, two doors, three doors, four doors then a fifth door at end of hall near a ladder that rises along wall to roof.

Myst says loud, ,,Carlos, it is Myst.''

,,Open the door,'' says Carlos.

Shake hears Carlos and opens eyes to see the night and rise in the shadows to peer through window. 

Carlos walks to the pack.

Guile sees through Shake.

Guile sees Myst step into room.

Myst steps into room and at Carlos. ,,Carlos,'' she says.

Spear steps past Myst and at Carlos. ,,You are a specter, a ghost.''

,,An illusion,'' says Carlos.

Carlos spins. ,,This is me far away.'' Carlos steps back and bows. 

,,An illusion,'' says Willliam. ''Now we can see you lie.'' He clenches fists and punches at Carlos's face. 

The illusion of Carlos ducks and spins and leaps back on to bed then flips to ground, slides to one knee and spreads arms. ,,It's me.''

,,You,'' says Carlos. 

Flare steps from Kirra by door and past William toward the balcony. She bows her head under beams to roof and hanging lanterns.

Carlos watches Flare pass. ''An ex-soldier.''

Flare opens the door to balcony.

Shake stands from shadows and steps to light into room.

Guile sees Shake step into room and closes eyes seeing a glimps of Minst and Gregor.

Minst reads the spins of book written with dwarven, click-clack and surface talk.

Gregor snores.

Guile sees and feels through Shake the warm of Carlos's room.

Carlos steps from kneel and rises to walk and stand before Myst. ,,You look like wise and travels.'' He looks at her drum. ''And a drum crafted the Gypsy Rat Band.'' He kneels. ''The threading. It is. It is.'' He stand and nods at Myst. ''Promise me you will tell the tale of how you were given that drum.'' He leans a bit forward. ''You have become a master muscian.''

Myst grins and her warm cheeks blush.

Carlos spins and points and stares at William's Guitar of Reighn. ''And never have a I seen a guitar with the golden string of reighn.'' It takes a master to play, but a master and that intrumental being has been told to create poetry.'' Carlos steps and look up at William. 

William peers at Carlos. ,,Flattery and good word will get you nothing after the lies you have told.''

,,Lies,'' says Carlos. ''What lies?'' Carlos looks at William then Myst then Spaer then Kirra.

Kirra doesn't see Carlos for Kirra climbs the ladder to roof. She slips through locked hatch to shadows over the roof. She watches people on other roofs blows smoke and stand; soldiers walk the wall; the snow fall.

The snow falls...

The snow falls through the hatch until Kirra closes the hatch letting the latch latch.

Carlos feels a shiver. 

,,Lies,'' says Shake. ''Lies. Lies is not telling some one that their greatest grandmother is an undead thing with a goblin army to take over all the surface world. Lies is making us believe you knew nothing of Branching, the goblins, the black dragon, the dwarven, Lyno, Goblins anything.'' Shake feels the Speed buzz zinging. He point finger at Carlos. ''You when real are an illusion.'' He lowers hand and points with lips with puckered you ''You are a liar.'' he stares.

,,Yes,'' says Carlos. Carlos lowers head and nods. ''Yes.'' Carlos looks at William. ''I owe William must to be sorry for,'' He looks Shake. ''But the facts you speak of are a few facts of a very long story that I didn't know where to begin.'' Carlos looks at Minst, Willam. He looks at Shake. ''Lies.'' Carlos nods. ''I may have lied in your mind, but I see it as a story to begin to tell you of your fate and show you a path to begin to ready to accept your fate and be ready to create a fate that will change time.'' Carlos stares from Shake, William, Myst, Spear. 

Flare looks at Carlos and the back.

Candles burn.

,,Fate,'' says Spear. ''Fate.'' He huffs and shrugs. ''Fate you created.'' He steps and sits on the bed. 

,,Fater to have a guantlet on my hand,'' says William. He steps and sit on a chair staining mud over velvet surface. He raises guantlet. ''Did you lose this? Did you make the sky sparkle?''

Myst's relaxed face and staring eyes tense.

,,Sparkle? Guantlet?'' Carlos steps to William and looks at the guantlet. ''Is that?'' Carlos peers from guantlet to William. ''May I?''

Shake shakes head like snapping from day dream. ,,And...And what about the undead greatest grand mother?''

William looks at Carlos. ,,You can see through you illusion eyes.''

Carlos looks at the Guantlet. ,,Yes, but I need to be close for I can't see sharp through illusion.'' He leans. ''It's the guantlet that the nasty black draon knocked from the hand.''

,,How did it fall off you,'' says Shake.

The illsuon of Carlos looks at Shake. ,,I made it.'' Carlos looks at the Guantlet. ''I made part. The other part was made by William's greatest grandmother.''

,,You two were lovers,'' says Shake.

William peers at Shakes.

Carlos chuckled. ,,We were, but I was more in love with her.''

,,What of the guantlet?'' says William. ''I want this curse of my hand.''

Carlos nods and peers at the wrist of the guantelt. ,,These are runes I copied from your greates grandmother.'' He puts finger along the runes of the guantlet and then nods at William's armor. ''Similar to the runes of your armor which are your greatest granmothers and etched by a mater blacksmith.'' Corlas traces runes along the guantlet. ,,These are me.'' He looks at William. ''They are curse or blessed. For you. For you it is cursed and blessed for this guantlet will never be removed from you body unless you lose an arm.'' He looks at William. ''It was my desire to destroy the guantlet.''

,,And you knew that the leader of the goblins had this guantlet,'' says Shake. 

,,Yes,'' says Carlos. 

,,And you knew that there was a black dragon in that swamp,'' says Shake.

,,Yes,'' says Carlos.

Shake grabs dagger and steps at Carlos. ,,If you knew why didn't you tell us? How much did you control? Are we pawns in your game? What are we to you?''

Myst looks at Carlos and sits on the bed next to Spear.

Flare sits on the floor.

Carlos stands. The illusion finger unpushes agains Spear's chest. ,,That black dragon was a young mistake of greed.'' His face sterns and stares at William. ''William. It was the black dragon that killed your father.''

William stares.

,,You killed my father?'' William stands and pushes Carlos's illusion back against the wall. He points. ,,You killed my father!''

,,No,'' says Carlos. ''That dragon your father. Your greatest grandmother killed you father.'' Carlos peers and stares at William. ''I was just an ignorant boy like you were thinking stealing and selling a dragon egg because I was color blind and couldn't become a miner like my father.'' Carlos's illusion pushes William back. ''Boy, don't tell me a story when the only story you have to tell is the one I have created for you.'' Carlose pulls on ends of vest and straightens his sash. ''Did I thinking you would going through the mountain, find Blue, go to Lyno and make it this far.'' Carlos smiles and relax illusion body. ''No.'' 

,,My father,'' says William.

Spear stands leaving mud stain on white cotton sheets. He wipes boot on yellow leather run and spits. ,,Carlos, talk.''

,,I am talking,'' says Carlos. ''And I will talk more. Where do you want me to begin?'' He looks at Shake. ''And end.''

,,The dragon egg to now,'' says William as he folds arms and clenches guantlet fist.

,,And the goblins army and the ghost leader that I think is you because you are,'' say Shake. He pulls knife. ''I'll stab the illusion.''

Carlos sighs, nods and sits on stool. He looks at the crowd. ,,I was living in the main vane of the dwarven kingdom. I was the youngest of a brood of dwarves that ran the racket...''

,,The dargon,'' says Shake. ''Begin with the dragon.''

,,Haven't you ever heard of a preface or a preamble or anything to prep a story.'' Carlos smiles and puts hands on knees. ''And you want to be Bard.''

,,Bard,'' says Shake.

,,Shake,' says William. He glares Carlos. ''Talk.''

Carlos pulls on edgs of vest. ,,I was working contract for branching and created the deal to get a dragon egg from a dragon far to the Rise along the vanes and caverns along the other moutians beyond the desert. Wanting to prove my worth beyond knowing people, I wanted adventure, so I too the Branching contract to deliver a black dragon egg. It tood season to find the dragon and another season to find away into the liar then out of the liar with a black dragon eggs.'' He raises finger. ''There were two other groups trying for the same egg only to become food for the dragon. They did help me. They distracted while I swamp through the secone entracnce bond.'' Carlos loos aover the back. ''Always remember dragons have more than one way out of their lair. Knowing that got me in and out of the dragon lair with an egg. Two seasons later a returned to Branching and sold the egg.'' He looks and stares with William. ''I had no knowledge of the dragon egg after it left my possession. I later only found that it was planted in the swamp that is known as Westmore Canyon after negotiations between a group of traders, that includes the Westmores, broke down. It was then that I was again hired, but by Branching and by the Were Vein, because of my travels, to help create and negotiate a deal with the council.''

Carlos looks from William, Myst, Spear, Shake and Flare then back to Wiliam. ''I was to meet with your greatest of grandparents, who was as radiant of light and life that her beauty capitivated even the staunchest of dwarves who believe beards and furry feet look good on a woman. Your greatest of grandmothers was the power of the relation and the negotator with our vein not in the name of the Council of Lyno, but for the family of Westmore. Your greatest of grandmothers had the grandest of visions for your family and for you grandfathers. Her desire was to forge an alligance with the dwarves and spread the Westmore name over the planes and across the desert to the shores of Waterdown.''

Carlos stands and walks to the hearth behind the stool and waves a hand before it.

Flames rise from the heath. 

He grabs a cup on the book shelf and drinks. ''It was the first meeting I feel for the beauty. She stapped talk with her grace and spread joy with her song and voice. I was smitted and an obeying love taken by her, and my youth lead me to believe her marriage or our love was under my control little did I know the negotiation and work with her would create the hate and war of today.''

Carlos hols the cup and drinks, swallows. ,,Food and drink.'' He looks over the pack starring. ''Food and drink. Would you like some food?''

,,Yes,'' says Flare.

,,Will it be real?'' says Shake.

,,As real as the floor you sit upon,'' says Carlos.

,,Food,'' says William. ''Food and water is desired.''

,,With the help of me and a group of dwarves and Westmores, lead by your greatest of grandmothers created a lone trading contract that would hope to strenght the wares sold from the were vein over the lands but alos exclusive rights to the were veins armor, weapons and tools. WE were to share warriors and armies to provide protection through the land and during that time the Westmores were half the power of the Trading Guild and Lyno's Council.'' Carlos drinks from cup, swallos and smackes lips. ''It was my idea to create the armor and the shield. The shield would be given to the Westmores and the Armor shared by the vein. But the fate of the people the main vane, the dwarven vane, the lyno council, all discovered the deals between the Westmore's and the Were Vain and both paid for their attempt to create a new dwarven deal.''

''The Westmores were ejected from the coucnil, attacked and force to limit the use to road not controlled by the trade unions, the Lyno Council and the familes.''

''You grandmother, not your grandfather, began the war to fight for control of the dwarves and Lyno. A war that lasted and lasts.''

''The were vane was forever foresaken and the cisterns filled with trash and the black dragon was dropped in the canyon near their vane and in the Westmore Valley. All of this was known by the Lyno Council, the Trade Unions and the few standing armies the other families hand. All begin to fight began.''

''I was shamed by furthering anger of all by creating this guantlet using runes by you greatest grandmother and the tools of THEDWARFWHOMADETHEARMY and steeling the scolls to give it power to help me fight the human husband of my love. As spells, casters and stolen love are caste only a curse can be created, and while the guantlet had the power to help me kill I was unable to wear the weapon for I am not a Westmore.''

Shake says, ,,If the guantlet needs a Westmore to wear the armor then why was the goblin leader we fought in the dragon den wearing and using the guantlet?''

William rages, makes a fist and punches thorugh Carlos into the stone hearth. ,,Lie.''

Carlos's illusion flickers, dims then glows. Carlos's lips move, but nothing is heard.

,,You have killed an illusion,'' says Spear.

Carlo's illusion speaks.

William moves his fist.

Carlos's illuiosn says, ,,There is proof that the with breading that the Westmore genes-''

William swipes fist thorugh the head of Carlo's illusion and the voice is silent while the lips move.

Carlos says, ,,William please listen to the story and show some restraint.''

''Restraint!'' William hits stone creating a crack. ''You tell me you killed my father with a black dragon. YOu tell me I am related to some goblin we killed earlier. You want restraint.''

Carlos stands. ,,I want to tell the story, and I want to hear the story.''

,,William,'' says Myst. Her voice sooths. ''Please let Carlos speak for we need to hear his words and story.''

,,If these indeed be Carlos and not the ghost William seen in the goblin tower.'' Shake spits on floor. ''An illusionist. It be an illusionist.''

William stares at Carlos's illusion.

The illusion flickers, waves, fades then speaks.  ,,After your greatest of grandmothers lost her battle and after her husband died she retreated to the tower on this island once called Westmore Hold, but then that hold was lost after the traderouts from here to the canyon were severed. The city was sold to pay for the war and controlled was given to the trade union at the time and the three other rulling trade families. The dragon in the canyon grew as did the swamp cutting of the Westmores from the Westmores. Because of fear, the keep and the tower and the walls of the castle were left to ruins. A few entered as the centries past, but never returned.''

Carlos looks at William. ,,And you greatest of grandmothers never seen again. There were always rumor that a ghost was seen or cries of the night heard, but beyond stories the facts where few. For centries attempts were made and for centries no on returned until the Group of 20 choose to close the castle.''

''Then time passed. I tried to help things before the disappearance of my love. I attempted to remove the dragon from the swamp, but lost the guantlet. I tried to enter the castle, but only found my self in the middle of the desert.''

''But it was in the middle of the desert in the middle of a city of goblins and gnomes.'' He looks at each of the pack. ''It was then I found out where your greatest of grand parents had gone.'' He looks at William. ''Your greatest of grandparents didn't die nor did she surrender or sign a peace treaty or become trapped on the other side of the mountain.'' Carlos nods at William. ''Youre greatest of grandparents left for the Rise to find an army to fight all those against her and the family. What I found.'' Carlos leans back.

Carlos drinks wine. ''I found an army. I following it march through teleportation portals to kingdom's far to the Rise along the far mountain range, where I stole the black dragon egg. There it seems goblins kin though a lower case were an accepted race. Towns, cities and small hamlets with humans, elfs, dwarves, orcs live with roaming tribes of goblins. it was in the roaming tribes of goblins that your greatest of Grandparents found an army.''

''After your greatest of grandparents left the castle through the tower she made her way to the Rise. She found confort in illusion and enchantment until it consmered her mortal life to become an illusion lich.''

Carlos looks at William. ,,She became undead, and her powers spread.''

''Seasons upon seasons upon season past and slowly the illusions were caste over the goblins to give the goblins a look of human and mate with human, elf, dawaf and orcs with both the goblins natural ability to adapt through genetic similarties with the magic and experiments. I found through lore more than fact or proof that the first of the experients were taken on personally by you greatest of grandparents having children that she then bonded and mated with goblins.''

William's jaw pulses.

Carlos looks at William and stares. ''William. They are not you kind. they are kin of what your greatest grandmother became. Not what she was. Before she married the life of undead as an illusion lich, she married her kin, her relatives, her people to the illusion of hobogoblins to create an army over the centries. The hugoblins off spring where cloaked with illusion as human or elf then  reveal their partners that they were hugoblins, who then repeated the cycle. Illusion and lies help then bring to gether all the goblin tribes. and offspring where hugoblins of one type or the others was the army the defeated the Rise to the armies. Cities, towns and hamlet changed, integrated until the hugolbins became senators, traders and rulers of the goblin tribes.''

''The mating and experimenting with goblins and life have not stopped. If you have crossed that desert to this city then you have seen the bones of the dead eaten by the mutations created by the Lich Queen. If you cross the walls of the castle you will find more beast twisted with breeding and magic.''

Carlos drinks.

The room is silent all stare.

Carlos clears through. ,,And now. Now the army is spreading. It has spread beyond the Westmore Canyon and you home. Before the snow arrives again the army will have spread to Waterdown. Armies are on the rise from the Wax and the Wane, but they like you, like people of the Rise have been living with this enemy for a long time. Now, William, your greatest of grandparents is lost in the desire for the Westmores to rule the lands and control the trade of the surface world to begin to take over and will against the dwarves.''

Carlos looks at William. ,,Now,'' He points at Willam. ''You. You William are the hope to kill the Lich Queen. Now is the time for you.'' Carlos looks over the pack. ''And this pack to stop the Lich Queen.'' Carlos pulls on the bottom of vest and drinks from a cup. He looks over the pack. ''You need to kil the Lich Queen.''

William stares.

Shakes pivots heard.

Myst closes eyes and focus upon the nots in Carlos's voice...

Flare looks at Carlos and at William, Spear, Shake and Myst.

Shake laughs. ,,Is that all Carlos the Barded Illussion?'' Shake stands. ''Why if that is all we need to do then why don't you come here to Goblin Port and we will go slay us a Illusion Lich.'' Shake looks at the pack. ''Better, why don't you kill the Illusion Lich? You know so much. You've been in and out of a dragon lairs then go find the Lich Queen, who you once loved, who you could probably convince you love her again because you are a brillant bard.'' Shake points fingers to self. ''WE are to do it.''

,,Yes,'' says Carlos. ''William is needed for I believe his heart true enough to ignore the whispers of the Lich Queen. And you, a group of seasoned warriors, can find away to get the city of Grandline across the desert and near the rim of Grand Mountains. It is the city at the mouth of the Endless Canyon where the Lich Queen lives. There.'' He leans foward. ''It is there you will find the Lich Queen and kill it. I feat only a kin of Lich Queen may complete because a kin of the Lich Queen is needed to shatter the phylactery in the center of the small shield that she Lich Quenn hold near and dear with that guantlet you have on your hand. 

,,How?'' Shake stumbles over words. ''How, why, you, you should steal it and bring it to us.''

,,Because you need to take me to Lich Queen.'' Carlos's illusion stands. He rubs his chest and exhales. ''You need to go to the tower and mount that teleport disk on the top of the tower. Then travel the desert following a map to arrive at Grandine. A-''

,,Quiet,'' says William. 

,,William,'' says Carlos. 

,,Be silent,'' says Spear. He sneers a stares.

Carlos shrugs shoulders and nods head back. He looks at William. His eyes read and face near fush. His stare soft and strong supportting the stare of William.

Williams's face is taut for every muscle is flexed. His guantlet fist is closed. ,,Lies.''

Carlos stares. 

Shake stares.

Guile sees and feels through Shake. Guile's body is sitting lotus with head lumped and eyes closed four floors below at the entrance of the hotel. His Rope of Reighn covering body like a dark smelly boulder.

Minst reads the spine of a book: The Castle, The Keep, The Tower. Minst pulls book from book case, steps to the wood an stone walls by entrance and sits across from Guile and reads...

Guile hears through shake four floors above to hear Shake says, ,,Lies.''

,,Sing,'' says Myst. ''Then I can hear if you lie.''

Candles burn. 

The pack stares. 

William glares.

Myst searches for a song with notes for her to help hear the truth in the tale told by Carlos or the lies told in the tale of Carlos, but hears nothing.

Spear feels the truth from Carlos's words.

Flare says, ,,I feel truth from Spear and Blue.''

,,Lies,'' says Shake. Shake stands and steps before Carlos. ''Lies.'' Shake lowers to stare Carlos eye to eye. ''How can you feel an illusion or creates a song from an illusion?''

Spear says, ,,What of the guantlet, and howe did the goblins find it near the dragon?''

,,The dragon Fllliop and I have been enemies for more seasons than I can count for reasons I understand. After word of you greatest of grand mother's left in disgrace I was caste from the moutain. Hoping to change. I wanting to help or know of the dragon and set it free from the Canyon.''

Candles burn. 

The pack stares. 

William glares and release taut face. ,,Where are you?''

Carlos says, ,,In a cave, watching two black dragon eggs while their mother searches for a new home.''

,,Fllliop and you are now friends,'' says Flare.

,,One can not be friends with a Black Dragon,'' says Carlos. ''One can be allies as long as one remember Chaotic Evil can not be trusted.''

,,And what want have you of a black dragon,'' says William. ''For one can not trust Carlos the Barded Dwarf to help unless Carlos the Barded Dwarf has some thing to gain.''

Carlos stands, bend back in an arch and lifts arms, yawns. 

Shake yawn.

Carlos says, ,,The black dragon is needed to kill the Lich Queen for the freshest of acid to destroy the dwarven steel that surrounds the phylactery in the small shield. The metal was forged to attach and cover the phylacery against the guantlet you have on you hand.''

Carlos stand and stares at Shake. He steps past Shake and walks to William. He kneels on one knee and stares with William sitting on chair. ,,The gauntlet has the power for your family. And your family are the family you know. Because while I may have crafted this guantlet I did not create it. Your greatest of grandparents did. As she has created the goblins and bread the hugoblins to command the goblin and hobgobin masses with illusion and lies. And it is with this guantelt that you will be able to defeat the Lich Queen and end her life and allow the goblins tribes to disperse and live amoung that land and not against it.''

William looks at Carlos. 

Flare says, ,,Killing this Lich Queen will not stop the goblins or end Grandline.'' Flare stares at the pack from the far side of the room. ''I have never been, but i have heard, and I have lived with the laws and the senate and courts will not fall because of a dead Queen.''

Carlos looks at William. ,,What Flare says is true. For Grandline and surrounding cities, including this city, have been controlled by golbins for many seasons. They have become one.'' Carlos stands and steps back and looks at William then Spear then Minst and at the back of Shake's head. ''With the Lich Queen dead the goblins will lose their idol, the illusions will fall.'' He steps back and looks at all. ''There will be war. There will be strife, but the war tribe will become tribes. The city tribes will remain. People will be hurt. Things will be bad.'' He pauses. ''But no more humans, goblins, elves, dwarves and all the mutants between will die.'' He steps back and looks at all. ''You will save lives.'' Carlos sits and lets shoulders slump. ''Song will be song about the Pack to took Back are freedom from zealots. It
 will be your Epilogue.''

The room be silent and calm. 

Snow fall around and is seen through all the wide and tall windows along the walls to the wax and Rise. 

Shake laughs, ,,Flare and William are in a way related?''

William stares and closes eyes. His cheekd quiver and eyes swell red. 

Myst feels William rage and confusion. The feelings burning and burshing from William to clash with her calm and silence. Their mind and emotion clase and strings play in Minst. She hums and smiles. 

The sound feels the room and sooths over the skin and muscles and minds. 

Even Gulie's throbing mind from the seeing adn feeling with Shake sooths to a cold glow the give pleasure to the pain. 

Guile moans and falls over. 

Minst says, ,,Guile.''

Guile feels Shake's mind skip time and stretche and break the energy spanning between the two. Guile falls to the folor, hits head and wakes with eyes opening wide an
d at a stare.

Shake watches the flames consume and burn the candle to smoke. ,,Lies,'' says Shake. ''Epilogue.'' The music of Reighn play course through mind pounding and thumping with Shake's speed life. Pauses and focus speed through his magic spun life. ''Lies.'' He hits head. ''And this sound.''

,,Calm shake,'' say William. He inhales deep and slowly exhales in near beat to the slow seep of hum from Myst's mouth.

Shake mummbles. ,,Can't be good when thought bad. No matter what we thing we've hand for being bad and believe a sad old man that isn't glad that he can't steal the s
mall shield with out the help of a lad that ins't glad to be told all his relative had are goblins because goblins be bad.' 

Carlos looks at Shake.

Shake sweat and quivers slight like a shake and twitch. 

Carlos peers at Shake with the pack.

,,Shake,'' say William.

Carlos steps to Shake and peers at his profile. ,,You're sick. How long have you been awake?''

,,LIES,'' says Shake seeing though Carlos. ''VANISH.''

,,Shake,'' says William.

Shake looks at Carlos. ,,Leave!''

,,Shake,'' says William as he sniffs and feels warm with the song.

Shake shakes and sweats and breaths and reaches for his vial.

The illusion of Carlos grabs the vial of speed from Shake's Branching Armor pocket between the beats of time. Carlos holds the vial before Shake.

Shake swings claw at the eyes of Carlos and hand at the vial. ,,LIES OF GHOST.'' 

The claw swipes through Carlos's head.

Carlos fades. 

The vial of speed falls, breaks, spreads.

Shake falls to the grounds and kneels and bends over small drops of speed.

William pushes from chair steps and grabs Shake. ,,Shake!'' 
 
,,LEAVE!'' Shake hollers and slips from William's grasp. 
 
Carlos steps from Shake. ,,You need help son. With a mind cloud in time you will loose control of you self.''  
 
Spear stands and steps to Shake. 
 
Shake licks the ground.

William garbs Shake and pulls head and shoulders from floor.
 
Shake's tongue hangs and stretches and head pulls away then hovers as all the strength, will, desire and life focus on the droplets of speed on the floor. The time slows from Shake to pull from William's grasp.

William's grasp dosn't clench or rip or crush as William's body tenses and flexes to pull Shake from the ground and the drops of speed.

The drops of speed give Shake a zing and the time to twist and slip from William's grasp and stumple crawl into the book case.

Books fall with candles.

Candle flames some and a few burn.

Shake crawls fast to a stand and spins toward William. ,,Leave me be. I will not quiet. I will not let this illusion lie to us, trick us to do its bidding William.''

,,Shake,'' says William. With the song in his mind hummed from the mouth of Myst, William inhales the worry of truth to Carlos's words and exhales calm. ''Shake.''

Spear steps toward Carlos.

The illusion of Carlos spins away and steps to the other side of the room. 

Shake points at Carlos. ''And scared of Spear.''

,,Shake,'' says Carlos. ''I wish only to inform, but Spear with his power and doubt may disspell these illusion and the force to grab a vial.'' Carlos steps by Flare then away from Flare. ''And there feels to be more than one who castes aside the magic weave unless spread though a magic being.''

And Myst still sings with a humm and eyes close. She grips her stare of Reighn and feels the warm and no calm. She questions soft and says, ,,Reighn let you sing the way.'' Her body sways while the people talk detached from the sense of the room.

,,Shake,'' says William. ''Please calm. Please.'' 

,,I'LL BE CALM WHEN HE'S GONE,'' says Carlos.

,,Shake,'' Carlos smiles and spreads with open palms. ''This is my room and Gregor is a friend who is probably waking from his sleeps as you scream and shout. If you want to leave. Leave.''

Below Gregor does wake from his sleep. He snots and shifts in seat.

Minst looks from book then to Guile.

Guile lays on the floor and sleeps.

,,You two are going to need to move.'' Gregor stands and waves arms and shakes hands at the front entrance area. ''All this mess has got to go. Your shoes.'' He pulls on a braid of beard. ''A mess.'' He steps to the darknes. ''A loud mess.''

Minst watches Gregor go into darkness then Guile, who sleeps on the floor. ,,Wait,'' says Minst. He steps and follows to the darkness and the stares and past four doors and to the

,,We'll leave,'' says William. ''We will leave.''

Shake and William stare.

Spear folds arms. ,,Fate.'' He huffs and looks at Carlos. ''Why the disk in the tower?''

As Spear asks the question of Carlos, as Spear and Shake stare and breathe, as Myst hums and speaks with Reeighn, as Flare watches in wonder at the scene, a knock is heard from the door.

,,Carlos,'' says Gregor through the door.

Minst stands behind Gregor as Gregor knocks on the door.

,,Carlos,'' says Greagor. ''Griyt licken top ino dunk.''

,,Hillo,'' says Carlos. The illusion wavers and fades as it steps near Spear then become whole again as it steps to the door. ''Glip.''

Gregor opens the door. 

Carlos bows.

And behind Gregor, Minst waves at William.

Carlos rises from bow. ,,If it wiould be no harm please speak the surface talk for not all these being can speak or hear our tongue of tradition.''

,,Yes,'' says Gregor. ''Surface talk.'' He glances around the room to Carlos. ''All are loud. Try living in a mountain for life where sound doesn't secape and fade only vibrate and shake.'' Gregor look at the candle on the foor and the burn spots on the rugs. He looks at the fallen books, the muds stains on seats and beds to CArlos. ''And who is on the roof? there is a puddle before the door. They need to clean it.''

,,I will clean it,'' says Carlos. ''And my friends and I will be remaining quiet.''

,,QUIET,'' says Shake. Shake steps. ''It will be more quiet for I will leave.'' 

,,Leave?'' says Minst. ''Where are we going?''

,,I'm remaining in the room,'' says Carlos. ''I don't know where you will be going. Unless your nosise wakes and upset the people below.''

Shake steps through the door and down the stairs.

,,Shake,'' says William. He steps to the door.

,,Wait,'' says Myst through her hum. 

Shake hears the song from Myst for an instant the that instant stretches and twists and speeds beyond. In a flast Shake is by Guile.

William hears myst hum of, ''Wait,'' and give pause.

Myst neigher feels her mouth speak nor now where she sits. Her mind flow blows with shimmering lights that feel to be around. A song spreads and twist with her humming words. 

William here the song and pauses the step after Shake.

Reighn sings with Myst to William, Shake and Guile with a faint voice to Minst. 

Reighn sings with Myst. ,,The Epiligue needs an end. Its fate will not bend.''

Minst steps down the stairs and through the shadows to the street level flow and to Shake.

,,Guile,'' says Shake. 

Guile snores. 

''Guile.'' Shake kneels, pokes Guile, moves Guile's robe hood, walks around Guile as between the span of another snore.

Minst steps down the stair and from the darkness.

Shake kicks boots and packs and picks up Gregors book an tosses into at the empty hearth. 

,,Shake,'' says Minst.

Shake jumps back, pulls knife and spins aiming a stare at Minst. ,,WhatDoYouWant?''

Minst steps back. 

Shake thin skin and bones clenches and tenses. Sweat drips from nose. ,,LeaveLeaveLeaveLeaveLeaveLeave...''

,,Stay,'' says Minst. ''I found the the castle and the tower we have travelled to enter may have riches any bard would love to spend on cloths and instruments.''

,,Lies,'' says Shake. He pushes Guile with foot. ''Guile...Guile...'' Shake glances from Minst to Guile, Minst to Guile, Minst to Guile.

Minst steps to the wall and to his back while Shake peers at him.

Shake says, ,,Guile.'' Shake grabs Guile's robe of Reighn and pulls. ''It's time for Speed and Haste. WeWeWeWe...'' He inhales and exhales slow. ''We can start new. We can play at Carlos's. No at at at Coal's Coal's. We disown the pack. We sing. We will.'' He pulls, hands slip. He falls.

Minst grabs his back and searches through the components grabing a piece of spong. He stand waves a ahnd towrds Shake, snaps fingers. 

The magic releif drawlines around Shake.

Shake slumps as he tries to stand then lays sleeping aginst the door of the hotel.

Gregor steps through the darkens and sees Shake and Guile sleeping and Minst standing over both.

,,CARLOS,'' hollers Gregor.

The shout spirals around the stares and through the door of Carlos's room. The shout shatters the silence and the stares around the room like a crystal vase hit by a hammer.

,,Shake,'' says William as he leaves the room and down the stairs.

,,Minst.,'' says Spear as he leaves the room and down the stairs.

Carlos yawns, sighs and follows with a slow step down the stairs.

Flare stares then pulls lays on bed and sleeps. 

Minst sings and prays with Rieghn.

Kirra, above, sleep as snow fall upon her not hearing the shouts nor feeling the cold only the calm as the snow falls.

Snow falls over the building tops, roads and awanings. A white sheet spreads over the city and the hotel where the pack sleeps, sit and stands.

William and Spear step to a stand as they stare at Shake and Guile sleeping and Minst looking thorugh his pack.

Gregor looks at William and Spear. ,,You not Carlos.''

A light shimmers and shakes and a flash spreads near Gregor.

Carlos appears by Gregor.

Mud stains red rug the wood floor and walls of the entrance, the white plaster of the room, the books. Books stains shelves and the egde bookcase. 

Blood, swat and mud stain the edge or rug, the stairs and relief carvines on the walls. 

''I am sorry for this mess, Gregor'' says Carlos. 

William steps to his armor and lifts it from ground and fastens armor to shoulers, chest and body. 

Gregor and Carlos look around the room. 

Carlos says, ''And the sub smoke tube from the hearth in my room is shattered and broke. The break didn't spread to the primary smoke tube.''

Spear walks to Shake and Guile sleeping on floor. He kneels. He looks at Minst. ,,Both underspell.''

Gregor looks at Carlos.

,,There's no fire,'' says Carlos glancing at Gregor. He looks at William's armor. ''I will fix it myself once I'm done convincing this pack to kill the Lich Queen, so the Senate of Grandling will can vote to stop the war for the golblins and hoblgoblin warriors won't be enchanted by illusion.''

Minst holds book and says, ,,Guile slept moment before Shake arrived. He's been reading Shake's mind. He may have lost his mind with Shakes. Shake has been using magic speed to hasten life and thought. I caste a spell to induce sleep.''

Gregor huffs. ,,Hate goblins as guests. Nasty. No matter how trained or wanted to be like hogoblin.''

,,I hate only soldiers stories because all tell of death,'' says Carlos. 

William yawns.

Gregor picks-up his book from ground and wipes blood mud from cover. ,,Did the mucsule swing the warhammar and break the sub smoke tube.''

Spear yawns.

,,No,'' says Carlos, ''The stoic one that looks like he was chiscled from granite punched the wall.'' 

Carlos nods. He pulls a pouch from pocket. He puts the pouch on the hearth. ''Give me back that which I don't spend.'' Carlos looks at Minst and raises voice, ''It is a good book.''

,,Have you read it?'' says Minst.

Carlos says to Gregor, ,,They will be remaining. They will be needing food.'' He looks at Gregor. ''It would be to honor.''

Gregor huffs. Gregor sits. ,,Food will be served during the Rise as that is the next food rotation.''

Carlos bows, steps back toward Minst, half-spin and step to Minst.
,,Minst,'' says Carlos.

Minst says, ,,Carlos, I read a good book about The Castle, The Keep, The Tower.''

,,Is that the one you hold,'' says Carlos. 

,,Yes,'' says Minst.

Carlos looks at Minst and glares to a stare with Minst. ,,It is good to see you. How are your offensive spells? Have you learned new sites?''

William says loud, ,,WE'RE NOT STAYING.''

,,I still have other guests,'' says Gregor. 

Misnt looks at William. 

Carlos looks at Minst.

William looks at Minst.

Spear says, ,,We sleep.'' He looks at Minst. ''If I lift Shake will he wake?''

Minst looks at Spear and shrugs.

Spear grabs Guile and lilts him over should leting Guile's stomach fat spread over shoulder. 

Fumes of piss and sweart fume.

,,Sleep,'' says Spear.

Minst looks at Spear's back and says, ,,I can caste a leviate and take Shake to the top. Then...''

Carlos raise a finger to lips.

William clenches guantlet fist. He inhales and slowly exhales.

Carlos yawns.

Minst yawns.

William clenches jaw and inhales deeps and exhales slow.

Spear steps into the darkness. ,,Sleep, William.'' He steps into darkness. ''Sleep.''

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back. He grabs boots, Myst's pack, boots and cloak. He steps to Shake. He looks at Minst. ,,Minst, can you levitate him without waking or disturbing? And place him on the bed.''

,,Yes,'' says Minst.

,,Blessing give to you,'' says William.

,,A saying of Reighn,'' says Carlos.

William steps past Carlos to the darkness and the stairs.

,,Good Set and better rise,'' says Carlos.

William walks behind Spear up the stairs.

Carlos looks at Minst. ,,Minst, you must sleep if you are to wake ready to caste spells?''

Minst lifts the book and says, ,,Have you read this book?''

Carlos reads the spine, ,,The Castle The Keep The Tower.'' Carlos looks at Minst. ''No, I have not.''

,,I did.'' Minst searches through is component bag. ''It's a facinating story.'' He grabs a component pack and looks at Carlos. ''William's family built that castle adn the tower. Well, there's debate about the, the...'' He grips the compoents, touches the spine of his spell book. He creates small circles with fingers and spreads a circle with palms above Shake and squeezes component bag.

A force that reflects and bends like glass appears below Shake.

Minst lifts plams.

Shake rises.

Minst steps to the stairs. ,,The castes was built around the tower. The keep first.'' Minst looks at Carlos and steps to the stairs.

Gregor clears his thraot. 

Minst stops and looks at the entrache, the mud, the boots, the packs. ,,We should take the boot and bags.'' He naps fingers.

The boots and the bags float and rest on Minst's disk.

,,I see the shapes and curves of reliefs in your magic,'' Carlos steps with Minst toward the dark and the stairs. 

Minst walks with Carlos. ,,Yes, Hern showed me to the guild in the Rose Quarter Vein. I learned to begin to read. Fasinating.''

,,Yes, the goblins spells are interesting because the sounds are replaced with componets,'' says Carlos as he steps with Minst.

Minst steps into the darknes and to a stare. ,,Yes, a shiedl. I have mastered a shield caste by goblins click and clack. Tongue and mouth hurts when I do it much.''

The walk the stairs.

Carlos says, ,,You have gain knowledge during the past rises fast than my simple mind could have comprehended.''

Minst looks back. ,,Riding through the swamp land and plain on wagons for thirty rises give on ample time to read.''

,,It doesn,'' Carlos says. 

,,Like this book,'' says Minst. ''It is rich with knowledge. Fascinating.'' He steps the stairs and says with a lower voice. ''William's family build the tower for his grandmother.'' He looks at Carlos.

Carlos nods.

Minst steps to the door. 

The door opens. 

A few candles by the door illuminate a chair and sofa off to the side of the door. Two bookshelves rise for the corner. The a row of windows open to the city span to the other side of the room and into the darkness.

Spear and William lay on the floor between the chairs and bed. Myst lays back againt the foot of bed. Flare lays on bed. Guile snores from the darkness near the other side of the room.

Carlos lowers his voice. ,,I have been inside the tower.'' CArlos steps toward the door with Minst and the floating shake and the adventrue itesm.

Minst stands by Carlos and the door and guides the floating disk to the bed then lowers Shake to the bed top.

''I will get the boots,'' Carlos steps and pulls off the boots, armor and pack.

He steps silent to the chair and sits.

,,Them book is well written.'' Minst steps into the room steps over the floor and feels a buzz spread through body. His mind speeds and spins. His slow tired body and mind feel to speed with the buzz spreading thorugh body. 

Carlos see Minst foot print then smiles a Minst. ,,Please tell me about it.''

Minst steps, nods head a back with shoulders, sits, put back on floor all in a flash. ,,The Castle The Keep The Tower begins...''


