,,Oasis was founded three hundred years agon. Gnoms from Gomsidy serached for years as a place to help supply lines get to Gnomsidy. A well was found thee hundred years. The Gnomse harvested the water and hauled the water to Oaiss. As the years passed, the gnomse dug a deepr well and they carved the towers in castle and the garrision. Inside the roce surrouned by the rorck wall is diggicult to geter.' He stops behind a orws o Constables. 

Constables form a single file line for entry in to Oaisis through the one open large gate.

People stand two or three wide in a line along the center of the wide highway road.

People wander from the open gate and step from the highway to wood walkways and streets spaning between the buildings beyond the wall.

The pack stands behind the constables near the back of the line.

Thicktik steps back to stand as the last contable, says, ''The empire cam centries ago. We formed a treaty with gnomes. We defended the city from the desert warriors. We built the wall and began to build the aquiduct. Both projects used army might and man power. The aquiduct now flows from Shiptik to Oasis. It will soon flow from Oasis to Gnomsidy. The stone of the was was shipped and deliverd by white sheets. It was built by whites. Then the road between Shiptik and Oasis was made better. The road between Oasis and Gnomsidy was made.''

The line steps, and Thictik continues talk loud as William stand behind. ''Oaiss, like Shiptick, like Tyranium, the constables help maintain the law. you may not want to join the contables, but you can work with the conatables. We have been since the first people began to open trade with the gnomes. We set-up building a constable building in the center, and we constables have been here since. The walls you see are for defense against the desert warriors. Adminisstion inside is a copper. Water leaving the city will be taxed.''

William says, ,,We have the cubes from gnomsidy?''

Thicktik shouts. ,,Constables! Too ORDER.''

The constables in line that stand side to side step back and stand at attention in line making it single files.

Thicktik and William step back, and Thicktik says, ,,We Constables are working with local law to begin to distribute the credit cube. The cube requires magic. Only Gnomisidy has enough magic. Constables don't control much in Gnomesidy.''

William looks behind at Spear, the long line of standing people with people walking across street.

Spear stands and stares through the gate.

Through the gate and beyond the tall white wall, Short stone block buildings rise on sides of brown sand stone streets. The sandstone street dips between the building and flows through stone block buildings to a sheer rock face as big as a huge hill.

Kirra look at the people walking.

The people waling from Oasis and along the highway to the rise. They wear leather and hide armor, chained shirts. Large packs pile on backs. Face are dark green and and smooth. A few waterskins hang from shoulders. A large group of people laught in surface talk saying, ,,We will rule Gnomesidy,'' while another add, ''We will be kings of the desert!'' The large group walks on toward the rise.

More people walk from the gate. Many walk through the streets outside the gat.

A few constables stand around the gate. Five stand on the sides of the single file line entering the city.

Shouts of people arguing about the pricess of dried beef casues a constable to step from the line, wedge between crowd and to the cart of carts selling meat.

A herd of cows startel in a pen between the alleys of two stone building near the city wall.

Fumes of shit, sweat and piss blow with sage smoke and cinimmon fat. Guile links minds through manuerisms and sees surface thougts and feels feelings. Guile feels tensions, stress and concern. Guile hears the thought in his minds. >I pay ten or twelve...More humans...I get that drink...Going for the win...We are better...Gnomisidy. Need water...Army thick necks and blink eyes. ...Where did I put th
e knife. ... YOU GET OUT OF MIND.'< Guile stands aunblinking.

Myst humms... ,,Guile the line be moving. Can you be grooving?'''

Guile steps.

Myst steps forward are the line steps forward. Myst's song sees the people through the gate, but not far beyond does she see with hers ong. She quiets her song, and she heaers the song of others through the city.

The city spreads to life in her mind as she sees the building and a few people inside.

The sun rises.

The stone shines bright white by the sun light glowing from above.

The line steps, and the entrance nears. Constables talk and point a people packs.

Runtik steps from line and to the people.

Guile, Kirra and Myst sees Runtik step from line and blend and walk through the streets.

,,Oasis,'' says William. ''Thicktik, does the Constable Law control oasis?''

Thickti leans back while staring at the constables standing at the gate. ,,We do not control Oasis. We help spread the law, so lieing, stealing and killing is not allowed. We help the people live free is a lawed environment.'' Thicktik steps. ''We help the Army worry about the enemy and for us to worry about the friends.'' He looks back at William. ''We could use you in Lyno.'' He smiles a big green smile. ''You would be given power and word of the constables. You and your friends could run the constable order in Lyno after a time. You being human then you would do well with the people.'' He steps and stands to the side and sort of shuffles with line as he talks with William. ''The constable way is the a way for one from Rise to become one of the empire. You will get stares, but those stares would see the constible badge and the human.''

William smiles. ,,What must one do if one would want to be a constable?''

Hictik nods. ,,You first earn a Constable Word and tak the Constable Oath. Then you take your Constable Order and journey to the set. We have a few constables from Goblin Port to Lyno. You will have the contract, oath and seal. Thicktik step backward near the front of the line.

The sun shines, heats.

Spear wipes sweat from brow. and unrwarps cloth around neck and chest. Sweat sticks the cloth to skin. Sand sticks to cloth.

Kirra stands and stares. 

Guile sneesezes. He snorts and says after Thicktik's talk stops. ,,Can't be good if thought bad.'' He sends an image of Shake from his mind to William's mind.

Wililam thinks of Shake and looks at the major constable. ,,I thank you for your offer, but we are on our way to Tyrinium for we heard their gladiator fights like the fights on Oasis.''

Thicktick steps backward and says, ,,The only fights in Tyranium to fight are the Constible Fights.''

A constable standing to the Wane shouts, ,,You turn around to answer questions and inspections.''

Thicktick pivots and spins to look forward through the gates.

One constables stand to his wane and Wax.

The constable on the Wan looks at Thicktik while the constable to the Wax says, ,,What is your name?''

The Wane constable write with pencil with paper pinned to a board. The Wane Constable writes:  the name Major Constable Thicket.

,,Major Constable Thictik,'' says Thicktik.

The wax constable says, ,,What is your purpose in Oasis?''

Thicktik says, ,,I will work as a constable.''

The Wax contable says, ,,how long is your stay?'' 

Thicktik says, ,,I will remain until the Constables inform me of a Constable Transfer.''

The Wane constable looks at the Major Constable Thicket and nods.

Thicktik steps through the gate, and William steps to the Constables.

,,What is your name?''

,,William Westmore,'' say William.

The constable to the Wane of William looks grabs and lifts Williams bag and sack. He stares at William's Wax steel hand.

,,What is your purpose for entering Oasis?''

Wiliam puts flesh hadn over steel hand. ,,We are on our way to Tyrinums to fight in the Constables Rings and make our way into the empire.''

,,How long will you remain in Oasis?''

William nods head back while shrugging shoulders. ,,We will remain a short time to find a caravan to guard on our way to Tyrinium.''

The constable nods and steps from the path. ,,Welcome to Tyrinium.''

William steps to stand by Major Constable Thicktik.

Thicktik stares at the constables behind the closed gate.

The constables stand and stare at people as they exit Oasis. They stop on cart of five and pull it behind the closed gate then inspect the cargo and question the person.

major thicket blinks away stare as William says, ,,It was a pleasure speaking with you.'' He speaks as a image of Shake appears in mind.

Guile sees the image of Shake to Williams mind as he answers the question of the constble using William's words.

William pauses in talk.

Thicktik stares and slowly nods head. ,,I had enjoyed our talk. Now, I must work.'' He holds open palm.

William and he shake hands. During the shake, William says, ,,You and your constables appear to hope for order in the chaos. You have shown me there is more than the soldiers.''

Thicktik nods quick, look at the constable behind th gate.

The constables behind the gate grab a man pulling a cart.

Thicktik nods and steps toward the constable behind the huge gate door.

William stands. 

Guile steps to him and stands. He sniffs and spit then squints and peers through the city. ,,Oasis.''

Spear answers the questions, ,,Spear...Travel to Tyrinium...Three suns.''

Myst hums without question, ,,Myst of Rieghn will sing her way to Tyriniym after three suns.''

Kirra says. ,,Kirra, Tyrainum. Soon.''

The guard drawing on apper says. ,,I need a specific time.'' 

,,Three.''

the guard nods, says, ,,You enter.''

Kirra steps to the pack.

The pack stands, and William steps back from the people passing Rise and Wane.

They steop to to a sidewalk.

The side walk of sand stone spans before tables and chairs, store fronts and hugoboins.

Hugoblins walk in white wraps, leather and metal. 

Guile coughs. ,,This is Oaiss?''

White gray blocks size heads build stone buildings that rise three level high. Wood frame windows and make shutters and doors. Concrete spreads over the crack.

The stone buildings line the wide road as the wide road leads to a sand stone hill sized mount with a sheer wall. The side of the wall has carved stairs, pillars, doors and windows.

The road and the two step wide walkway on the sides spand to the City of Rock. Along the road, white stone buildings shine as the the shadow from the City of Rock shrinks against the sun.  

The people dressed in dresses, pants and loose white shirts walk to shade and buildings.

A pair of oxgoblins haul a wagon along the street.

Thicktik stands with constables and points at the gate door and to the City of Stone. 

A breeze blows bits of sand.

The pack stands. 

William says, ,,Where's Runtik?''

Kirra says, ,,Stepped from line, ran.''

,,Should of killed her,'' says Guile.

,,Knows much,'' says KIrra.

Myst taps drum. ,,We need not assume she left to do us harm. It could be that the constables are as ruthless as the army.''

William shrugs shoulders and nods walk looking round at the contables.

Constables stand along the stone walkway, the road and near the gate. A few walk along the street and peer at peopple.

One or twwo walk beyond to the Rise toward the tall rock city on the center.

William says, ,,What now Guile? What did Love want you to do now?''

Guile shrugs. ,,Know I want to leave desert.''

Kirra shrugs and nods.

Spear snorts and stares.

Hugoblins walk thick through the people while a few hobgoblin, humand, gnomes and a dwarf walks along the streets with hugoblins and into doors and the shade.

William looks at the City of Rock. ,,We need to find a place to sleep.''

Kirra huffs. ,,Talk to your friend.''

Thicktik waves arm and points through the gate and leaves with three constables.

The other constables that Thicktik lead into the wall walk along the streets and talk with people. One helps stack some crates full of lettuce and brown roots.

William says, ,,I will lead us to an in. I will find a place to sleep. If we are to leave, we should decided, split the money and leave soon.'' He clenches his steel hand. ''My body is my quest, so I will continue to Tyrinium until I die or destroy this magic item with the fist. It is best to go down swinging than stting.''

Myst taps drum. ,,You lead with song, and I will travel along.''

Spear nods. ,,We walk together until our paths lead apart.''

,,From the desert,'' says Kirra.

Guild coughs and spits. ,,To hotel. Sun shines bright.''

William steps, ,,Hotel...hotel...hotel..."

William leads the pack along the sand tone sindwalk. They walk past people eating from glass plates and drinking from glass cups. They walk people standing with mug in hand as the lean against posts. They walk by oxgoblins, horses and a few worgs.

Worgs sniff and bark as the pack passes.

A few stares follow as they walk before the store fronts. Pots and pan hang beyond store windows. 

Store windows show knoves, swords and armor. They walk the rangs. All peer, but non see the words for a n inn. 

After walking along the sidewalk across half the distance to the Rock Cit, Myst taps her drum soft. A few beats pounce a pace.

Myst sings, ,,We are travelling through the prime plane. We need a place free from sun so we may feel no pain. We need a place to sleep to remain sane. So...'' She draggs out the Sooo with a hum through throat and  gentle tappoing of fingers on drum. ''Soooo...We wil not feighn from you kindness no way. We only ask that we are told a place to covere from the sun bane.'' Myst repeats the chorus as the walk.

A hugoblins walk past the pack snaps fingers and another claps. 

One sitting on chair against an open door along the walk way before a pub, says, ,,We are not lame. We have great game. We offer you a place for pay without shame.''

She tips and chard and pulls her loose shirt over shoulder. Her clumped hair holds as she sits upright and burps. She raises mug

William, following the fow of Myst's throat vibration soothing her soul and sing. ,,I, William Westmore, will buy you a drink if you will link with our pack and lead use to what we seek.''

The wrinkled, hanging hobgoboin raises her mug. ,,I, Thinktik Oasis will lead a human to the feed.'' She burps and shuffles feet along the sand stone half movement along the side sandstone path under cloth. Thinktik hums and stumlbes. Her mug sways and drips beer ont othe sandstone walk ways

The sand stone heats between the awning of cloth.

Sand warms between the awning and building.

People step from the street even as the pack walks into the shadows.

The people glance and peer at the pack. A few walk along withouth care. One even pumps Guile and shakes a fist.Myst hums and taps her drum top.

The pack walks along the highway sidwalk. The even slope gives no slip with the traction of sand stone.

Thinktik hums and sways with Myst as she steps and dips around a corner and a street. Thicktick leads the pack through the shade of the sheer hill of carves sandstone.

People walk the side walks wearing robes of leather, velvet and cotton. People wearing ropes sit at tables on the sidwalk and under aweings. People stit above aweings of stone decks and drink from cups on saucers while their robes lay over.

A oxgoblins pulls a long stagecoach  along the street. The long stagecoach has ten winows and two doors. Shades covere the windows.

Glass charms tinkle in the wind. A wind gusts through the cool shadows as the pack follows Thinktik.

Thinktik drinks from mugs and side to the Wane steps to street behind the long stagecoach then steps to the other sidewalk on the Wane side of the street. She hums with Myst a hmmmmmmmmmmmmm. HM. hmm hmm hmm. HMMMM. hmmm. HMMMM... with Myst.

Myst walks wide strides with Thinktik acrooss the street to the other side the with a turn along a Wane sides street.

The pack follows with Myst walking and hummming with Thinktik. Guile sniffs and peers at people as they glance long at the pack. Spear walks feeling the people watch their step and move. Kirra sees a couple constables walking after the pack. William hums along watching the walk and humming a hmmmmmmmmmmmmm. HM. hmm hmm hmm. HMMMM. hmmm. HMMMM... 

The pack walks to the Wane on sidwalk street under awnings in the shadows. 

A few people sit and eat and a few walk the path. A stage coach pulled by four white sheets rolls along the roads.

The street archs  conentric with  the large white wall. Tall stone buildings rise on the sides with stone decks and awnings rising with each level. 

Thinktik leads the pack along the sidewalking under the aquiduct rising high above and connectin to a tower at the top of the sheer hill. She hums with Myst a hmmmmmmmmmmmmm. HM. hmm hmm hmm. HMMMM. hmmm. HMMMM... She leads from under the aqueduct from the shade of the hill to the sun.

Sun shines head through streets and alleys. Window and doors of buildings are shutterd. People step from streeets and door wasy.

The pack squints and follows.

All walk the quiet streets in to the Wane side of the city.

Thinktik stops and sway and raises mug and stops her hum. She ppers at William's hand. ,,YOu have a shiny hand.''

William clenches fist.

Myst says, ,,If you guide us to a place to sleep. We will buy ale to drink for your feat as a treat of our thank to you for giving us what we seek.''

Thinktik burps. ,,Near the wall to wane. You find a room.'' She steps to William. ''I take a coin. I don't like the drink here.''

Kirra flips a Waterdown gold coin the Thinktik.

Thintik reaches for the coin, drops much then lunges for ground and clasps the cong. She sits in knees on street and stares at the coin as the shine from the gold coin.

,,Worth something here,'' say sGuile. ''He sniffes.'' He looks at the top of the buildings.

The top of the buildings have saqure towers about two steps winde with open windows.

Guile says. ''Ventelation.''

Myst steps behind, and William hums on time.

Kirra says, ,,Two constables follow.'' She stares at a group of humans, wearing leather armor and chained shirt walk from one building and down the street. ''Where we go?''

Guile squints, ,,Sleep. Find the Love, Senator Ring. Continue with the quest to save the Reighn from Bin's destruction.''

Kirra snorts. ,,Love and Ring can find us. I leave tomorrow. Go to the rise. Find trees. A river. A place far from goblins.''

A shuttter slams close. Sweat beeds on foreheads. The shade warms.

William nods. ,,If such a place exists then I will find it after we stop the killing of the priests of Reighn by completing this quest for Rieghn.''

Myst lays a hand on William. ,,I hear the song of Reighn strike a cord when you speak of our quest William.'' She hums, and the pack's thirst, hunger and body pains sooth to pleasure. 

Guile hums. 

Kirra grabs a scarf and tosses at William. ,,Cover hand. We find a place to sleep. We leave during dark.'' She looks at Guile. ''If Love and Ring want us. They'll find us.'' She nods head back to the constables standing a short bow shot away.

The constables. stand and lean agains the wall.

William nods. ,,I see more constables in this part of town.''

,,The hot part,'' says Guile. ''More sun and heat. Sun wane and Sun Wax from Rise to Fall.''

,,We're not making home here?''

William wraps silver hand. ,,Should we not wait for Love or Ringtik to contact us? And what of Runtik? Where has she gone?''

Guile snorts. ,,Maybe she didn't have a copper? Maybe she lies? Maybe she sees our minds and tells us lies? Maybe she's with the ones who burnt then people and raise the dead?''

Kirra glances at two more constables walking along a cross street. Sh steps, ,,Walk. Find a shade and water. Be silent and we find a room.''

William steps before the pack and steps to the wane. ,,We search for the hose humans.'' He points across the street to a tall stone building. ''We enter there and see if we can find one who could talk with us about a place to stay.'' He steps across the street.

Guile says, ,,Why not ask a constable friend?'' He snickers.

Spears says, ,,I wish Minst was here to question our way to a room and knowing.''

William says, ,,And Shake could be paranoid enough to know who Runtik is?''

,,Their dead,'' says Kirra. Kirra looks at the constables and steps after William.

Guile niffs. ,,And Runtik is a psycho like all around.''

The pack follows William to ther other side under and awening and to a door.

William pulls the door.

the door doesn't move.

Guile sniffs and steps into the sun visoring eyes with forearm. He shouts, ,,Constables, where can we sleep and find shade?''

Kirra puts hand on sword hilt.

The constables a short bow shot away walking holding hilts of sheathed swords. One says while he pionts to the Wane Wall. ,,I am Constable Fledin. You find shade and bed near the Wane wall or outside the city. Most caravners stay outside the city.''

The walk to the pack. One hugoblins constable griins. ,,We will guide you.''

,,Find our own way,'' says Kirra. She steps along the sand walk peeking and peering through windows between drapes.

Constable Fledin smiles. ,,I will walk with you. It will be a pleasure of the constables.''

The other Constable walks behind the pack looking side to side with hand on the hilt of  wooden short swords, and a hand clasps a wooden small shield. He looks along the alleys and through the windows.

Windows are covered with cloths and wooden shutters. Doors are shuts. A few people walk across intersection.

The pack walks through intersections following the constables into the sun.

Sun lights shines and warms. The sandtone walkways warm. Windows shine bright.

The back squints and they visor hands. They peer after the constable along the curved concentrick street halfway between the rock fortress and the white rock wall.

Through the bright sun and dark shadows underawenings, the contables walk along the sun streets street, and Constable Fledin points and says, ,,You stay at lesser rent room.'' He points to the Wane toward the white wall. ''You stay at greater rent room.'' She stands at corner of intersection.

The sun shines on Contable Fledin. 

Constable Fledin stands and stares at the constable behind the pack. He points to the Rise. ''The best place for you is out the city willl on the city to the Rise.''

The constable behind the pack pulls a folded parchment from a satchel from side and pulls out pencil. He unfolds the paper and marks it.

Kirra looks at Guile. ,,YOu know where you want to sleep?'

Guile snorts. He wipes back hs few strains of hair and lets his robe fall open. ,,Is Wane place next to a gate?'' He snorts.

Constable nods. ,,The Rooms Royal is near the Wane Plane Gate.'' 

Guile smiles. ,,Stay at The Rooms Royal, we will.'' He steps and looks back at the pack. ''We stay. We go.'' He looks at the Constablesa. ''I thank you for help.'' He shouts a scream the ehoes to silences has he says the words and as he walks to the Wane toward the gate.

The shout flows into the Consstable Fledin's mind. It spam through tought Guile feels as sharp paints scrape feelings of order, laws and the power. Guile see, >We will be on our way. We lead the constable way.''

Constable Fledin says, ,,We will be on our way.''

Guile sees the image of Constable Fledin walk to the Wax away from the pack. 

Constable Fledin nods and walks from the pack.

The constable writing on paper watch Constable Fledin walk past him and away from the pack. ,,Constable...'' The constable holding paper steps with Constable Fledin saying under a stressed quiet voice, ,,We are to follow...'' He looks back. ...Constable Fledin...''

Guile sees to Constable Fledin's mind. >I was told to report destination. I will report destination. We will return to check. It is the law.<

Constable Fledin says loud enough for the pack to hear. ,,I was told ot report destination. I will report destination. We will return to check. It is the law.''

Guile snickers and snorts. He looks at the pack. ,,Stay outside the gate. Leave this wane gate. Easier to get out now.'' He steps.

Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,Out of the city is good. We leave now.''

Guile steps along the walk way to the Wane toward the wall leaving a mumbled. ,,Go now before constable thinks.''

Kirra follows with Myst behind. William trail and says, ,,It was only my want to enter the city to be able to avoid the army, who seems to have been our bane before we crossed the desert. It is also good we entered the city for now Runtik is gone, and we no longer needed to worry about her origin and what she may have or have not done regarding the death and undead we seen a cycle ago.''

The words speak to only the pack of the empty street, but only William hears. Myst listens to the song of read guide her through the bright sun. Guile feels the senses of Constable Fledrin. Spear peers at roof tops and windows and along walk ways and streets. Where Spear don't look, Kirra does.

From their path to the Wane Plane Gate, humans, a few elves, many gnomse and a couple dwarves sit at table undertable and eat, look from windows, load sacks from carts to buildings, pull on oxgoboin, walk the street from shadows to shadows.

The pack steps to a wide road.The wide words spans from a large gate in the stone white wall to a barred gate and tunneling into the rock castle in the center of the city. The buildings on the side of the wide wall span large and long with stone and some word. Tall towers rise from their tops. Empty carts line either side of the street. A few constables stand at a corner three buildings away next to a group of humans and a couple of hugoboins.

The four humans wear chained shirts, beards and swords with dark skin stark agains white desert wraps covering arms, legs and necks. They hold pack slung over on arm while other hands rest on hilts of daggers and swords.

The hugobins hears overalls and brown shirt with brown sleevers. A pair of glasses hang from overall pocket. 

The constable stands with arms foldded.

,,Constables,'' says Guile. He snorts. ''Law.'' He walks heads strong along the walkway across the street and into the shade caste by the sun. 

Kirra says, ,,We walk past. We get room at Rooms Royal. We walk to the Rise, sleep leave.''

Spear says, ,,That's a plan I will follow.''

,,The desert awaits,'' says William. ''It is far away form these filthy goboins.''

Foot steps talk away the words. Sweat falls from faces to wood walkways and stones streets. A few look at windows at the group of humans, hugoboins and a constable.

The humans and the hugoblins points at each other while the constable stands with arm crossed and head nodding. The hugoblins shouts, ,,THE SCUM HUMAN STOLE. THE SCUM HUMAN STOLE.''

The constable stares with folded arms. 

The pack walks on along the wood walkways by a few humans and group of gnomes watching the arguments. Smells of brown root and beef fat spread from an open window. 

The smells blows to wiffs of shit and piss. 

The road spans to two iron bound wooden  gates as wide as five wagons, closed shutting the road flow to stop. On the sides of the gate are two large biuldings with widows and balconies rising half the height of the wall. 

Buildings follow the raod, and the raod leads by carts covered with tarps parked to the side; a few booths empty with windows and doors closed, a couple constables standing in the shade staring at the pack. 

,,Constables,'' says Guile.

,,I will talk,'' says William.

Guile says, ,,Tell them we stay at the Rooms Royal. We get room. We leave. Another gate.''

,,Agreed,'' says William. ''But where be the in.''

Guile says, ,,Read the signs.'' 

William points to the building on the other side of the street near the gate. ,,The sign there reads Rooms Royal.''

The Rooms Royal rises four levels with windows, doors and small balconies rising to the tops. blands and white banners with a helix hang fro balconies. From the street, two hugoboins wearing breats plates and sweat stand by two wood wooden doors. 

A worg runs and chases a nother worg.

Guile sniffs and squints. ,,Get out of the sun. Get out of town. He steps a cross the stone street.'' He mental shouts and threads a thoughts straned through the minds of the guids and pulls. He feels the boredum. He feels one watching and sees a flash of the pack as the pack crosses the street. 

Spear watches the constables, and a few of the constables watch Spear until an elf wearing desert sheets steps through the door way.

Guile steps under awening. Kirra follows with Myst humming the middle. William mutters to Spear. ,,We must be out of here.''

Guile says and sniffs. ,,Need a room.''

The guards wearing breastplanes, coifs and pikes and bucklers, look at Guile and the group. The humans guads says as sweat drop drips from nose. ,,Welcome to the Room Royal for we welcome travelers seeing security and pleasure.''

The human wearing a silver breast plate peers at Guile. ,,A room cost a silver a piece.''

Kirra says, ,,How many sleep to a room.''

,,One sleeps in one room,'' says the hugobins gaurd.

,,Are there group rooms?'' says William.

,,We have one large pleasure room.'' The hugoblins sighs. ''You ask clerk inside.''

The human says, ,,You show us coins. You enter.''

,,NO!'' is shouted by the human, along the road walked by the pack, who talks to the constable. The human steps back and  shouts, ,,NO. I DIDN'T ENTER THE STORE!''

Three of the six constables by the small open door in gate walk from the gate toward the lone constable and group of humans.

The humans shout. One wearing studded leather pulls a dagger and grabs the handle of a cross bow.
,,You sheath the daggers,'' shouts the lone constible as he raises.

Three constables run from the gate while two of the three remaining stand before the elf entering the door. The three constables pull wooden swords from sheaths and wood small shield from back. One of the three running shouts. ,,CONSTABLES THREE COMING TO AID!''

Guile snorts. ,,Leave through the door while distracted.''

The door guard says, ,,You leave through door. The constables write down. You leave through gate. The constables write note. Constables write notes.'' She smiles. ''Notes get lost.''

Spear grabs pouch in pack and pulls out three gold coins. He raises them before the guard. 

The hugoblins guard nods. 

The door opens.

Three desert wrapped dwarves step from door.

The pack steps back. 

The dwarves walk to the street, stare at the argument and the shouts between constables, store keep and a group of humans.

William nods. He steps into open door into a cool room with stairs accending next to a desk on the far wall. Two arches to the Wax and Wan of the pack enter into darkness and people talking and laughing.

Guile sniffs and says to the guard as the pack enters, ,,Is there a way to leave the city without constables?''

The guard grins and nods. ,,No.''

Guile nods and walks through the door.

The door shuts.

A fat and short hugobins sits on a stool behind a desk. He looks up from a book and bifocals. ,,I hope you ar here for a room and not to cause trouble.'' He pushes glasses back. He smiles. ''You appear like you can cause trouble and live to tell.'' He stands. ''My name is Reed. Welcome to the Rooms Royal?''

Guile sniffs and nods.

William steps and walks to the desk with his covered Wane hand extended. ,,I am William Westmore.''

Reed pushes back glasses and hold out his Wax hand. ,,Reed of the Royal Room.''

The door shuts. 

Darkness dims the light around a few candles. 

The cool air feels to blows. 

Sweaat drips from Williams hand as Reed and he shake.

Reed wipes sweat drop from catalog top.

Guile runs finger along bridge of nose. His mind whispers to Reedtalk. >Give more for less.<

William says, ,,We want the big room for three days.''

Reed stares at Willim,  sniffs. He grabs a cloth and cleans glasses. ,,I have a big room. It is occupied.'' He looks at the pack. ''Four rooms near each other.''

,,We are in need of one room,'' says William.

As William says, Spear and Kirra look through the arch and along the halls.

Only thorugh arch are people sitting. The stairs lead to dim light of a couple small glowing globes atop the of the banistera t the top of stairs. The stairs lead to a wall. Dim light shines from the hall above.

As William says, Myst hums to spread the song of law.

The song of law sings a blue hue through her song vibrated map of the room. She sings through the cracks in the walls to see the whisper of the guards. The color hue flow between orangs and reds of choas. She hums a song and that song is felt after William says.

As William says, Guile sees to Reedtalk's mind. >I give big room for price less price..<

Reedtalk pushes glasses-up brim of nose. ,,I got a big room open. Room costs a gold a night.<

,,How many beds does this room you speak of have?'' says William. 

Reed says, ,,The room has two private rooms sleeping two. The room has six, stacked beds. The room is for special guests and their guards. It has a tub. We fill the tub for three gold. We bring food.''

Guile says, ,,Take the room.''

William looks at Guile.

Guile taps finger on mind. ,,Think about it.'' He sees to Reeds's mind, >You get water, food and bath for three gold.''

,,Where's the room?'' says Kirra.

,,Yes,'' says Willam. ''Where be this big room?''

,,The stairs up lead ot the big room. The entire top level. It has two sides. One side during morning. Other side during night. Sun not hot.''

,,We get water,'' says Spear. 

,,You pay three gold. You get room, food, bathe and water,'' says Reed. He opens a book on test. ''I need to write a name. You give me three gold. I write your name. I give you key for three days.'' He looks at William.

William nods and looks behind and Kirra and Spear.

Spear grabs a small sack then another. He opens the small sack.

Four gold and a few small gems rest in bag. He grabs three gold coins and tosses them on book. ,,We need the key.''

Reed grabs the waterdeep cold coins. His eyes open wide as he grabs the big round Waterdeep Coins. Reed thinks emotions of wealth with the word, <Waterdown gold.>

Guile feels from Reed a feeling riches and sizes, reads the waterdown gold thought. Guile says, ,,Ppay for six nights with the gold,'' says Guile. He sees to Reed's mind. >Yes, the waterdown gold is worth two.< He feels sharp pain pump through skull. He squints and wobbles.

Reed nods head, ,,Yes,'' he looks at the pack. ''This gold worth two. You stay six days.''

,,We will not be-'' begins to say William.

Kirra says, ,,We need the key.''

Reed humphs and looks away from the gold. ,,The key is...'' He puts hand on chest, hits pocket then looks bellow the desk.

From the archway to the Wane of pack two hugoboins women wearing only white see through rope walk with smiles and long strides from the common room to the stairs leading with giggles. Flower fumes spread. 

Reed pulls a key from beneath desk and slaps it on top of book. He grabs a bell on the desk and trings the bee.  ,,Yalwing, you enter.''

A door behind the desk opens. 

A short human wearing a pans and a shirt, cleaned and iron. Sand bit spread over frekled face and red hair. ,,Yalwing is standing ready,'' says the kid.

Reed half leans back. ,,Yalwing, you lead guests to Big Room.'' He looks at the pack. ''You follow Yalwing.'' He smiles. ''Or you maybe entertained in the common room. If you wish for personal entertainment. We have pleasure below.'' He winks and smirks. He puts glasses on face and looks at book.

,,You follow me,'' says Yalwing.

Yalwing lead them to the wood stairs by the stone desk rising from the stone floow. The stares lead to a hall Wax and Wane. Yalwing steps to the Wane the steps up spiral staircase raising past on door then ending at another door.

Yalwing slides key into door, opens door and steps inside. Yalwing says, ,,Welcome to Royal Rooms.'' Yalwing dances around and his loos pants sort of ballon out sides and his looks brown fans fans at the bottom. He spins over rugs to shining, polished wood. ''This is the King's Room.'' 

The room is twice as long as wide. A square wall is in center. The wall has vents. Carpets spread over floor unders a round table, beds to the side, book cases, boxes , pillows. Tapestry hang on walls. Windows span around the walls around and the walls of the center. The wood shutters open to iron bars. At the far side are two sets of double doors. A small tube rest in the far coner. 

,,Bring food, water, leave,'' says Guile.

Yalwing spin slows, cloths fall with the smile on face. He says flat. ,,Anything else.''

William steps to Spear, grabs the pouch from Spears clasp also grabbing Spear's stare. He pulls the last gold coin from pouch. ,,We need good food, clean water, towels and information. Once we have the food and water and information you will earn a gold.''

Yalwing snorts. His gargling voice says, ,,you're not the first in the King's room to show the riches but give nothing.'' He walks to the door with a bit of sway of hips. Hisp whip Yalwing around and to door frame. Yalwing stands and says with a sound of fun. ''I'll get you what you need. It's what you get this part of town, but its mine. And I don't need another gold to get you the good goods.'' He bows while lifting head and looking at the pack. He stesp to a tables stand by door.

A bell and post with a glowing white ball of glass rest on top of the wooden carved with curls stand.

The pack truns from Yalwoing and walks around the room.

Spear tosses back to ground. And sits then lays on a rug and closes eyes and lets the chaos flow. He begins to hum like Myst. Closes eyes.

William unlatches shoulder plate. And unlatches armor. He hums with Myst.

Myst hums and and whistles like a flute and soft hollow taps. She walks around the room.

Kirra walks around the four walls of a box in the center of the room.

Shutters hang in the center of the center walls. Big bars lay horizontal securing thick wood panels.

Guile knkock on panels and slides bar forom two iron loops at theends of the wood panel and fasstened to the wall. Guile sniffs and hums a rough crackle pop of snot and phlegm coating his. He hums and spits on floor.

Yalwing rings bell. ,,All the civilitaies from around the world are in the rool. There is a water cloist in the mader bedroom, and glass bed pans and glass spitunes from the finest in Gnomsidy.'' Yalwing grabs door handle and raises bell. ''This bell Ring, I hear. And I will come.'' He puts the bell on stand and steps backward while pull door to shut and says, ,,Enjoy the Royal Rooms.'' Beefore the doors shutes, She says, ''If you want savle for your wrapped wounds, I can bring.''

Guile looks at William's hand. William's hand is wrapped like it cut.

The door shuts.

,,Enjoy the Royal Rooms,'' says Guile in a hight pitch swagger of Yalwing mixed with his snott and phlegm.

Kirra smirks and opens window shutters.

Bright light shines and cooler wind blows through the stuffy room. Shadows of bars caste from horizonal bars. 

The bars are wide enough to reach thorugh, but not sqeeze. 

Kirra grabs bar and pulls.

The bar holds inot the wood frome and stone wall. 

She pushes the bar and upand down and the bar holds. ,,Trap us in and them out.''

,,Cool hair, say Guiles. ''Blows through tube.'' Where' the vets to push old out.'

Wiliam unlatches breats plate and chains, ,,How does it cool?''

,,The tower,'' says Guile. ''The windcatcher.'' He alks to the walls on the outside of the room along the walls.

The walls ar brown stone with white concret between blocks. The smmoth tapestery spans along wall. A tapestry of red hangs on wall. From the floor and rising to Guile's knee. Near the grournd are square panels like the ones hanging on the center walls. 

Guile points to the corner of the ceiling. ,,Blows in through scoop and vent, blows along wall through the vent on floor and down wall and throough floor and blows or the center. Move air at night. And close during day. Cool air comes from hole at bottom during night. He points to the corner and panels.'' He walks to the open wall ins center. ''Open top on outside wall and flip.'' He pulls a lever behind the panel.

Kirra watches. 

Spear lays and hums and lets the choas and flow with mind through body and flashes of gray and white. He slows his heart with exhale...

Myst singls the flutes to a calm peace pace with taps on drum. She sits lotus and slumpss till singing and tapping the drum.

William takes hums with Myst and takes of breast plate. William says, ,,Can you see in the minds of those around and find away from hear wtihouth letting people know we want out of here without people knowing?'' He smirks.

Guile pulls the lever and an awening rises in the shaft. 

Cool air blows through room. 

Guiel walks to the wall. Guile kneels, ,,Sleep. Then think. Headache from making Reed give room for lower.''

William setps hip plate on ground. ,,You mean my charm and looks didn't convince Reed of giving us this cheap room.''

,,We need knowledge,'' says Kirra. She grabs the window bar. She lets her pack fall from back to ground. ''I hate the sand.''

,,The sand loves you,'' says Spear.

Kirra snorts and sort of laughs.

Guile snorts and clears throat. He spits between bars and rises to toes to see down the shaft. 

The spit falls to darkness

Guile looks at William. ,,You need gloves,'' says Guile. He slides a bar befor a panel on the wall near floor. ''Two for your hand. One bigger than the other. People will know about the hand.''

William pulls on the strap on chin. ,,Where shall we go? What shall we do?''

Guile yawns. ,,Sleep. Eat. Eat...Slee.'' He walks from the walls in center and opens a panel on opposite wall.

A hole with bars opens behind panel. 

A cool breeze blows through. 

Spear says, ,,I watch until.''

Kirra stands and lets the cool breeze blow on her. ,,Spear and William sleep. We sleep. We leave.''

Guile lays one the floor. ,,Feel they show us way out.''

,,They?'' says William as a metal plate clashes to floor.

,,All but us.'' Guile rools out of his robe.

Fumes of piss and shit spread adn flow from room through vent.

Gulie stuff robe under head. ''Wake me.'' His pain pumping head beats a maze of throbs. Guile sees a maze thorugh the head pain pulses to the dull him of his pain trust then surround thoughts and dreams for sleep inside his own pain.

Guile snores.

Kirra snorts. She walks to door loos and slides latch lock. She sits on ground and preasses back against the inside wall and opens pack. She lays head agianst wall.

The cool breeze blows over her face.

William grabs ankle plate and lays it on ground. He look at Kirra.

Kirra lean against wall with eyes closed. ,,I will take second watch as I need to clean my amor an swords. I have this cut on shoulder that needs cleaning.'' He pulls on fasten on ankle plate. ''We wet the warriors sleep.''

Kirra smirts and says, ,,Tired sleep.''

Spear says. ,,I rest. I will feel awake. We leave. Meet Runtik.''

,,Runtik,'' says Willaim. William sits and grabs his back and pulls a clean cloth from inside. He whips out sand and begins to rub his armor as the est of the pack sleeps. ''Runtik. Where is Runtik?''


