,,Lyno,'' says Guile and presses on door. 

The door opens.

And Hern shouts. ,,Guile, WAIT!'' 

Guile sees Hern and Grun and two warriors of the rose run from black to dark to light shades of gray near white as the door opens, and Guild pushes Shake through, shuts door.

,,My lock picks,'' says Shake pick-up two lock picks  from ground as Guile grabs the pillow cover back of Shake. Shake grabs the two lock picks and weaves them into hair as they step to run through a hall.

The hall of morter and a red outline of brick into a red spot. The lines blur with run. 

Shake and Guile run through the hall. Their steps lands soft with pillow cased rapped slippers. Their feet cool to cold on the cold stone.

A cold faint breeze blows from the cool to cold air. 

Red lines blur. 

Shake looks behind.

Blurs expanding to red lined mortor spans behind to a place spot.

Shake breaths, ,,Where...They,'' then thinks, <Where are they?>

Guile peers forward, says between gasping breaths, ,,Do...not...know...''

<The lock picks,> thinks Shake between steps of run.

The steps of the run jostle the sight of Shake and Guile. 

The run shakes Guile's foci of Shake. The run burns Guile and Shakes lungs. Only Guile wipes sweat from brows. 

Guiles pot stomach jiggles.

Pounds and thuds echo past the pillow case covered slippers hitting cold stone.

Sweat drips. Breathe blows and huffs.

The red blur forms solid lines around morter. A black spot grows to a door illuminate with the red lights.

<Lock,> thinks Shake as he huffs and puffs and breaths then coughs. Legs cramp as he finds standing to pull out the muscle. 

Guile grabs a wheel in the center of of Iron door. He turns the wheel. 

Four rods as  wide as Shake slide from the two walls, the ceiling and the floor.

Guile breathes and pushe on wheel. 

The iron door slowly and effortlessly pivots open. 

Cold rush of air gusts over Shake and Guile.

,,Shake,'' hollers Hern.

,,Guile,'' hollers Grun.

Armor scrapes and foot clomps echo from distance. 

Guile steps into and over snow drift and through ice covered grass. He breathes and says, ,,They come.''

Shake nods and stands, shivers, steps into the cold.

Shake grabs the door.

,,No,'' says Guile. ''We go.'' Guile sees the cover and lead them from the hall to a cave to a cove then to the tall green grass spread over dusk light. 

,,NOT SAFE!'' of Hern's holler is heard until a gust of wind blows it away.

Sun castes shadows over a cover of rock like a small notch in the large moutnain will spanning to the sky and from sight. Sun shines upon the valley spaning beyond the sight of reds and oranges contrast agains the white snow. 

The wind blows and snow minst freeze the cold skin to red. 

Guile sees his mom's house, the gate to the sheep. He hears <THE DOGS NAME>. 
 
Shake walks through frozen tall grass then run break tops. Shake hears a dog bark. He runs past Guile. Shake runs to edge, stops with a slide and looks down then stares at the sun fall light valley look sight in mind and the red. 

The dog barks fast. The bark direction changes.

Guile runs to ledge a boulder throw from Shake. Cold puffs of breath blow from mouth like smoke from a Red Dragon. Lungs burn and sweat freezes. ,,DOWN,'' he says loud. ''The come.'' He kneels to ground and lowers from the ladder foot to foot to hand to hand down down the iron bars jammed into the moutains side.

Shake hears Guile and stares over the valley. Then moves along the edge and down the ladder blowing hot breath on cold hands down the ladder. ,,Where are we?''

,,Down,'' says Guile before Shake can end his cold stutterd words. 

The climb down and down. 

A dog barks and barks, barks and barks  a above.

Shake sees the sihlouette of a large dog barking above. Shake climbs down.

Guiles feet slip, hands grip and harms hold while feet slip on bar. He crinches, says, ,,NO,'' before Shake steps on his hands.

Shake stops and looks down. 

The dog barks above. 

,,Lower arm,'' says Shake. Shake grabs corked water bottle and uncorks then pours on bars.

Water drips drop on Guile.

Guile lowers kicking arms and puts feet on dry bar the climbs down steel bars while looking at the next step and sliding foot and hand over bars before decent.

Shake follows the descent with one arm and three legs with hand and feet lowering and grabbing bars leaving drops of water on bars.

The water freezes as the descend.

As they decend the barking quiets, and the sihlouette of dog head fades with the back of the rock face.

Two beings appear from the ledge and caste wide sihlouttes and bodies hunched with long arms and legs and snouts for noses.

Snott freezes on Shake's and Guile's noses and hands. Shake blows and palms and Guile descends.

Guile looks above to the top of the ladder. The sihlouettes appear and begin to climb down. 

A third sihlouette against the dusk sky nearing black while a forth stand and says loud as Guile steps to a rock ledge.

The rock ledge spans left and right.

,,GUILE, SHAKE,'' hollers Hern. 

The wind carries away the words and push away Guile. Guile peers and steps from the iron barred ladder and steps to the left of the ladder as Shake jumps and lands on the rock ledge.

The wind gusts and pushes Guile and Shake against and along the rock face wall. 

,,THIS WAY!'' shout Guile pulling on shakes tattered tunic ripping the sleave.

Shake shivers and pulls away from Guile's grip.. He looks and sees three climbing down the ladder.

Guile pulls hand and arm and walks away from the ladder agains the rock wall and along the ledge. 

Wind blows cold and numb ears and fingers. Cold wind blows through the blankets around the slippers flowing to the tips of toes. 

Hern stands far above. His still sihlouette stands against the darkening sky like a dot. He hollers, ,,PLEASE RETURN!''

Shake hears. Shake looks from the ledge to Guile then Guile to Hern. He peers into the dark to see the near night sihlouettes of the three climbing down the ladder. He steps and follows Guile.

Guile hears. Guile steps from a jog to a walk scraping shoulder against the walk and step near the walk wall.

The ledge curves around the sheer moutain rock face to a slope of rock and pebbles packed between boulders and the rock wall acsending up. 

Guile's steps kicks loose pepple as he climbs.

The pepple tumble past Shake and down into the depth of darkness below.

Shake follows the rock fall then looks over the Valley.

The sun light dims. Dots of light flicker along the valley and near the base of the moutnain. The lights above begin to shine. The stars above guide with moon light as Shake climbs after Guile.

Snow blows over the rocks and pebbles. Ice coats the surface broke with foot step or hand scoop.

The rock slope funnles to a wide flat plane and cave. The plane wide and long like a wide straight river with sheer to sloping mountain on one shore and sheer drop to the ground on the other shore. The plane flows around a bend. The cave a tall dark opening spaning tall as a tree and wide a a river.

Shake looks at the cave then at Guile standing at the top of the rock slope then behind.

Only rocks are seen tumbling down the slop and over the edige into darkness.

Only Guile stands above. 

Only Guile stand and stares from the cave to the plane of stone and spread mind along the slope of rock and rubble hearing the echos of Shake's thought frozen slow with the numbness of body.

<Where...Where...Why. This is. Feels. Cold. BAck. What have I done. BAck. Where's Hern...Where's...>

Shake's thought echoes twist and talk of thoughts of Grun and the two Warriors of Rose seeing to his  mind like one voice with one though from four people.

<|What, where, why, up, up...Gritlag ah ij olhn slack Guile...Shake. DRAG, Guiles.>

Then the  moon light castes A gate and fence around the plane, and Shake stand by Guile.

Distant shoulds of sheep bahs blow between short pauses in the gusts of cold wind.

Shake shivers and Guile says, and steps, ,,They follow.''

Shake breathes and stands shiver. He rubs his arms and breathes into his hands and he stops and stumbles.

Guile runs the fence, climbs with Shake, falls into a pile of feces. He rolls to a stand and runs across the plane. He forces shout at Shake. >RUN!<

Shake lands and slips breaking through frozen layer of shit and piss to cold stone.

They run. Guile leads through  a field a shit and piss frozen and cracking with step.

Sihlouettes move along the moon light plane. 

,,Where...'' says Shake between buffs and pain. 

>The sheep.<

The sihlouettes become sheep.

Shake and Guile run into the sheep.

Guile falls to ground and scrambles on hands and knees between the spreading path of sheep.

Shake follows and crawls through feces and piss breaking the frozen cover to smooth and chunky shit.

The wind can't blow away the stench. The wind can and does carry the sound of Grun's shout.

,,GUILE YOU LEAD SHAKE TO DEATH!'' hollers Grun.

Shake grins and steps back, says ,,You can't be good when they think you bad,'' falls on a lamb.



