Dreams of castles, goblins and Goblin Port play through the sleeping minds of the pack. Each playing the stoy of The Tower, The Keep, The Castle during their sleep then play the roles of the ruler of the city.  Even Kirra, who hears none of Minst story, has a dream of the creation, fall and rise of the city that surronds.

Kirra wakes covere in a snow blanket with body beathing and feeling warm.

Sun shines through the blue sky casting short shadows toward Set Wax. 

Kirra breathes steam and stands. 

Snow power buffs from ground and float to snow.

Kirre grabs bow and shake bows and dusts black studded leather. She shakes quiver of snow then punches power to the handle and pulls. 

Snow slides from tops and flates from the edige of a cyclindar hole that opens to the floor of a plaftorm to doro and stairs.

Kirra steps down ladder, steps and open's door silent and fast.

Darkness spans to long bright outines along the Wane to the Set. To the Set, dim light rectangles and swuares give depth to doarkens.

Snores and snort give life.

Fumes of sweat, urine, perfumes and farts give area. 

Sihlouettes lay on couch, floor bed and blow the light rectantles glowing faint to the Set.

Kirra steps over the sihlouette of Wiliam and by the bed to a long black rectanle outlined with light. She raches and grabs bottom of hide curtain and lifts the currantl and tuck it between metal rod and wall.

LIGHT BEAMS INTO ROOM. Light shines over Flare and Guile. Light dims over Spear, Willam, Minst. Light illuminates the middle of the ling room.

Flare sees red. She open eyes.

Light blurs to Kirra.

Kirra steps and lifts other hide curtain.

Light shines over Guile's pile of him and rope of Reighn.

William snores. Guile covers heads.

Myst rolls closer to the bottom of bed from the light shining over bed. She grabs her star of Reighn and feels the song sing.

,,We have one less Rise,'' says Kirra.

,,Poetic,'' says Flare.

,,Nothing,'' says Kirra. She sniffs. ''Smells of death.'' She steps over Guile and open door half wide hitting Guile's back.

Flare sniffs. ,,I can not smell the death.'' She coughs. ''I can not smell anything.''

Kirra steps and stand by bed. ,,The illusion vanished.''

Flare rolls on back and stairs at ceiling. ,,I woke now.''

Kirr walks to a pitch and sniffs at the rim smelling water. She drinks from picture.

,,What position is the sun?'' says Flare.

Kirra lowers water pitcher. ,,The sun rise near Zenith.''

,,Zenith.'' Flare rises from bed. ''I have a trial with the section solder at the section box at zenith.''

,,Shake's screaming and chaos,'' says Flare.

Flare stands, grabs small shield and hooks scabbard to side. She dress the black chaim mail shirt letting the chain mail coil hang behind.

Kirra grabs half eaten bread from platter and chews, says, ,,I will journey with you,'' as she grabs and pulls on boots.

Flare nods and pulls knife from boot sheath then slides it back then staps locks along side of boots. She grabs her paper with ten suns over the surface.

,,Need all go,'' says Kirra.

,,No.'' Flare glances at Kirra and stesp to door.

Kirra follows.

Flare leads.

They walk the stairs and through the clean hearth and red rug and door.

Two dwarves sitting wearin hide tunic covered with furs and bead reliefs. Both stare at Kirra and Flare.

Flare and Kirra duck and stand to full height in to the bright white day.

White snow coveres the ground, benches, barrles, awnings and the stone walls of the city.

People stand by streets. A caravan of covered wagons splash wheels through hole and slush. People walk and cover hands. Soldiers walk in pairs along the small street spaning from the wide stone road along the city wall.

Shouts and whistles talk louder than the chatter and blusters of horses stomping past.

Two people shout numbers and point to cages of chickens.

The hold a barrel and grunt.

Flare's and Kirra's feet crunch snow.

They step along wooden and stone walkways, the cobble stone road, over puddles and through people grouped in line before a hotel.

,,Why you dress a soldier?'' says Kirra.

Flare opens eyelids and looks at Minst. ,,I served my service.''

,,In the goblin army?'' says Kirra.

,,Yes,'' say Flare.

Kirra looks at Flare. ,,Who leads your mission?''

Flare looks at Kirra.

Kirra galnces at Flare. ,,Who are loyal to?''

,,Blue and Spear,'' says Flare. ''Me.''

Kirra nods and stesp with Flare over the snow and streets to the growd semicircles.

Tents and booths, shake and blankets. cover ground. People walk arond. Drums and guites flow with cinimon and mint smoke. A wiff o sage leads the day and the path  of Flare and Kirra. 

They step and shuffle and push through mud and stench. 

People point dirty nails and hand at strips of port anking from a booth. Mud boot and shoes tap next furs and stretch pelets. Fires burn and smoke. People talk and shoutl. 

Some one raisea a flapping chicked. A groud laughts.

Drums and guitars play to the pace of the growd

Kirra and Flare walk the bizzar toward the soldier box near the Rise and Set. 

A line stretches from the soldier's box to the bizzar.

Soldiers walk along the line and nods and talk with each the people waiting in line.

,,The line to the box,'' says Flare. 

Flare and Kirra splash slush and walk through a stream of smoke flowing from a steel trailer's windows. 

They stand. 

The line moves and grows as the showdos move from the Set and Wax to the Wax.

Kirra and Flare near the box entrance.

Three people walk from the box holding rolled paper and talking loud orge. The orgers grunt and swat at the soldier box.

Two soldiers walk either side of the line.

One stops by Flare and clicks and clacks.

Flare and the soldiers talk. One by Kirra stands and laughs.

The soldiers nods.

,,Why laughing,'' says watching the soldiers walk the line and peer at the people standing. 

,,They believe I am your leader,'' says Flare. ''They laugh me leading you.''

,,Why,'' says Kirra. 

Flare stands. ,,I am the soldier they respect.'' She folds arms. ''They would not respect me if I told them you were my master.'' Flare clicks and clacks. ''My resepect will get us more.''

Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods head back, settles shoulders, says, ,,Know surface talk?''

,,Yes,'' says Flare. ''I know surface talk.''

,,Soldiers.'' says Kirra.

Flare nods. ,,Those soldiers to not speak surface talk.''

Kirra shrugs shoulders while nodding head back. Hand around dagger hilt falls and hangs.

They stand. Kirra watch the people trade and depate over a snow rex hide and fur. Flare stands at attention and stares along the line to the red door of the black room of the section box.

The shadows of people, wagons carts, ox-goblins move toward the Wax. 

The line moves, and Kirra and Flare stand quiet then step to a red door on the black box.

Two soldiers with small shields and short swords stand on sided of red door.

A hugoblin wearing ocversalls and a hide coat leaves from the side of the black room. A soldiers walks behind and pushes the hugoblins. Thick and peircing clicks send off the farmer and guide the soldier into the black box.

The red door of black box opens. 

A loud click strikes. 

,,I step,'' says Flare. ''You follow.''

Kirra steps after Flare into the box.

The box is as wide one bed and one window room. Four small glowing globes hover in the four corners of the ceiling. Black walls blend with black chain mail and black studs of red leather armor of the four soldier with shields and short swords standing by a raised chair. 

A hugoblins wearing studded leather armor sits in the high chair. The dull steel studded red leather armor is brown at the creases and shades of brown through the faded red of the leather. Dull green skin wrinkles over oval face and skinny goblin nose. Eyes peer through slit so sink a long flat brow. 

Flare lifts hand and holds paper before the high chair.

A soldier at side of Flare grabs paper and raiese hand to let the paper rest on the lap of the section soldier.

The section leader clicks and clacks, grabs Flare's paper. The section soldier raise paper to brow and peers, nods and waves hand. 

A soldier clicks.

Flare pulls the roll paper with ten black suns over surface to the sodlier.

the soldier lifts the paper with the ten black suns toward the section soldier.

The section soldier grabs the paper spits on the paper eight times then drops the paper to floor.  

The paper with two black suns floats to floor.

A door opens to the wax and the shadow. 

The section soldier clicks twice and waves hand toward door.

Flare nods. ,,We leave.'' 

Flare grabs spit covered paper.

Seven soldiers funnel Flare and Kirra from the box.

KIrra stands.

The sections soldier looks at Kirra then points at Kirra and yells at Flare. ,,You move your warrior.''

Kirra steps back. Her shouders hits Flares as she steps through teh side door into the snow, cold and air. 

Flare nods at the section soldier and follows Kirra.

Kirra walks through the crowds of the bizzar, along the street, between the people with the talk, the shout, the laughters.

Ox-goblins bluster and clomp.

A line of oxen pulling wagons spans from gate to the curve of the wall toward the ware hosue.

Kirra hears Flares chain mail behind. She says loud enough for Flare to hear, ,,You have two suns.''

,,We have two suns on paper,'' says Flare.

Kirra pull paper from boot while walking without pause. She unfolds paper.

Two black suns are on paper.

,,The soldiers like not disonnace nor disobediance.'' Flare quick steps to walk with Kirra. ''Shake is a Speeder.''

,,Yes,'' says Kirra. ''It will kill him.''

Flare nods.

They walk with tens of hundreds of people walk along the road. They walk into Den and Hearth and walk up the stairs to door.

Kirra open door.

Spear moan and rolls to a stance with war hammer gripped in hand.

Spear and Kirra stare. Spear feel Flare.

Flare steps in to room.

Room is lite with sunlight shining through large window.

Minst sleeps on sofa. William sleeps on floor. Shake sleeps on bed. Minst sleeps on floor by foot of bed. Guile sleeps by open door.

Spear rubs hands over arms. ,,I was sweating. Now I shiver. Have sickness or the cold is in.''

,,Smells,'' says Kirra. She walk to door and shuts door.

Flare says, ,,We have two sun on paper.''

Spear looks at Flare.

Flare raises the paper with suns.

Spear looks at his paper with only two black suns. He kicks William. ,,william. We have two rises until we leave.'' Spear kicks at William.

William knocks Spear's foot from kick, hold it. ,,What?'' He peers. ''Carlos here?''

,,No Carlos,'' says Spear. HE raises hand and aims it for Shake's back as Shake lays fetal on bed.

,,Wait,'' says William. ''Lets talk before we wake Shake.''Guile wakes after hearing name of Shake. Guile lays and listens.

William grabs his paper with sun. ,,Two suns. Why?''

Spear feels from Flare to say, ,,The section soldier removed sun from paper for Shake's actions of the night.''

William sits against bed. ,,Carlos broke Shake's drug.''

,,You took it?'' says Spear. 

,,He stole it?'' says William. ''I let him keep it.'' William stares. ''It was my fault.''

,,Shake is grown,'' says Kirra.

William stares. 

Flare says, ,,We have two rises.''

,,What happens if we remain longer?'' says William.

Flare looks to the sun through the window. ,,They find us. They throw us out. They keep us out.''

Willaim says, ,,Two rises. Two more rises. One night. One day. Two nights. We leave.''

Kirra chews bread and grabs some ham on a platter. ,,Night one.'' She puts food to side of mouth. ''Go.''

Spear nods. 

William stares. 

Flare steps from the window and eats potatoes from patter.

,,Where did the platter gome from?'' says William.

A silver patter resting on the stone of the empty hearth. The platter is the size of a chair with reliefs of a line of servants holding food in line to a king and inline to a god. The platter hold blood sausage, long thin bread, a round bread, swamp weed, bowls of oats, a small sack of grain, cook salted pork and pot with a cover
.

Spear pulls the lid from the pot.

Steam rises through the room.

The room is bright with shadows caste from the bottoms or sides of windows. The sun light illuminates the books along the sheld and the releif carvmings along the ediges of bookshelves. The sun shines on the hearth of stone with a shatter chiminey. The sun shines upon hte mud tracks adn the open door. The sun shines on the snow of the deck.

With mouth full, Kirra says and sprays bread, ,,Carlos. That...That...'' She points to the door and below. ''Here when entered.

,,Gregor, Carlos'' says Minst. ''Why are you loud?'' Minst rubs template and moans. ''I feel like I am going fast then slow then fast without moving.'' He rubs eyes and rolls over to use the back of sofa to block sun. ''Why bright? Cold.''

Spear sniffs the soup. A smooth sage base fumes through body and creates the smell of greats. 
 
Flare says, ,,Smells like ox-goblins fat soup.'' Flare grabs a cup by the platter and dips it into the purple soup. ''Ox-Goblin Stew.''

William rubs sore shoulder. ,,It be cold.'' William stands. ''Where's Carlos?''

Minst coughs. ,,Watching dragon eggs.'' Minst lays with eyes closed. ''Maybe we can find him tonight after we have rested this light and the coming night.'' Minst yawns. 

William stands and shivers. ,,We have no time.''

,,We have ten suns,'' says Minst slow to silence.

William dips a cup in the bowl and eats and drinks the Ox-Goblins Stew. ,,We have two rises left on paper.''

Minst grabs his paper and leans back to open it before.

Only two black suns are on paper. 

He squints. ,,How?''

William drinks and eats the stew.

Spear says chewing, ,,Shake. Last night.''

Minst touches the spine of his spell book. Then he jumps to a seat. ,,I need to read. I have. If we.'' He grabs his spell book. His head thumps and pumps and vision blurs to a focues. He squints and presses against temple.

,,We should wake Myst,'' says Spear.

William swallows. ,,Myst. Shake. Guile,'' says William. ''We are we going to need to wake anyone.''

Spear swallos and looks at William. ,,Where are we goin?''

The thump in Minst mind calms, and his vision clears to a focus. He hears Spear's question and says, ,,The tower.''

,,The tower,'' says Flare.

,,What tower,'' says Kirra. ''The one we see.''

,,Yes,'' says Minst.

,,Why?'' says Spear. ''Because of Carlos's story about William's family?''

Minst looks from spell book and grabs the book The Tower, The Keep, The Castle. ,,No this book. This book tells of William's family creating the tower.'' Minst looks at the spell book and stares at his spell book.

Spear looks at the book and eats.

William says, ,,What story does the book tell?''

Minst says holds the book, reads away the thumps and bumps in heads and says slow and calm. ,,The book tells a tale of William's family help creating this city and using the tower as a point of ruling then after many years the family losing power unilt NAMEOFLICH  leaves only to return with the help of a guild and begin to control the city from the tower. It tells of why and how the the tower, the keep and the castle were made.'' He lowers hands and loses voice to hte reliefs  and shapes that form around his sight in and out of his mind.

,,What, Minst,'' says William.

Minst stares at his spell book.

Spear swallows. ,,I had a dream about a tower, a keep and a castle. We entered to chase a ghost and found darkness. The dream changes to a feeling of loss and travel. Like a desert. Hot, bright, endless.''

,,Minst,'' says William. ''What did the book read to be the fait of the greatest of grandparents?''

Minst reads.

William says. ,,I to had a dream. Of the tower. The castle. Of ruling the city then running to find it leave. The tower was the one we see, but not here. Somewhere.''

,,MYST,'' says Spear loud. Spear looks at William. ''We have two suns. We have dreams and a path. Time to wake.''

William eats.

Spear bites sausage chews, steps by Myst and shovers food to cheek. ,,MYST.'' The voice nearly shakes windows.

Myst sleeps in a tower top in an empty room with window walls displaying a city of light all around. The light flicker and glow notes that play a song that playes and sways the top of the tower. The lights rise and circle and twinkle with the stars then the notes. The lights and the song fade as it flows toward the Rise from Myst and the tower. Then Myst floast like sound and stare light to the rise. The lights and song rises and sooths with strings the lands hard with the shouted lyric of, ,,MYST.'' Then a soft new lyric like voice says. ,,Myst, please wake for we need your thoughts.''

,,Myst,'' says William. ''Please wake for we need your thoughts.''

Myst sees light from the shadows, feels the cold and smells the stench of fat of Ox-goblin. She wrinkles the nose and says near a sneer. ,,What's that smell?''

,,Ox-goblins Stew,'' says William.

Spear grunts and chews and steps to the soup bowl.

,,Smell of the underworld where they bury the bodies of sin,'' says Myst.

Flare glances a sneer at Myst that Myst doesn't see, but Kirra sees and Spear feels.

Spear sniffs the stre. ,,Ox fats and sage.'' He dips a cup and eats and drinks. Kirra eats and drinks the stew and feels its warmth spear through her. Her heart beats and body warms. Small aches and sore muscles sooth like the steam of the stew massages the muscles.

Flare looks through the windows. ,,The stew heals.''

,,Reighn heals. That harms the nose.'' Myst rolls on back and looks at Spear. ''You are louds, Spear, and your voice woke from from a dream flaoting with the Lights of Rieghn and the song of Reight from a tower top to the rise.''

Spear glances at Myst. ,,A tower?''

,,Yes, I was sleeping at the top, over a city at night.'' She looks at the ceiling and sees the reliefes of clouds and flying beast carved over the ceiling surface. She hears the strings and horn notes play low and long in mind. ''There was a song. I floated with the song and the lights to the rise. I woke.''

,,It is why we woke.'' William knees before Myst. ''Spear and I had a dream of the tower. Minst read a book about the tower. And now we have only two suns to remain in the city, and we wonder where to go.''

,,Two sun?'' says Myst.

,,Shake,'' says Spear. He drinks water and looks at Myst.

William stands. ,,Shake.'' He was to Shake.

Mouths chew and smacke. Lips lick. Noses snort and breath. 

Minst reads.

,,The tower,'' says Myst. ''If not to do as Carlos desire then to see the inside of a destiny we seem to sing by our testemonies.'' Myst stretches. ''I do not guide easy with visions and dreams, but from Lyno to know we are here for the tower.''

William swallows. ,,Yes, the tower. I wish to follow the words of Myst for the tower. Spear, Kirra?''

Spear eats, shrug sholders and nods head back.

Kirra says a muffled, ,,Tower.''

Flare says, ,,I want to enter the tower.'' Flare steps. ''I want to help.''

The words play on Myst song low, but leave a glow through Spear. Spear feels from around the reaction of Flare's words. Spear looks at William.

William huffs and shrug and castes a raw feeling of fear and mistrust of Flare.

The room is quiet even of eating sounds. 

Then the door slam - BANG!

All look at the door to the deck.

Shake moans then rolls to back and coveres head. 

Guile hears the talk, the bang and Shake's moan. Guile feels shake moan and the sufficating pain spread slow from head to body. Guile feels trapped between time, talk and actions as his thoughts are slow then fast the stop like all time is paused. Guile focus on the connection with Shake and sends a song not a shout through the thought  rope connected with Shake.

Shake shivers, sleeps and wakes between to be timeless.

Guile shivers and feels timeless until he hears the pack talk.

,,And Guile,'' says William. He glances at Flare, who stares at him. ''Guile.'' He looks at Guile. ''And Guile.''

,,GUILE,'' says Spear. Spear chews and watches the Reigh of Rope shake slight from a shiver. He hears a breathe from Guile. ''Guile, rise and talk. We have no time.''

Guile hears, ,,GUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLE...GuileRiseAndTalkWeHaveNoTime.'' He hears a song that is neither fast nor slow with the voices and sounds from the physical world.

The song Guile hears sings from Shake's mind. The chorus are tones and hums of mouth from Myst, the strings of William and a loud shout of MYST.

Shake sees timelessness. Shake jerks and body convulses between time.

Shake's body flops and shakes and quivers over the ground like the rattle at the end of snakes tail.

William steps and reaches.

,,No,'' says Myst. 

William steps from Shake.

Shake's body flops over ground. Head vibrates a blur. Fingers wiggle while arms flap. Shake's minds is focus on the ceiling as it skips through time. 

Guile sees from Shake's mind the blur and focus on ceiling. >The Ceiling,< sees Guile to shake mind. >|The ceiling. The ceiling.< Guile creates an image of the ceiling in his mind then Shakes. >|Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake...< sees Guile into Shakes mind.

Shake hears his name and the song. 

The song is hummed by Myst.

Myst stands as Guile is seeing, >|Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake...< into Shake's mind. Myst steps and sings and grabs her Star of Reighn.

The Star of Reighn Vibrate like a tuning fork helping Myst find the right tone to sing for Shake.

She lowers her tone, and Shake thinks. <Shake. Shake...Shake. ...Shake...> and hears the Song of Reighn.

Shake's body slows quiver and spams and vibratiosn. His body writhes like a snake then slithers to still.

Shake breathes deeps and stares at the ceiling. 

Guile sees the ceiling through Shake and reads Shake's mind.

<|Thanks Guile,> Thinks Shake. 

shake breathes.

William kneels. 

Myst hums and closes her eyes. 

Kirra, Spear and  Flare eat and drink.

Minst reads his book then is startled when Guile shouts. ,,SHAKE.''

Guile shouts, ''SHAKE,'' after Shake's existence pauses and is lost. The mental stream between their minds snaps like a door shut. Guile leaps from the Rope of Rieghn and drags it to Shake. 

William steps toward Guile.

Myst hears the shout and feels Shake slips from body. 

Guile pulls on Shake and tug at him. 

William pushes Guile away from Sjhake and to the ground. 

Guile shouts. ,,OUTSIDE! COLD! TIME SHOCK.'' 

William steps at Guile.

Spear grabs Shake.

Shake's body hangs like dead, steps to deck and rolls his body on the snow and ice frozen over wood boards.

Shake feels. Shake sees the sky. Shake touches the cold. He breathes.

William grabs Guile, lifts Guile and slams Guile againt the wall between the door and window. ,,Speak.''

Guile stares. His limp body hangs. He says, ,,Shake's boy was lost in time. His mind was lost in time. And his body is part of time.''

Minst swallows, stands. Traces of white, yellow and purple lines draw line flowing up and down thorugh and around in one fluid flow through the room to cirlce around Guile and William then fade as Minst says, ,,What happened with Shake?''

Shake breathes clouds of white. Sweat dries. ,,William.''

Spear steps from the door and swallows. ,,Shake's alive.''

,,What happened?'' says Minst as he steps from sofa and to the couch and to Guile.

William lets Guile fall.

Guile falls to the floor and sits. He pulls rope over body from the cold. ,,I am unware of the exact feeling of any magic relief, but something had drawn him from his body and beyond time.'' Guile looks at Minst. ''I was reading his mind seeing to him to focus. Seeing him is name. Then there was  void. It was nothing. The stream between the two was gone. It was like the time I seen death to the goblins with a troll moan.''

,,The troll moan,'' says William. William steps past Minst and to Shake.

Minst says, ,,The troll moan.''

,,The trolls moan kills by finding a tone deep to sooth the body. It is beyond time. It is a force beyond magic or Gods. It is of nature I have found to be captured by mind.'' Guile nods. ''I was able to translate the tone into a psonic force to detach one's thoughts with mind and loose it in time feeling the vibration of the troll moan.''

While Guile talks, William steps to the frozen deck. ,,Shake.''

Shake breathes. ,,William.'' Shake looks at William. ''Where are we going?''

,,We,' says William. ''We go to the tower.'' William stares. ''You stay here.''

Shake stares at William. ,,Wait one night. I will be ready as the rise. We have time.''

William stares at Shake. ,,We have two more suns.''

,,Why?'' says Shake.

William says, ,,Your actions last night.''

Shake stares at William. He feels the cold burn, numb body and mind. Shake says, ,,It would be best to enter during the morning. Take the night to rest.'' He sits and stands.

,,No,'' says William. William steps from deck through door too room by Myst.

Myst holds Stare of Reighn and sings a near silent morning prayer. 

William walks to food.

Spear, Kirra and Flare eat. 

Guile glances at food and listens to Minst.

Minst said and says, ,,Your use of the troll moan to mimic with your own psionic skills. I don't know much about psionic. Had a friend who could move pebbles and rocks then boulders with mind. He kind of went crazy. I read this book last night about the tower and the illusionist, and it had me dreaming of illusions last night an how they require believe within the mind of it existing, and I now wonder if psionic is not similar. I'd be interested in knowing more about how your read Shake's mind.''

William glances at Guile.

Guile stands nods. ,,I must eat.'' He steps to door and by Myst, says, ''Shake.''

Shake shivers.

Guile says, ,,Food. Drink.'' 

,,No,'' say Shake.

Guile hears the, ,,No,'' and follows the words, the tone and the emotion to flow to Shake's mind.

Shake says, ,,Not hungry.''

Guile feels and thinks with Shake and eats. Guile hears the Song of Reign in Shake's mind as Shake calm.

Shake breathes the cold morning air and eats the bright sun burning his eyes until they are dry and his entire body wants mind to let blink the eyelids. Shakes feet feeling nothing. Ankles stand on cold clumps. The still air frozen. 

Snow lays everywhere. A sheet of ice beneath.

Shake steps and breaks the ice, steps through door and says, ,,What time is it?''

,,If we are to leave by morning, then I want a bath,'' says Guile. ''I would give my Heart Dagger for a bath in the Rose Oils. They would heal the pain in foot.''

,,No cleaning,'' says Spear. ''Then the monsters will smell you.''

Flare says, ,,We bathe.''

Spear says, ,,Are the monsters smelling of mint into the center of the city?''

Flare pivots head side to side. ,,No.'' Flare swallows. ''We bathe.'' Flare and Spear stare. ''Our scent will tell the monsters we are strangers.''

Spear shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,We bathe.'' Spear clears throat and swallows. ''We need special dress.''

,,We wear white robes for the snow.'' Flare steps. ''We will need perfume.'' Flare picks a peice of sauges between finders and bitss.

,,Do we have money?'' says Minst.

William pulls the kniffted silk blanket from bed top. ,,These sheets are whiter than snow.''

,,And thinner than snow flakes.'' Flare swallows. ''We get thick white ropes. They of hte upper section wear the whitest. The snow will bring bright.''

,,We don't need money,'' says Shake.

,,Yes,'' says William. ''We need money Shake.''

Shake shrugs and then body freezzes in place. 

Minst says, ,,How do we get into the castle. I read no one enters the caste around the keep around the tower. If we are going to get white ropes. If we are going to get into the tower, we need a plan how. What else do we need, Flare?''

Shake moves from time. ,,We bathe. We dress. We got to the castes,'' says Shake.

William nods. ,,No.'' He looks at Shake. ''We go. You remain until that poison leaves you body. After we return we will met.'' 

,,No,'' says Shakes as he arm vibrates and hand flops. Hi sother arm grabs. ''You find white robes.'' He clenches jaw. ''I'll find what I need.''

,,Speed,'' says Kirra.

,,Poson will not cure poison,'' says Spear.

Shake's arm stop. ,,I got the money. I got the time. I find what I find. I can get it. Not that I need it.''

Minst walks to the platter. ,,What about baths?'' He picks at food.

,,And when are we going to the castle?''

Minst stops her song. ,,And Carlos? We know not where he be.''

,,Gone,'' says Shake. ''Waiting to take the small shield.''

,,Do trust in an an illusion?'' Spear burps. He sits on bed. 

,,An illusion, no.'' William chews.

Guile burps and clears throat, swallow. ,,And what if there are no anoswers in the tower?''

,,Then are fate will still be,'' peers Shake. He pauses midstep and falls to ground. 

Spear walks past with mug and nudges Shake. ,,Fate.''

Kirra smiles. ,,Take money for the robes and bathes.''

Minst grabs a slice of cheese and an apple. ,,Where are we going? What are we going to do? Are we going to stay here tonight? We have two days? We need robes? We need bathes. We have to find away in. What? What are we going to do?''

All stand and look at the Minst.

Shake skips and rolls and blinkes feeling with time. He looks at William.

Then one by one the rest of th back looks at William.

William looks at the pack and swallows the bread and drinks. ,,We ask Gregor for a place to bathe and oils. We clean. We find white ropes that are proper and posh. We leave this room for a nother room near the castle. We talk. If we find nothing or Carlos by the next rise we use the sun to enter the castle.''

,,If we find nothing in the tower, but fate,'' says Shake.

William holds cup by lip. ,,We ask Fate where we go.''

Flare wipes hands and walks to grab her shield. ,,I will buy the robes while you bathe.'' She looks at William. ''I wear amror and sword and smell. The people respect a soldier guard.''

,,Who are you loyal?'' says William.

Flare looks at William. ,,Blue and Spear.''

The pack sans Kirra look at Flare.

Spear says, ,,Then you are loyal to the pack.''

Flare and William stare.

Shake says, ,,Not getting my money if got no-'' His lips freeze.

William steps from hearth with cub and sits on the edge of bed. ,,Why do you want to quest with us?''

Flare says, ,,I can not return. John the Goblins drag me over streets. I told trolls of trape. I lead you way. I destroyed a road.'' Flare wipes hands on towels. ''I have no work. You need a goblin face.''

William exhales and looks at Shake. ,,We need your money.''

Shake sees and feels and hears with time, but body is paused timeless. Shake stares at the ceiling.

Guile sees to Shake, >Your money Shake. Where is it?<

Shake thinks, <You have money.>

Guile sees to Shake. >The money I hold will be our secret money.<

Shake thinks, <YOu give your money the William. They will respect you.>

Guile sees to Shake, >Then our money wouldn't be secret to us.<

,,Shake,'' says William.

Shake thinks, <There is a thight cylindar pocket in the branching armor holding the gold coins in a row. There are silver and copper around the wrists of the branching armor. A few coins are in my pocket.>

Guile says, ,,Shake thought for me the location of his coins.'' He looks at Flare. ,,How much will white ropes, rooms, food bathes and supplies to get into the caslte cost.''

Flare says, ,,A thousand coin.''

,,A thousands coin,'' says Shake louds as his mind and lips both find time.

Minst steps, grabs bread, says, ,,What weight of the three metals value as coin?''

Flare says. ,,Standard coin. 1 coin copper, 10 coin silver, 100 coin gold.'' Flare drinks and eats some Ox goblins Stew.

Minst steps and sits on sofa and reads.

Shake opens mouth and pauses.

Guile eats saauasgea and chews and thinks a feeling of Shake's body and feels the bracer like rings of coins of eight gold, eight silver and eight copper with two copper and a silver in pocket. 

,,Shake has nine hundred credits of gold coins,'' says Guile as he feels through shake the slight weight and the coin elements of each coin. 

Shake think over and over and over, <Look in the sack on bundle. Look in the sack of the bundle. Look in the sack of the bundle.>

Guile says, ,,Shakes pack and bundle.''

William eats and step to pack. He grabs Shakes stained mud, blood pack and tosses it to Guile. He wipes hand on his Blue's Armor. ''And says Blue,'' between chews. A song takes William's thought with Myst.

Myst hums away a slight pain in her hand and her mind and kneels by Shake.

The pack hit and puff of musk and sweart fume room.

Guile coughs and steps and chews food near Minst and the door.

William swallows bits of blood sausage and says, ,,The pack.'' He swallows again. ''Thought you need the pack.''

,,Shake was repeating a thought about the pack.'' Guile says, ,,There was fumes.''

Myst stops singing, steps from Shake and says, ,,No song of mind will pull Shake to the time. The poison is from body. The smell will give Shake a sense of time.''

Shake moves and grabs his pack and opens pack and dumps back on ground. He a sack wrapped in a worn shirt on a pile of vails, blow guns, dart, a dagger, twine, paper, feather, rings, small wax figure of a cat. 

Shake opens sack.

The sack holds tow blow guns, three small quiver of darts. A beaker, a book, a root and a gold necklace and hemp rope beaded loop.

,,What are there? Are they worth anything. The quivers. Enought for the credits? More.'' Shake looks at Flare.

Flare puts bowl on hearth by platter and walks to Shake and needs. ,,The necklaces are prayer and herd beads.'' She lifts the necklaces. The beads on the necklace denote battles. The knots are kills. Only achidemic over desert but. She grabs one of the three small quivers.

The quivers are two finger wide cylinders as long as the middle finger of Spear. The suface of each quiver is black with white marks in rows from end to end of the cylindar. The base of the quiver turns slow, smooth. 

Flare turns the base.

As the base of the blow gun quiver turns, the end of a dart rises from the center of quiver.

The top of the quiver spreads at the center around the dart end.

Flare raise a blow gun qiver before Shake. ,,I sale one breath dark case for one to two throusand credit.'' 
 
Shake rises to to sit and leans at Flare. ,,How much will these sale across the desert?''

,,The knowledge is not min'' Flare shakes the blow gun quiver in grasp. ''I away from my land for many season.''

,,Where were you from?'' says William. ''And what battle's where you in.''

Flare glares at Wiliam. ,,I born in a hamlet near Grandling. I fight from Port-City. I find fight useless.''

,,How did you journey to City Port?'' says Minst as he sorts his components on the sofa.

,,Teleport,'' says Flare.

,,Teleport?'' says Minst, William, Spear.

Shake says, ,,All goblinkin teleported?''

,,Yes,'' says Flare.

William puts -x-goblin stew bowl on hearth. ,,The war marchines we seen rolling to the Rise were teleported?''

,,Yes,'' says Flare.

,,The giants,'' say sShake.

,,Yes,'' says Flares.

Shake and Flare stare. ,,The goblins, the carts, weapons, armor, hey, all the things we saw. All the soldiers and animals.'' Shake opens eyes wide. ''Teleported.''

,,No magic teleported. Few food teleported,'' says Flare.

Minst stands from sofa. 

The pack looks at Flare.

Minst dumps a handful of components onto the sofa. ,,Where were you transported from and to?''

Flare clicks. ,,Glik Ctl Jik.'' Flare says, ''Grandling.''

,,How did you learn surface talk,'' says Minst.

William says louder and says and tries to click. ,,After Glik Ctl Jik?''

Flare looks at William. ,,Desert Port. I trained in Desert Port. Goblins teleported from over the planes. WE train and teleport to Goblin Port.''

,,And fought and killed innocents,'' says William. He looks away.

,,No,'' says Flare. ''No warrior needed when the people surrender.''

Minst says and steps and leans on sofa arm, ,,You were choosen for you fluent surface talk.''

,,Yes,'' says Flare. ''I talk and fight.'' Flare looks at William. ''I fight more goblins than humans.''

Flare stands and poinst to the blow gun quiver, ,,I sell for many thousands of credits.''

Shake looks at the other tow quiver. ,,Sell one.'' He grabs the two quviers and a blow gun. His jaw tense and flexes. His toes cramp. He quivers and retches the muscles. ''A bathe. I want a bath.''

,,You go no where?'' William grabs his bowl of stew. ''You remain.''

Minst looks from Flare to his components. He steps to the components and says, ,,Where are do all the giants and machines teleport?''

Flare looks at Minst then William then Spear. ,,In the mountain.'' Flare looks to bowl of ox-goblin. ''On moutain teleports to. One moutain teleports from.''

Minst says while moving components over the sofa surface. ,,Do you see what item or wizard teleported you to and from the locations?''

,,I see no wizard before, during, after,'' says Flare. ''I see many, ten and hundreds a disks that look like shield.'' Flare kicks at her shield.

,,Like the disk I have in our possession,'' says Willaim. He pulls pack Hern's Bag and pulls out the disk.

The disk shines in the morning light. It's silver surface gleams and shines the sun.

A beam of light shines on Shake head and eyes.

Shake tries to cover eyes and speak, but freezes. He hears and feels the pain from the light.

,,Is this like the disks you have seen,'' says William.

All the pack look at Flare.

,,Yes,'' say Flare.

Shake's pain finds time. Shake coughs and shakes away tension in jaw. ,,Disks, teleports, castles. ''Shake gathers his vials, peakers, wax figure, string bits, buttons, blow guns, necklaces, knives and stuff them in his sack. He grabs a piece of carcoal and puts it in pocket. ,,Whose going to spend my money?''

