
,Will I ever get my money." Carlos shrugs and smiles. He slides hand over velvet vest and to leather belt under the sash, unhooks latch and pulls out the flute. He wipes the tip and puts tip to mouth.

Rythmic sounds of flowing bliss carry the breeze away

Carlos walks down the middle of the road.

The pine trees recess and thin beyond road's edge. Houses and stables rest in center of cleared forest. Pine needs lay around. The stone roads runs smooth. The edges of rock flat and smooth.

Carlos blows soft and long twisting the sound in loops then strait to a cresendo of short spans of excitement.  

Row houses are left to write as Carlos walks down the middle of the road. Row hourss two levels boxed wall to wall. Iron bound wood doors mount frame adorned with anvil and hammers. Wood houses become stone hotels and stone stores. The street is a sheet of fitte rockes. 

Shouts and whistles becomes the chorus of Carlos's song.

Carlos lower flute.

Lights shine windows and doors or corner building casting yellow into an intersection of stone road and stone buildings.  The building three levels of illuminated windows. Shillouttes pass and couple before windows. Horses and a donkey are tie to posts and kick and settle. Puffs of white breathe from nose. 

The breeze becomes a breeze. 

Signs hung from a wood awning swing and squeek.

Glass shatter sounds spreads.  

Carlos slide flut under sash, grips hammer hand. He walks to the  right side of the road under the awning and closer to the darkness.

Two people run rom corner door of building. One runs shouting and the other slices clever through empty air. One runs into the middle of the intersection. Other stands near door and stare at two men stumbling and tipping from door. 

One hold a shirt over chest and holds up girdle. Her body near naked shakes and temples. Tears roll down her eyes.

,,THAT'S ENOUGH," shouts the other. She swings the clever at the approching men. 

The mens step back from clever swing, sway and laugh. One ties the lace of pants and kicks on a stuck boot, says, ,,I didn't pay for half-human."

Carlos silently walks the shadows to the intersection. 

A man raises a dagger and another a short sword. The couple step back and one swings a clever. ,,BACK!" she yells. 

The Inn light shines behind Carlos.

The other half-elf woman continues to scream and pulls a dagger from under shirt over breasts. She stops screaming turns and thows daggars stabbing the hand of the man holding sword. He drops the sword.

The other human woman swing fist and punch the man with knife square in the nose.

A couple and a group step from inn and stand near Carlos and watch.

The half-elf pulls and nother dagger between shirt and breasts then slips shirt over chest and body. She pulls of the dress to reveal tight leather pants. 

,,Lots of fights," says Carlos.

,,No," says the man of the couple. "Use to be more."

Two huge humans flex naked muscled chests pushing through people walk from the four corner bars and Inns. Some people point and laugh. Others bet.

,,People leaving," says the woman of the couple. "No business. No jobs."

Carlos whistles like an owl and opens palm so thumbs cross then flutters hands like wings. 

The two huge humans pushes into circle around women and two fallen men.

An owl flies from the roof tops and swoops upon the heads of a huge human.

And owl one screams.

An old man behind Carlos says, ,,That illusion is as fake as my leg." He clomps wooden peg on wooden walkway. 

The one woman jumps, spins and kicks huge humans huge head. Her fist flies and punches throat of huge human. 

The huge human clasps throat. 

The woman step back from the crowd watching the other huge human claw his face and scream and say, ,,OWL! ...OWL! OWL."

Old man behind Carlos hollers, ,,WE GOT US A DWARF."

People stop tranferring money, whispering, pointing, taunting, starring at the two women and look at Carlos. 

Old man raises cane, ,,He's the one making that idiot think there's a owl scratching face."

Carlos bows and looks left and right. 

 ,,TRATIOR," screams from the torch light.    

People pull knifes and swords from sheaths. They stare at Carlos. 

The two woman walk away and into crows. The people walk at Carlos and past the men on the ground.

Three men lay still on ground. One rubs palms over head. 

Carlos steps back with palm showing and held at sides. He bunps into something.  A forearm wraps around his neck. Carlos drops to the ground. 

A wide swung mace swings above Carlos's decending head into a person's chest. 

Carlos tumbless between the persons legs, lays on back, kick legs out and kicks the humans knees.

The man falls.

A loud crack. People scream and run past Carlos. Carlos rolls stands, pulls on shash and flickers.

A loud crack snaps mob chatter. 

The wooden aweing over gambling house falls down.

People shout and run from awaning and past Carlos.

The torches on the awning set fire to a wagon full of straw. 

Carlos runs through people running away from burning awning.

The two women run along the side of the Bar and Betting Parlor then from the fire light to the show night. 

People clear area arond burning awning and facade.

Carlos pushes way between people slipping and slidding and walking behind backs and under tip-toe lifte people starring over heads to watch people dip and throw buckets of water from troff to the fire.

People beginning to tun and talk and spread gossip with the topic, ,,Dwarf." ,,Where's the dwarf?" ,,The Dwarf?" ,,Need the dwarf?" 

People step back and look down at ground. 

Carlos pulls flour from pouch and sings and F flat. He disappears.

,,HE WAS RIGHT HERE!" a boy shouts. The boy raises dirty arm and points and jumps at space in crowd.

People run from Bar and Parlor Inn. People step from windows and long step to street. 

The fires spread from awning to walls.

The the fire disppears. Smoke smolders and red coals glow and dim with the breeze.  

Darkness is.

The a bright ball of light shines above the intersection.

People raise hands and hats blocking the light. They walk backward away from the bright light shining above the center mass.

Carlos's shadow castes along the open space between people and the burnt awning.

I man drops bail and points, ,,A SHADOW."

Smoke billows and puffs. Carlos raises hanging end of sash and steps into smoke.

,,DWARF!" hollers.

,,Wizard," says Carlos.

A gust of wind blows smoke away. 

Carlos invisible body pops into view.  Carlos stands at corner of charred awing and walk way.   

People walk to the charred awning. The shaodws caste across  the ground. 

People talk and point at Carlos.

Carlos looks at the smoldering bulding and at the people.

The couple and groups walk closer together to to Carlos. Muttering becomes talk. Talk becomes shouts. Shouts to, ,,GET HIM," ,,NOW!" ,,DO IT!"

The mob rushes Carlos.

Carlos pulls hammar from sash. Carlos swings hammers snaping beam of overhang. He runs under the awning to to the wall.

The beam sanps. More of the awning falls and slide forward, and rest like a lean-to between the people and the entrance to Pub and Parlor Inn. 

Carlos runs the newly fallen tunnel to the opening at the cornor of building, walkway and intersection. 

Carlos covers sash over face and runs into the smokey Pub  and Parlor. He runs between dice tables and card tables.  People still sit at bar and drink mead and spirits. People sit at table with cards raised and face fixed and still.

The people look up from mugs and charred wall and at Carlos. 

A haze of smoke tears eyes. Blurr path to stairs to the left.

A drunk snores and coughs Two people climb out far east window to road. Woman shuts iron door and locks it.     

Carlos puts hand over mouth and coughs. He runs up stairs runs East along walkway and row of doors. Some open some closed. Some moans and some screams are. Carlos looks for ona open door. 

All doors are close. 

Carlos run to the upper East window. He opens the wooden frames pane and climbs out gripping the frame the gap between stones and up the wall to the wooden roof. 

A loud crash of awning all falling to ground clashes with shouts of, ,,IS IT IS HERE!"

Carlos grabs roof shingles, rools on top and runs away from East road and leaps from roof to roof and runs. 

Carlos runs to edge of roof near pine forest. He leaps and slides between branches. Branches hit and slap Carlos's face. He slides to stop and grabes limbs and climbs down. He runs East through the forest. 

He grabs slides hand undersash and slides the three darts out. Sash sticks to sap covered hands. Feet step quiet of pine needles. 

People with torces walk along edge of East road. Three step into the woods. The torce light casting dancing shadows between tree trunks.

Carlos runs quiet over pine needles and hidden under evergreen branches. 

A fire light glows around Carlos.

A person shouts, ,,OVER THERE."

,,DWARRRRRRRF!" one screams running into the trees from between the buildings.

Three people with torches run into forest from East road. A dart flies by Carlos's head. 

Carlos spits on and rubs hand and over chest singing a soft hum.

The firelight surronding Carlos fades and flickers. It continues to flicker.

Heavy foot steps crunch pine needles. 

,,Sap," says Carlos and runs rubbing hands together rolling the sap off hands. He spits in hand again and runs hand over chest while sinnging a low hum. 

The firelight vanishes.

He grabs a branch and climbs the tree.

The branches do not move as Carlos climbs.

Four people stomp under tree. A huge human with bloody face points torch foward. ,,He disappears around here."

Another thin and short humaniod kneels to the ground and sets bow on ground, ,,The tracks end around here."

Another huge human turns around and looks up. ,,Bet he's up there."

Blood faced human raises torch to the pine branches.

Kneeling humaniod picks up bow and hit the hand holding torch.

The bottom of tree burns. 

Carlos climbs up and to edge, leaps to another pine tree, catches branches and climbs on. 

A deep thud; a growl; a scream pop above the sound of popping pinecones. The fire burns up the tree. 

,,FIRE!" is screamed from the road. ,,FIRE," is screamed from the buildings.

Carlos leaps to another evergreen tree. He misses aa banch, falls through branch to ground, hits with a thud. He stands, he runs with limp through the trees snaping branches and crunching pine needles.

The three silhouette run from fire toward Carlos. Two silhouettes hit three silhouettes and two silhouettes run away from roads as the thre sihlouettes fall.

The tree fire fades.

Carlos runs East. He sees a wooden fense. He hears a group talking and walking along the fense. He dives through fense poles and rolls through green grass on other side, stands and pulls hammar from sash.

A group of people run and point torches at Carlos.

Carl pulls hammar from sash and holds it to side.. ,,William," he mutters.




