,,YOU NEED WORK, GUILE!'' shouts Ritten. Clicks and clack bang with fist against the class door to Guile's room.

Guile's head beats like a drum cracking body.

Light shines red through eyes.

Guile blinks away the light pain.

The light becomes gglass walls; a blanket on floor, a bloody gray suit. The heart dagger ay on the light floor next to the wine carrafe.

''WWWWWWOOOOOOOOOORK!'' shouts Ritten.

Guile rubs face and looks up.

A silhouette stands before door. A few silhouettes walk through the standing silhoueette.

The standing silhoutte moves with knocks and, ''I GET THE GUARD!'' The silhouette stands.

Guile clears throat and spits on fllor. ,,WAKNG.''

Ritten says, ,,You late.''

Guile rolls from the raised be block then pulls and shifts teh branching armor to adjust it's form to fit his pudgy belly of skin and his body nees.

Ritten says loud, ,,We need to talk new job.''

Guie grabs the blooky gray suit and unfastens the brnaching armor. ''Talk to YikTORitSuLe.''

,,I take you to YikTORitSuLe. You talk with YikTORitSuLe,'' says Ritten's muffled voice.

Gulie stuffs and raps the bloody dried gray robe around stomach. Blood scaps chip and fall to floor. 

Ritten pounds the door. ,,WE WORK.''

Clicks and clacks spread through hall. ,,WORK,'' is shouted. 

Sihloueettes pass through Ritten's silhouetted.

Guile grabs heart dagger and wipes it over the clean spots of gray suit around stomach and back. He says, ,,I...'' He slides heart Dagger in the wrap of the bloody suit then fastens his branching armor to neck.                      

He tosses carrafe, bag and robe for reighn on bed, throws sheet over and reaches to open door.

Ritten's hugoblin face sneers. ,,YOu come.''

A halfing and elf gray walk past and glance at Guile.

Ritten looks at Guile up and down.

Guile stands and wipes the few strands of hair on head to side. Hair holds side of sand sweat stained face. Guile sniffs. He hears Ritten's voce play and replay and splits thoughts and shouts at Ritten.

Ritten shakes head, ,,You think you wear new cloths.'' He grabs the baggy sleeve of Branching Armor. ''Special cloths for work.''

Rittens thoughts of clicks and clacks feel Guile's head.

Guile sneezes and uses the sneeze to blow out Ritten's thoughts.

A few more gray suits pass. A few more stare.

Ritten fliccks the baggy sleeve. His finger hits Guile's chest. ,,You go to the shower's, clean, get work cloths. You eat. You come back here.'' He walks along the hall toward Flare's room. ''I got a new gray to work.''

Guile looks into room.

No smears of blood stand. The blanket of bed coveres and hides the lump of carraf and robe.

Guile shuts door and steps in flow with the grays to the floor below.

The grays walk down the stairs and to the gray common area. They step in line for food and they walk along the path to the sun showers. All eyes and walk is forward.

Stares see.

Guile follows the walk through the globe lights and gray's to the sand showers. 

The red glow of the furneses caste light and heat.

Guile follows the light and steps from the path of the train of staring grays walking ot the sun showers. 

Guile walks way from the globes and lets his dark sight see in the darkness and peer into the darkness. He unfastens Branching Armor, grabs knife and pulls the bloody gray robe from body. He peeres around.

Around is darkenss and the distance glow of orbs.

The red from the furnace glows. Heat spreads over Guile's face.

Guile sweats. He slides the dagger into a sheath in branching armor like he know that it was there. He fastens the Branching Armor and walks with a fist holding the gray robe.

A group of silhouettes through his gray sight sees to gray suits rubbing and fondling the others.

Sweat stings Guile's eyes. 

He quick walks past the group of the dark, wipes forehead and quick steps toward the red light. The light for the showers illimnates to his wane.

Groups of people stand a fars stone throw away near the sand showers. The talk and brush the sand from behind eads

the read furnise glows adn spreads.

Red illiminaes the top of a stone wall. The stone wall spans like a huge half circle from the wall. Between the wall top and top of common area ceiling glows red and yellow. 

Guile steps near the stone wall.

Two guard wearing red studded leather and black chainmai walks at Guile.

Guile sends a mental shout. He feels the shout echo from the mind of the solder. He feels the rage.

The soldiers clicks hard and says, ,,Gray suit get away.''

Guile feels the rage and follows the emtion into the soldiers mind. 

The rage spreads through the rage. 

The guard clicks and clacks and points short sword tip at Guile.

Guile clenches jaw and fists and clicks tongue to roof of mouth. He tosses the gray suit over the smooth flat wall. 

The guard stands lowers short sword and stares.

Guile raises arm  and lowers arm.

The guard lowers sword and points tip to ground.

Guile kneels and puts palms on ground.

The guard kneels and puts palms on ground.

Guile sniffs snott.

The guard sniffs.

Guile sees. >You stay.<

The guard remains on palms and knees.

Guile stands.

The guard reamins on palms and knees.

Gulie steps on the guards back, reaches and pulls up on tippy toes to see over the edge. He grabs the gray suit.

A open pit of read glows. Coal smoke flows and rises to  a funnel. 

Around the open pit of red coal stand gray suits with gray hoods. The gray suits hold with gray gloves rod over the pit. The rods push and and turn to mold glass.

A few gray suits walk from the open pit to a wall glowing red. Along the wall glowing red holes at close with thick doors. Long rods lean against wall and are twice as tall as guile.

Gray suits grab long rods adn shove them into a red hole and pull a big bowl from hole.

A few other gray suits gather around the big bolw on the end of pole and dip the tips of their poles into bolw and pull out a ball of glass.

The ball of glass on end of rod is taken to the red open pit. At the pit, another gray suit hits their rod aganit the glass ball. The two gray suits make a dishes.

A door, window, bowls and dishesea are molded, cooled and stacked. 

Guile grabs gray suits tosses gray suit toward pit. The gray suit falls into edge of red coals. 

Guile leaps from soldier. Ankle twists, Guile rolls and lays.

the soldier and steps from soldier then steps from the red to the white light of the sand shower.

Guile pulls of branching amror and holds while stepping through the sands shower.

The sand shoer falls over guile. Sweat is abosrbed. The sand flows. The sand falls. The wind blows the sand from body.

Guile walks to the stack of gray suite near the exit of sandboaths into the dark and twoard the dinning area.

Guile pulls Branching Armor over body then pulls gray suit over branching armor. He walks the darkendss and follows other gray suits to line.

Guile thinks of a maze of dimensiotns streteching from a center point in circles and curves that beomes angles and edges.

The maze grows as Guile stes.

As Giule steps the mumlbe of surface talk and click and clack of gray suits spreads from light of hte distance.

Teh lighe of the distant shines dim goldend over beneches of eating gray suits.

Guile eats root and roasted roaches. He put a hand full of roasted roaches in pocket.

With his maze filling mind, he was the stairs up with the other grays going on the up stairs.

The maze fades from guile's mind as he walks along the hall to room.

The room light shines to door while all other room lights are dim wtih doors closed.

Guile walks hall to room. 

the darkeness shifts and waves around the light shinging from the wall of Guile's room. 

Guile feels the darkness touch skin as he walks into the light and into his room.

YikTORitSuLe, Ritten and another hugoblins stand in Guile's room.

The gray suits, all hugoblins stand around a chest in the center of Guile's room.

A obique chest like Flares' sit in the center of the trio in Guile's room.

The sheet on Guile's bed is on the ground next to guile pack and the carraffe.

Guile says, ,,You get out!'' He sniffs and steps near Ritten. He points to the door. ''You out. I have rights. You out.''

YikTORitSuLe laughs and clicks and clacks.

The other's click and clack . 

YikTORitSuLe  smiles. ,,You have no...'' He peers at Guile. ''Rights? You are a gray working here.'' He folds arms. ''You not forget.''

Ritten smiles. ,,We are here not to argue right and wrong.'' He points to the chest. ''We are here to talk about this chest.''

Guile looks at Chest. ,,You have Flare's chest.''

,,Your chest,'' says YikTORitSuLe. ''Flare was killed last night by another gray suit. A rival worker that was envious of Flare's status and rise. They knew the other before working as a gray in this building.''

Ritten grins and nods. ,,You get to keep the locker and contents as last work partner of Flare.''

YikTORitSuLe pinches a glass cube with thumb and forefinger. ,,We keep this.''

Ritten kicks the obsidian chest. ,,You keep this and what's inside. The gray suits and Love follow the order.''

YikTORitSuLe grabs the glass cube oof Flare's with palm and pionts with other palm at the other hugoblin in room.

The other hugoblins is as talll as William, but thin with archesd back. The black hair over olive skin hangs over neck and bend shoulders.

Ritten says, ,,AkKitLoSuLe is new team mate.''

YikTORitSuLe steps before Ritten adn looks down at Guile. ,,You will work with AkKitLoSuLe

AkKitLoSuLe says, ,,Akit. It is easy for your non-golbin ears.''

Akit,'' says Guile. He shrugs shoulders and nods hear back. ''Work.'' He glares at Akit. He feels for the sphere of purr of the mind trust while walking between the tire and by the chest. ''You done.

YikTORitSuLe and Ritten stare. Ritten folds arms.

YikTORitSuLe says, ,,I will take the new team to work. A new place.''

Ritten pushes past YikTORitSuLe says, ,,We work.''

YikTORitSuLe smiles and steps from Guile's room. ,,We go.''

Akit clicks and clacks.

YikTORitSuLe laughs.

They walk the halls of grays then walk the stairs to the work above. YikTORitSuLe and Akit click and clack while Guile walks the stairs and the serivce halls. Grays suits walks in stand in groups. I few stop and nods heads at YikTORitSuLe.

Guile sees to a gray human with white hair and hunched back. He opens mind, shouts find the feeling and pain of madnes and acking muscles. In a few steps, Guile spreads through the surface talk rumblings. <...Too old. No go. No. Why you doing that. Fucking gray boss...Get to work. Work...> Guile spans from the thoughts and shouts from the old human's mind to YikTORitSuLe and Akit's minds.

A shout returns with the clicks and clacks spoke between the two with senses. Feelings of calm and anger. The anger grows in the mind of the old man like heat through cold. Steam rise and floats with a shout from teh old man.

The old man shouts and grabs head, pulls hair and runs at YikTORitSuLe.

Guile steps and blinks away the site with the old man. A feeling of heat spreads.

Akit, standing next to YikTORitSuLe, grabs the old human by the collor of gray suit, sweeps foot and pushes the old human face forward into the ground.

Guile steps away from Akit, says, ,,Is this the job?''

YikTORitSuLe slaps Akit on the back and stands and looks at Guile. ,,Our job is for the warriors.''

Akit pushes hand against old human's throat and stares into the eyes of the old human.

The old human's hands pushe against Akit's face and legs wrap around Akit's arm

Akit stares and straddles  the old  human.

Yik says and steps close to Guile. ,,The gray couldn't remain in its own mind.''

The old human's arms and legs falls. Head settels and and eyes stare.

Akit closes his eyes.

The old human breathes.

Yik puts an arm around Guile and pulls Guile from the shoujlders and neck along the hall. ,,Akit will be done with his work soon. He will find you where you work.''

Giule glances back then forward. he feels the purr of the hive mind, but remaines in the mind. The hive mind shape hums. Guile says, ,,Work. Need work.''

,,WORK!'' says Yik. ''You are a gray!''

And they walk ways from Akit and along a hall to the lifts down. They walk by grays sitting and standing and blowing smoke from muoths. 

Smoke hangs around Guile's head as the lift decsends. 

Guile sneezes until the lifts stops. 

Other gray's step away. 

Yik stands. 

Gule's last sneezes blows snott on floor as the lift lowers to open door into the hall. 

Yik steps from the lift.

Guile follows.

The grays carrying towles and buckets of water look at Yik.

Yik enters warriors waiting, and there is pause in motion from the gray suits.

The gray suits oni Warriors' Waiting hold towels, buckets and mops, They walk forward.

Yik walk sthe funnel hall to the lif down.

 JikKlokUikYk shout, ,,YikTORitSuLe,'' and clicks and clacks.

Yik clacks and clacks and walks.

Guile follows Yik.

The guards on the side of the pathway to the platform stand back.

The two grays mopping mud from the floor clean away from the Yik's path.

Yik's path leads between the two guards and on to the platform.

Guile follows. Guile desceds into darkness.

in the darkness, whispers surround with sound as tickles feel around face and hands.

Palms press around Guile's body like getting searched.

Guile foldes arms around the chest where the heart dagger rests in Branching Armor.

Then light shines.

Before the bright dims for sight, smell of baked bread spreads thorugh body.

Guile sneezes.

Sneeze sprays on glass.

A dark tinned glass shaft extendes to a candle lite hall. 

The cirlce platform rests before the hall.

The hall is three steps wide and three Guile's tall. From the top of the hall hang chandellers with candle flames flickering. The light flickers over framed oil portarats of warriiors stabbing beasts and surpantes. Below the pictures span wooden benches covered with striched sheets of white.

Along the follow is near black glass spanning the floor of the hall.

Two grays scrub floor on hands and knees a stone throw away. One gray steps past halling a white bag toward Guile.

Yik steps from the Portal to the hall, and Guile follows.

Yik says, ,,TOOOOONK.''

One of the gray's scrubbing the floor stands and wipes forehead. Toooooonk lowers arm and strides to Yik.

Yik says to Guile. ,,Tonk is the manager of this job.'' 

Guile stands and stares along hall at at Tonk.

Tonk light green skin blends with brown hair. The hair hang over pointed ears. to complete the face, small noes and big eye of goblins with a mouth that spreads wider than a humans, but has thick lips like a humans. 

Tonk stombs over the ground. His sleeve cuffs and gray suit below the ankles are stained with blood. Tone stands before Guile.

Guile stands straigh. ,,I am Guile. I will work.''

Tonk smiles. ,,Yes.'' He glances at Yik. ''A devote gray.''

,,A lonely gray,'' says Yik. ''A gray that needs guidance to do the right thing.''

Guile steps awak from Yik and peers at the gray. ,,Ak will be coming?''

,,AkKitLoSuLe!.'' Tonk grins, shows pig teeth that pulge lips when his mouth closes and talks. ''AkKitLoSuLe work? AkKitLoSuLe stand aroud and look at me. Tonk scratches chest. Gray suit presses against breasts and nipples.

Guile looks at nipple then look away, ,,Work. I want to work.''

Tonk says, ,,You are a gray suit to want.'' She winks at Yik.

,,You work, Giule,'' says Yik. ''I will find Akk and send Att here.''

Yik steps to the platform and folds arms. 

The platfrom rises. 

Below the platfor is a glass rod that rises the platform.

Guile mumbles, ,,How works the lift?''

Tonk slaps Guile's back. ,,Gray suits turning the glass clog.'' 

Guile's body jerks and stumble. His hands makes a fist and rage in mind focuses. The rage focuses away the purr and to a point of focue. Then the purr of the mind trut sooths the rage. 

,,You a good worker?'' says Tonk looking in at Guile. ''Looking frail.'' She moves the hand on Guile's back to the back of his neck and presses with the push of Guile along the hall. ''You work with me.'' As they walk, the grip around Guile's neck becomes a soft ttouch. 

They step to a graysuited elf scrubbing the groud with a pink cloth.

Tonk steps and points to the ground. ,,WE mop and clean like any floor.'' She points to the gray sheet carrying white sack past Guile.

The sack bumps Guile. ''We change the covers of the benches.'' She looks at Guile. ''Bloody warriors stain eveything. Most warriors victors. Few come here. Gotta have a lot of money or power to bring warrior in this hall.'' He points finger and pounds it against the chest of Guile. ''You do well to work hard, but good. Good keeps you here and happy. There are no other jobs. You work here all time. All time. No no time. All time. Then you go back. When back, you don't talk about what you see here. No one.'' Her finger taps chest with words. ''No one need to know the warriors.'' She closes a fists. ''They pay silence.'' She lowers hand. ''We work in silecne.'' She waves arm. ''Follow me.''

Guile glances back.

The glass rod spans upward.

Guile looks foward and follows Tonk.

,,You arrive by platform. You leave by platform.'' Tonk stops and raiese an arm before Guile and points along hall. ''You shit, pee in holes at end.'' Her hand makes a fist and arms stays up as she side peers to Guile. ''Pee shit fast. Warrior get mad when gray in way.'' She lowers arm and walks by the gray with white bag.

The gray spreads a sheet over an wood bench that has a seat the heigh of Guile's eblows. 

''Warriors want clean things. Most walk through, but few sit after. Other's lay dead.'' She looks at Guile. ''We clean blood.'' She waves arm. ''We move out of the walk.

The walk along the hall.

Along the hall. A long mirror hangs on one side and a tapestry on the other. The tapesty show naked goblinkin fighting naked elves and humans and dwarves. The mirror reflects the elves, humand and dwaves fighting the goblins. 

The tapbestry ends with dark walls framing pictures of Hugoblins in full plane, a huge snake wrapped around a two and pictuer of a black dragon.

Guile glances at the images and stares at the dark at the end of the hall.

They walk to the wall of darkness.

Tonk raiseas arm. ,,Do not go beyond.''

Guile wipes long strans of hair from face, nods quick sniffs. ,,Busy working.''

Torn smiles. She lowers arm and walks from the wall of darkness to the floor. ,,Don't know where co worker is. But our time to go.'' She slaps the gray pulling sheet over the large chair.

Hair sprouds around the gray suits collars and cuffs of the big human.

Tonk says, ,,Big hairy human here don't talk.'' He looks up at the gray. 

The gray human stands a half-guile taller than Guile. He big hands crip what sheet.

Tonk nods head and stares at the human. ,,Big hariy here use to be gladiator. A white sheet even.'' She looks at Guile. ''Fought until brother died in ring. Got released from contract. Now a gray.'' Tonk nods above. ''Big hairy didn't make it to the sphere and dome here. But he strong.'' Her hand rubs between the crotch of big hairy. ''Got big dick.''

Big hairy's body freezes. His hand grips the sheet have covering the bench.

Tonk smile and steps away.

Guile follows along toward the hall that ends with the door to the platform and rod. 

Tong plunges hand into bucket and pulls hand and rag. Rag drips and splace pink water. Tong clicks and clacks. 

The cleaner kneeling on the ground looks at the water. The cleaner stands, grabs bucket and steps along the hall with the hils and the the spout.

Tong says, ,,Big Hariy stay here work. You clean. Clean better than the hall and warriors waiting. Grays get paid extra for cleanness. Owners want to see blood, want to stay clean.'' tonk slaps and rubs Guile's back. ''You clean all day. I think Akkit is Team Leader.'' Tonk puts arms around Guile shoulder, and they stand side by side. ''Akkit. Better watch him. He's lazy.'' Tonk lowers arm adn walks toward the rod and platform as the platform lowers.

Feet, legs and waist of muscles, sweat and blood. A tan human warriors with strapped pieces of bloodied armor stands on the platform. 

Tong steps from the platform and grabs Guile to stands as Guile knees to scrub. Tonk grabs and pull him to a stand. ,,Get the bucket.'' She looks at the Big and hairy human. ,,Big Hairy,'' says Tone.

big Hairy pushes fore arm over chair cover and quicks steps to the hall to hole.

The platform stops.

A warriors stands. He shoulder bleeds. His face is dark and bruised. Bits of blonde hair like the hair braided over back stick on hips and chest. Around hips and chest.

Guile stands in the hall.

From the other end of the hall, from the wall of darkness, steps a hugoblin wearing looks red shirt and pants and black sandles. An id dressed only in wrap tied around waist holds a purple pillow. A gold and twinkling crown rests on the purple pillow.

The warriors walks with limb and blood drip over floor. His rigght eye peeks through swollen face as the human smile.

The hugoblins in loos red shirt and trousers claps, clicks and clacks. 

the id lifts the gold and glimmering crown and puts it on the head of the warrior.

The warrior grins with fat lip. 

The id pivots and leads the red dressed hugoblin and human warrior into the wall of darkness. Blood foot prints stesp from platform to thewall of darkenss.

,,WORK,'' says Torn. She runs to the platform.

The platform rises, and Tonk jumps on top.

The gray suit with pale shuffles into to the hall, sets the pale of water on the floor and runs for the platform. 

Tonk kneels and lowers hand.

The gray suit leaps and grabs Tonks hands.

Tonk pulls the gray suit to the platfor as the platform slides into the tube and the wall of darkness.

Guile looks along hall.

Blood stains and drips splatter floor. Blood drips spread of the white sheet spread over seat.

Big Hairy pulls his pack from the hall and pulls clean sheet from back and pulls hte blood soaked on from chair.

Guile kneels and scrubs the floor.

Guile grabs a rag, scrubs the floor and feels for the purr of the Mind Trust. The purr spreads over body, and skin raises bumps. Guile sends a mental shout.

AND A SCREAM PIERCES GUILES MIND!

Guile squints to darknes.

Through the darkness, laughter sings around and up and down then a whisper with a purr the sooths the piercing pain. >You no site,< then the sooth fades.

Guile looks at Big Hairy.

Big Hairy unfolds a sheet over the chair.

Guile look around seeing no person.

The platform lowers.

Guile wipes a few bloody foot steps are wiped from floor.

The platform lowers with Akkit sitting onto with legs lotus.

Akkit picks nails and looks at Guile as Guile scrubs.

The platform stops.

Akkit pushes one side of foot to stand and steps bare feet over glass. Akkits suit pant cuffs are rolled tight around hairless ankles.s The suit sleeves are rolled tight around hairless forerms. The gray suit collar parts for chest and breats. Two nipples rise the gray suit. Akkit rubs head and steps to stand above Guile.

Guile scrubs thr fllor feeling the purr of the Mind Trust become an itch that pops and bunrs over body. Guile smells the mint of Attik.

Attik spearm the washe blood in an arch from Guile. She looks at Big Hairy. She sits against the wall and stares at Guile.

Guile and Attik stares. Guile looks at floor, scrubs, says, ,,You work for gray suits.''

Attik kicks at a rag and stares at Guile, ,,I work.''

Guile looks looks at Big Hairy while scribbing.

Big Hairy peers at attik and clenches jaw. He spreads an new white sheet over sofa.

The plaform rises by the rod.

Guile scrubs blood foot brints from a humans, dwarves, a hafling, a lizardman, three ids and orcs. He scrubs with white cloths pulled from the bags Big Hairy gets from above. Guile wets the blood with the water gotten from the room with flowing water and the hole.

The water smells acid musk the stings nose and give body reason. It sting a few cuts in Guile's hand. It clean the boold from floor and drips into red blood bucket.

,,Stinks,'' says Akkit part way through work cycle. Akkit sits most the work cycle stretching arms and legs and starring at Guile.

,,You work,'' says Guile. He feels the purr of the Mind Trust become an itch then a burn.
Cool spreads from the Mind Trust.

Akkit stares. She looks at the bucket. ,,Clean with piss. No.'' She click and clacks and looks at Big Hairy.

Big Hairy stares at wood bench whlle he spreads palm onlong the laid sheet to roll out the wrinkles.

Guile sniffs. ,,You covered in piss.'' He scrubs. 

Attik stands, knocks over the bucket. 

The bucket of piss spreads over the floor. 

Guile steps and throws the wet rag to ground. He feels the mind trust itch burn through body, and the burn tense musles. 

Piss spreads over the floor and toward the room with the platform.

The platform lowers.

Guile feels the burn of the mind spread through body and feel to span from body.

The pool of piss flows at Guile. The eidge of piss pool near Guile steams. 

Guile peers at Akkits, grabs the bucket and towels, steps into hall.

Attik smirks then looks at the platfor lower. 

A tail slithers over the edge of the platform.

A fat hugoblins with bald green head step from the shadow wall. 

Guile steps backward along the service hall. He feels for the shout, but feels the ping pain from the Mind trust. He unzips branching armor and feels for heart dagger.

Attik begins to click and clack loud whle grabbing sheets and towels from chairs and tossing them in the piss pile. She clicks and clacks and pushes and pulls the sheet through the piss while pointing at Guile.

Big Hairy steps at the side of the chair.

A lizardman wearing bronze branded mail  with huge tail wipping about his clawed feet steps around the platform. It's dark greens scales shimmer with chandelier candle light.

The fat hugoblins is followed by two humans wearing white sheets and hold a covered plates as the fat hugoblins holds his rope over his big belly. The fat being clicks and clack and points at Attik.

Attik points along the hall at Guile then at the piss.

Guile sleps near the flowing liquid and feels the bucket. He shouts from the mind, but only finds the pain of a echo of revert over and over until the pain like  headache fades. 

The fat hugoblins and attik click and clack.

One of the white sheets puts plate on a seat and steps into hall at Guile.

Guile grabs the wire handle of the bucket and bucket andpulls and yanks. The burn purrs along the body to the hand and through the hand of the wire.

The wire handle of bucket heats. The wire bucket handle bends and pulls from bucket, cuts hand.

Guile holds the bucket and fills it with the liquid.

The two white sheets jostle into room and stand on the other side of hole. One clicks and clacks the other says, ,,Dirty the floor for our warrior.''

Guile holds cut hand between the folds of gray sheets and pulls out hte bloodied hand. ,,Other gray got bad bucket.''

The two while sheets click and clack while a deep click and clack snaps in hall.

Akkit clicks and clacks with the fat hugoblin.

The lizardmand steps through piss puddle. The tail swishes through the piss puddle and thrugh the hall spread piss toward the dark wall.

The fat hugoblins looks back at the warriors, clicks and clacks. ,, Gray sheet bad!'' says the fat hugoblins as it's robe drags through the piss puddle. The robe arm swishes and sway when the fat goblin slaps the stomach of the Big Hairy.

Big Hairy stands and stares across the all at the tapestry of fighting goblinoids. Sweat drips from curley hair. 

The lizardwarrior, fat hugoblin and two white sheets steps to dark.

Guile lets the blood drip from hand to the piss. He shouts and sents a shock of pain. 

The mind trust purr pusles a pains shock through guile, and Guile's head pumps pain.

Attik grins. ,,You get to work.'' She knees grabs wrap and scribs clicking a laugh.

Guile looks at Attik, kneels and scrubs.

Big Hairy spreads clean sheets over the chairs and benches along the hall then helps scrub blood and pee until Yik desceds from the platform.

Yik steps with clicks then surface talk. ,,Guile, you lose job if you spill again before warrior come.''

Guile wipes blood from hand and nods at the bucket. ,,Handle broke.''

Akkit scrubs fast and hard against the floor.

Yik stares and steps along the hall. ,,Fights done for day. Clean and leave.'' Yik steps into the wall of darkness at the end of hte hall.

Giule and Akkit scrub away blood and cucle the piss blood water for piss until the piss squeeze clean.

Guile's hand stings and thumps pain. His mind bumps like a drum beat of Myst.

The bumps spread with scrubs. Guile's blood soaks. Cut edge flare red. Hand throbs with drump beat. The mind trust burn flares. Guile stares at Akkit.

Akkit scrubs slow and lights.

From the shadow wall, a gray suit with pole marches along hall and stand below a chandeler.

Akkit  sits with back against wall and throws rag into bucket.

Guile glances and scrubs, ,,You work bad.''

Akkit wipes palms over legs of gray suit.

Big Hairy steps and stand by Akkit and Guile.

The gray suit with pole raises pole.

The pole has a little dome sticking from tips. The dome covere the top of a candle.

The candle flame buffs to smoke.

Akkit says, ,,We are done for day.'' She stands and looks at Big Hairy.

Big Hairy breathes and stares at Guile.

The gray with pole snuffs the flames.

Guile stands throws rag into bucket. His foot pushes bucket into service hall.

Akkits says, ,,You take the bucket to the pile in the storage room upstairs. It needs to be cleaned with the rags.'' She clicks and clacks with Big Hairy.

Big Hairy clicks and clacks and grabs the big white back of piss wet towels.

,,You take the pale and piss,'' says Akkit.

The platform lowers.

The gray with pole looks at Guile and Akkit.

Guile sniffs wipes piss clean palm against dress. He stares and walks to the platform. ,,Didn't bring it.''

Akkit chukles. She puts her hands in her gray ssuit's pockets and steps to the room with rod and platform.

The platform lowers from the wall of darkness of the ceilig of the room.

A few more flames snuff to smoke.

The room dims, and shadows caste from Akkit and Guile.

Guile sniffs and rubs nose. He sends a shout. The Mind Trust burns and thumps. From the mental thump, Guile focuses rage on the pale and Attik. 

Attik stands taps. She says, ,,You leave behind. You look bad.''

Guile shifts steps and shuffles. 

The platform lowers to the ground. 

Guile steps to the platform and says, ,,What bucket?'' He pivots on platform to face Attik.

Attik steps and stands by Guile. ,,The one you left because you lazy.''

Big hairy grabs the bucket an steps on the platform.

The platform rises. 

Guile sniffs and holds a cough that muffles, ,,Thank-''

The platform rises into the wall of darkness.

In the wall, the bodies feels to float.

Guile feels to feel the burning itch of Mind Trust sooth to a purr.

Light shine and blind guile. 

A few grays mop the floor that leads to the funnel tunnel into Warriors Waiting. 

Two soldiers stand at the end of the hall and click and clack with the other.

Guile steps from the platform and along the funeel tunnel.

A few warrrios sit in the pool in the center. One sits on bench next to two gray suits, who wipe blood from the back of an orge slupped. Saliva drips from its hanging lip as its wide eyes follow the trio through warriors waiting. 

Guile leads the walk by the service room and up the steps to the service halls and lift to the stairs. 

Attik steps on to the lift with a fwew other drity gray suits.

The platform shifts.

Big hairy runs along the hall and jumps on top of the lift. 

The lift rises to the upper service halls, and the grays leave the lift. A few limp.

Guile and Attik are the last two standing on the lift.

They both stand.

The lift shift and lowers. 

Attiks steps and walks the hall quick, and Guile follows.

Attik laughs and quick steps through the liong service hall past stairs.

Guile follows. Snot drips and lungs burn. 

Attik quick walks through the dim serives hall past the stairs down to Guile's room. Her giggles lead and spread.

The giggles of Attik span.

A few gray stand along the wall by sacks and talk, smoke a pipe. One laughs. And all smile.

Giule steps past the stairs down and after Attik.

Attik stops, turns. ,,YOu want to play.''

Guile stands, smiles. He mouth breathes and steps away. 

''Come play gray.'' says Attik. She steps toward guile. ''You don't go away. We have some much to say. Laught like the rest of these grays.''

Guile smiles and steps back. The smile glows through body. Body feels warmth of  smith then the itch and burn of Mind Trust.

Laughter spread thorugh the trust and echoes through mind.

Guile thinks of a void. The void spans through the purr of the trust and a laughter feeling to spread through Guile's mind and body. Then the void coveres.

Guile stands seeing only dark then light span through his mind from eyes for him to see only the service halls with boxes and sacks stacked along the side. 

A distant sihlouette walks with Attik's voice spreading through hall, ''You are new. You won't be old.''

Guile rubs nose, smells the urine foods and gags. He feels the purr of the mind trust and the sweat on his nose.

Attik's silhouette walks from the hall, and Guile steps to stairs and walks down. 

Down to the buid entrence then down to the gray and his room, Guile goes.

He closes the door lays on bed. He drinks from the wine carrafe and slides hand between the fold of Branching Armor and inot a pocket and touches the contract with the Mind Trust.







