
Shake wakes with a leap to feet. His knife slides from forearm, along wrist, it hand. He lands, slices knife through cool breeze.

Soft starlight illuminates night. 

Spear lays on floor near stairs. William, Myst snuggle near chairs and viewing deck. Kirra, Jan lay slouched against rope rail. Minst sitting in chair with head flung back.

Shake looks over table.

He steps close to shadows and peers deep.

A snort rumbles from chair. Carlos's head drips to side and from behind the tall back rest of wooden chair.

Shake steps silent over the bound wooden branches. He spins dagger hilt upon palm pointing down.

Carlos lay slumped forward in chair.

Shake raise blade. He stabs at Carlos's back.

The blade sinks into Carlos's back.

The flat of a hammer hits Shake's shoulder.

Shoulder snaps with a crack. 

Shake falls to ground. He shouts, growls. Jaw clenches. He holds shoulder. He lands by Kirra and kicks her foot.

Kirra lifts and head and knife.

Carlos holds hammer with on hand and stands back with spread stance. ,,WILLIAM," Carlos says almost like and opera singer. "KIRRA. SHAKE IS POSSED."

Myst pushes William and stands. She crawls of Shake.

Carlos steps before here with back baring and front aimed at Shake, ,,I don't know if the with drawls from all the Speed and Haste have corrupted his rational or Branch has the lads mind, but the boy is crazed." 

William says, ,,What's going on?"

Shake screams, stares at Carlos, ,,HE'S GOING TO KILL YOU, WILLIAM!"

,,What?" says William. 

Kirra stands between Shake and Jan. Jan wakes and stands. Minst leans from one side to the other. He covers ears.

Spear says, ,,I seen Shake stap illusion of Carlos in the back." Spear stands above shake with hands open and hung at sides. "Before he was screaming about all dead."

,,HE'S GOING TO KILL US!" says Shake. He clench jaw and holds hand over shoulder.

Myst stand and walks by Carlos. 

Carlos tries to grab Myst, but she pulls arm away and needs by Shake.

Myst knees. ,,I know. More talk...Please." She puts hand over Shake's hand and shoulder. "I will. Thank you for truth...He is healing." Here hand glows blue. She steps by Kirra and Jan.

William steps between Carlos and Myst.

Carlos walks to chair and picks up Shakes dagger from the seat. He spins it over plam. He walks to the table, stabs dagger into top of table and sits at bench.

The blue fades. 

The veins and muscles of Shake's face fade and become smooth with cheek, forehead and neck. 

Shake stares at Carlos. 

Carlos stares at Shake. 

,,Yes...They need to think...The are a bit physical..." Myst stands and steps back. "No. ...Maybe it was a sign for me to wake to pray to the magic of the sun," says Myst.         

William steps over Shake. ,,Explain youself."

Shake stares from Carlos to William. ,,I had a dream."

The breeze pushes to a gust. Leaves rattle and settle. The limbs sway.

William stares at Shake.

,,I seen it," says Shake. "I had a dream about Carlos killing you." Shake peers through the starlight at each even bending head back to peer at Kirra and Jan. "The dream. He killed all of us." Shake rubs shoulder. His legs push  against platform, and he slides over floor and press back to rope rail and a trunk branch.

William lowers head. ,,Shake, you." He stops.

,,How did he know I was going to stab him in the back." says Shake pointing hand at Carlos. "How did he know to caste an illusion? How did he know? Can you tell me that?"

,,Maybe I've been gone too long," says William. He walks away from Shake.

Shake stands and rubs shoulder. He follows William. ,,No. I SEEN it. It felt real. It felt like I seen it. Everyone was dead. Everyone but me and Carlos!" He stops by Carlos and knife. He pulls knife from table top. 

William reach for Shakes wrist.

Shake backs away and points tip of knife at Carlos. ,,HOW DID HE KNOW I WAS GOING TO STAB ME IN THE BACK?"

,,How about you let all the goblins know where we're at?" says Carlos. William looks at Carlos.

Carlos sits and folds legs. His cheeks reflect the star light. ,,I know because you shouted that you too would stab me in the back before you woke."

,,It is truth," says Spear. 

Shake steps back and points knife tip at Spear. ,,He stabs you." 

,,When was the last time you had Haste or Speed caste upon you?" Carlos soft and calm voice almost sings, "When did the last Haste powder disappear? When was the last Speed potion drank?"

,,That has nothing to do with it sheep," says Shake. He steps toward Carlos.

William steps before Shake. ,,How long?"

Shakes scratches head and wipes sweat from forehead. ,,Two days."

Carlos smiles, ,,You are still upset of me helping Minst up the ladder before you could help and ask for a caste of it." He stands and pulls beard. He throws some gunpower into the air, sings an A sharp, snaps fingers and a ball of light shines above. 

Shake steps away from light. He looks at Carlos, Spear, William, Carlos. Wiliam Spear. ,,Get away!" His sunken eye sockets dip deep into head. Sweat drops dot forehead. A wet rings circles collar of undershirt. Small scabbed and blood streaked scratches stain neck and cheeks. He scratches face.

,,The light," says Minst. Minst wakes and blinks, shields eyes with forearm.

,,I can help you shake," says Jan. "Can make you-"

,,I don't need your help." Shake walks to his bed rolls up bed roll, grabs pack and leaves." He stops by top of steps. "Leaving this herd before that wolve sheds the wool and sinks his teeht in you." He hold still and slowly stairs from person to person then steps fast down steps to hatch to tree trunk to the ground. 

,,We should go after him," says Myst. 

Jan nods. 

William runs down steps. 

Spear follows William.

The sphere of light fades. 

,,Minst," says Carlos. "We may need your sight for night." 

Carlos, Minst, Myst, Kirra and Jan step down steps to hatch.

William stands by the hatch looking down. ,,Spear went down."

Buckey whinnies then snorts.

Minst looks over ledge. ,,I don't see anything. But it's hard to see far through leaves and branches."

Jan lifts arms and plams and draws and circle then pushes at the middle of the circle.

An outline of light flickers around Buckey standing still below. An  outline of file blurs around Spear running through the forest.

Jan waves hands back and forth.

The oulines of fire disappear.

,,He's distant already," says Jan.

,,Gone," says William.

The groups stands around the hatch and waits.

Spear returns. ,,Gone." He pulls himself up. "Nothing to see."

Kirra looks back. ,,Light coming. I can track."

,,I want to get out of the tree," says Carlos.

All nod. 

Kirra walks up the wooden steps to the table. She loops her belt then scabbard with sword, grabs back and sides back over back, throws quiver over head and shoulder.  She ties her boots and leather armor, grabs bow and walks past William, Jan, Minst and Carlos.

Myst walk down stairs and past hatch as Kirra decends through.

Myst walks behind. Her cloak over shoulders and pack strapped to back. Her mace head hangiing from loop on belt.

William grabs Spears pack he looks over table and things. He looks at self. He grabs his scabbard and sword. 

Jan, with statchel and staff, set staff against table and fills stachel with apples and dried fruit. She puts two apples in two pockets of robe. 

Minst slips on boots and ties them to top. The he fastens sleeves pulling tight the leather around body. He opens his pack and pulls a tight roll of cloth out and lot the cloth unroll to elven mail. He slips the tight, silent suit of armor over day fitting more like a shirt than metal armor.  He grabs spell book and big bag and puts spell book in a case and folds case flat and slips case under armor. 

Carlos points to the table. ,,Whose ring and bag and blanket are those." 

Everyone looks at table.

William put ring and blanket in bag. ,,I take it." We'll look at once were gone from this place."

Carlos points at table. ,,We should get food." He peers back to the chairs and table on far end of platform. "We should get that caraf, too."

,,Could it be Branch's?" says William.

,,We're borrowing it for the quest," says Carlos.

Myst and Minst and Carlos fill pockets and pack with fruit and dry meat.

William walks to and from the far edge. ,,There's no carafe." William put apples and pears, died meat, bread in bag.

Carlos nods. ,,Water."

Minst and Myst fill their water skins. Minst put his back in back. Everyone drinks from the pitcher.

,,We should ask Kirra if she will fill up her keg mug with water," says Minst.

,,She has," says Jan.

They walk the stairs and climb down the tree. william lands on ground with butt.

,,Ouch," says William.

Dim light seeps through the leaves and brightens the ground. Sihlouettes of brush surround. The wind blows.

Buckey rubs his nose against the top of William's head.

,,Where'd Kirra go," says William. "And Spear?"

Buckey nods toward the rock wall.

,,Here." Spear steps through dawn. "We found a trail. Maybe. Come." 

Spear leads through brush and trees, over small streams, into mud and muck sticking to boots.

The hard ground becomes soft. The soft ground sinks and spreads around feet. Muds pulls and sticks with each step.

,,Try to step on the leaves and near the trees and shurbs," says Spear. Spear looks through the dawn seeing with dim light brightening to dark blue. 

Mud becomes mud puddles. Boots and hooves  splash through spraying cloak,robes and pants and skin.

,,How deep into the canyon are we?" says Minst.

,,Deep," says Spear.

,,About a quarter way in," says William. "About that.I think."

The wind slows to a cold breeze.The morning down dims. The ground becomes dim. Deep shadows caste from tall wall of bolders and rock. 

Boots step from mud to dirt to rock top. Water seeps in small trickles from mud pool to boot step. 

Kirra steps from the darkness. ,,I lost the trail along the rocks."

Spear steps to Kirra and nods. ,,The darkness."

Kirra nods and shrugs. ,,And he's good at hiding his trail."

,,Where did you loose the trail?" says William.

,,Along the way up the rock wall?" says Kirra. 

The group pulls cloak and robes tight. William's teeth chatter.Small bumps spread over Spear's nakes skin. 

,,What should we do?" says Myst.

,,Shouldn't we try to find Shake?" says Minst.

Spear shruggs. ,,If he doesn't want to be found. We won't find."

,,We need to go after Shake," says William. "He's in a fragile state." William points through the trees to the dark wall of rock.

Kirra nods. ,,He needs help. And he appears to be going over the wall and into the swamp."

,,Yes," says William. 

Carlos picks mud from beard. ,,Yes, we should go after Shake. ...I've seen people go through withdrawel." He walks by Kirra. "It's not far."

Over streams and puddles, by moss and brush and tree on rock and mud
they walk.

The sky brights. The shadow's caste lift. 

,,Are you going to need help?" says Spear. He slaps William's shoulder. 

William tries to smiles, ,,No. No. I think I can climb this."

Rocks and mud sporead from bolder stacked with boulder stacked with boulder. The tightly pressed rock sealed with pebbles. 

They climb with the sun. Pebbles skip and slide down. William slips, gets stuck and is pulled up with the help of Spear.

Moss and vines cover rocks. Water seeps and spreads between the cracks. Pebbles and work slosh and slish.

Sunlight spreads over the tree tops and trunks. The dark blue sky lightens to blue. Yellow hues shine from the rock edge above.

Apple and orange juice squeeze for squished fruit spreading stain and dirt. 

,,It's easier to climb with out armor," says William between breath and grunt. "But something still."

Over boulders, between boulders, under boulders they climb. The ground a death fall below. 

Light spreads from tree tip. The dense branches create a tree wall. 

The cold breeze blows to a cold wind flowing over stone and bodies.

Wet and cold fingers grip cracks and creaves and go numb.

,,How much further?" says William.

,,We are close to the top than we are the bottom," says Carlos.

A few pebbles skip past William's head. ,,Minst," says William.

Minst looks down, smiles. ,,Sorry." He puts an hand over the edge of a rock.

Claws sink into the back of Minst's hand digging deeping flesh then pulling back into the darkness.

Minst's hand slips. Minsts slips with jaw clenched holding back a scream. Back hits bolder and shoulder slides between rocks and a bolder. His sack stumbles and slides to Williams head. 

Spear reaches and grabs William.

The sack rests on top a bolder. 

Kirra, Jan and Myst climb down and over to Minst. 

Spear steadies William. 

William grabs on to rock face. 

Spear climbs up to Minst and past Minst climbin around the boulder where Minst was attacked.

Kirra climbs along the other side.

A short cave spreads betwee two boulders and sink into depths of darkness.

Jan and Myst lift and pull Minst from between boulders.  

Minst falls upon the flat of a boulder with a thump. ,,Ouch."

Jan lifts his hands. ,,Giant racoon." She looks at  Minst. ,,Wrap it up. If there are move of those critters it'd be best to let them hide in their caves." She pulls out a rolled length of cloth. She holds an end between Minst's thumb and index finger. "Hold."

Minst pinches.

Jan wraps and ties off. She looks down and up. ,,Lets go."

They climb around short cave. Kirra and Spear lead the climb finding similar caves and creaves then guiding away the companions to the sunlight, above the trees, to the top of the walk wall.  

The sun's shine spreads orange light to yellow light. Yellow light brighten green vines, moss and mold covering tops of dead trunks of pines. Bald cypress poke from the water and point to the sky. Yellow light shines between cypress shadows and illuminates white rock tops and green stagnate water.

A cool breeze blows to a wind. The wind carries the smell decay musk.

A long ripple slithers between shadows into yellow light and green water.

The ripple spread around cypress trunks through open water to the boulders around dirt swamp shore of sedge and rock. The ripples pull back the water from rock and dirt sediment slopping into the depths of water. The ripples splash and settle. 

Sedge sways. Sedge grows from water edge and between rocks. 

Rocks rise at shallow and deep inclines into the open water. Rocks wall lowers to the south and rises to the north to a mountains slide and a mountain side. 

The mountain side a gradual slope that lifts to a vertical reach to the near peak of a mountain. 

A colunm of smoke rise deep into the canyon beyond the cypress, sedge and swamp. Small wisps of smoke rise across the swamp.

Carlos says, ,,I can swim. And I can fight snakes." He steps down a boulder. "But I can't swim and fight snakes."

,,I'll snap them in two while treading water," says Spear.

William shields the sun from eyes with hand. He looks nothing along the rock wall. ,,My father's path was a wide road of floating cypress."

,,He also built a stone path," says Myst.

William nods. ,,Yes, it is probably now floating trunks."

Carlos sits on bolder top, extends legs and bends over reaching for legs. He grunts, ,,Maybe not." He stretches. "The goblins are smart enough to know not to destroy something that give them an advantage." He sits upright with back straight. "And they hate water."

,,And what about Shake?" says William.

Myst steps down some boulders to the shore of the swamp. ,,I do't see any blood."

,,Whatever our direction, we need to move." Kirra points along the tree tops and the billows of smoke. "I don't believe the river will hide and protect us from the goblins." 

William nods.

,,He has choosen his path," say Jan. "Let his fate be his to control."

William sighs and says, ,,Spear was right. Maybe we should walk along the moutains side\?

They look along the North and South mountain walls.

North mountain side lay exposed and bare raising naked from the pine and oak on oneside of the rockwall and above the cypress and oak on the other side of the rock wall. North moutain side rises then dips deep like a Gods shovel wedged into the side of the mountain the lifted to scoop and  spread of rock across the valley floor to the south side leaving a trench of rock and mound of rubble on the South moutain wall. 

The South mountains side a jagged rock and veins of canyons cover with pine from past to tip. The nakes south moutain tips with snow camps and peaks sides of snow reflecting white light. The snow stretch and spread alon the base and needle less pine trees. The South side base lay steep and sheer. Small wisps of smoke spread above the tree line creating a haze of orange and red light.

Kirra points North along the base of the moutains slide. ,,There is not cover along the moutais side. And there's campfire smoke above the trees by the base."

,,I can't climb  either side," says Willaim.

Kirra looks. ,,If we travel along the South base we will have cover. Beyond the swamp, I can not see." 

Goblin laughter cackels through pine and oak and cypress. 

Carlos reaches for tips of toes. ,,Decide."

Spear nods, ,,I feel there are many of them coming."

Kirra nods.

Jan feels a the cool breeze flow over her face then through her skin. The sun light warms. The cool and warm burn into her mind and body then fades. ,,The swamp will guide us," says Jan. 

,,Which way and where?" says Minst.

William nods. ,,I know not."

Goblin laughter echoes from trees. 

Carlos stands. ,,If we know not we will never know." 

,,That was close," says Spear. 

Kirra nods. 

Kirra, Jan, Spear step down rock wall toward the swamp. 

William and Myst and Carlos follow.

Minst looks at the swamp the the forest. ,,Here we go."

The walk, slid, step, climb down rock wall to the swamp water and sedge. 

Myst slips on moss, but holds fall with arms.

,,Which moutain side are we closest with," says William.

Spear picks up a rock. ,,The distance is about the same." He tosses rock over the swamp into the water. 

Kirra nods. 

William looks at Jan. ,,Any feeling?" 

Jan only feels the rising sun and cool wind. ,,No," says Jan.

,,South," says William. "We should go South."

Minst says, ,,Maybe we could find some drift wood, bind the wood with rope or vine then go up the middle."

,,Lets do something," says Minst. She begins to step South.

,,South," say Kirra. Jan nods. Spear nods. Minst nods.

,,South it is," say Carlos. 

Kirra and Spear lead the group along the swamp shore on the rock wall. Carlos, Myst and Minst walk over rock and through sedge. 

Goblins shout and cry.

William walks behind Jan. He looks behind at the long wall and swamp water. ,,I hape they haven't found Shake."

,,They're getting closer," says Spear.

,,If they found Shake," says Carlos stepping fast and firm from rock to rock. "They wouldn't be after us."

,,Are they are after us?" says William. He quick steps over rocks. Feets slip on wet rock. Arms and hand brace and hold.

,,Yes," says Spear and Kirra.

William's feet slips and fast arms and hand brace and balance. ,,To Hell."

,,Focus, balance," says Carlos. "Quiet." 

Goblins shrill front and back and to the side.

Kirra points up and toward the rock wall. 

Everyone steps from boulder to boulder using arm and hand to balance. Small splashes of rock plop and ripple. 

Whiffs of decay float. They water eyes. The smell pulls focus to water and swamp.

Sun rises. Shadows shrink. Rocks warm.

Cool breeze fades.

Brown stagnet water turn green. Dead lily pads, mose, vines, coat edge of water and boulder.

The pass through tall sedge with pint pollen tips. Pollen floats through the air.

Myst holds nose, sneezes soft.

Grunts and snorts of hobgoblins sound from the rock wall top.  

Feet shuffle step, leap and push boulder and rock. 

Rocks fall splashing into water spreading dead moss, leaves and lilly pads and ontop of floating cypress trunk.

Rocks skip from boulder to boulder from top of rock wall to water.

They duck lower into the sedge. 

Goblin shrills beyond the wall peirce through the scamper and shuffle of the group.

The rock wall bends and lowers. 

A giant oak grows agains the base of rockw all and edge of swamp water. The branches press against the rock wall spreading shade and shodows. 

Shrills and grunts and rocks skip and drop from above. 

Goblins and hobgoblins step over edge of rock wall.

The group walks under the branches and leaves of the gaint oak. 

Kirra and Spear stop.  Spear peers behind. Kirra holds up an open palm. 

Minst, Myst, Carlos and William and Jan stop and stand. 

Spear points above. Kirra points back and forward and above.

Soft chat and clinks and snaps of goblins are. 

Buckey rests legs upon the soft sediment of the swamp floor declining into the depths. The water ripple around settle.

William shrugs and points at the great oak and swamp.

Everyone looks at Spear and Kirra. 

Kirra and Spear look at Jan. 

Jan points behind William. She points to the swamp and points to the tree then to the swamp.

Kirra nods. She walks by Myst then Carlos then William whispering, ,,Back to the log. Use log to float away."

William stares at Kirra. He points back.

Kirra nods. 

Rocks skip and settle by head. 

Goblins grunt and snort.

William points up. 

A hobgoblins barks and shouts phonics 

William and Kirra step slow and firm between branches of oak growing in layers from trunk to wall creating a canpoy.

A branch snaps. 

Barks and shouts go silent.

Kirra stares at William.

William steps off a branch and holds still. 

Myst nudges Carlos and says the words with lips, ,,Illusion."

Carlos's brow spread revealing wide eyes. He nods head quick. His hand disappears beneath sash and pulls out a pinch of white powder. He blows the pinch of powder and sings a birds song then flaps hands forward. 

A crane flies and flutters under tree. 

Carlos grabs tree branch and shakes it. The crane flies from under the leaves and to the sky then low to the swamp and between the cypress trees. 

Darts and spears splash into water. 

Hobgoblins and goblins grunt, squeeal and laugh a deep shrill of pain.

Kirra looks at William and opens a palm, points to William and point to the shore of the swamp. She points to herself and up through the branches.

William nods and slowly decends to swamp's edge. 

Kirra silently steps through branchs and leaves. She stops and peaks thourgh space.

Hobgoblins and goblins stand in three groups on the top of the rock wall Two groups of Hobgoblins and goblins walk South and North on top of the wall looking at the swamp and at the forest.  

A tall hobgoblin wear chain mail armor barks and points a couple of goblins then growls and talks a jumbled mess of gibbrish.

Two goblins walk down the rock wall to the tree branch conopy.

Kirra steps soft and silent through the branchs and to the rocks shore. She holds two fingers up. Points up then down. 

Spear points to the water and the sedge. 

Kirra and William nod.

Jan slowly sinks into the water. 


