People lay sleeping on the rug and stone floor. 

Carlos lifts head from carpet and stumbles to chest. He clears throat He opens chest and throws out rope, grapple, sleeping map, ten torches, Block and tackle, fishing poles, sleeping rolls, pot and pans, cups, knives and spoons, metal plates, mirror and shave kit, dried strips of meat and bottled soup and stew. 

Louds hits upon the stone floor sent sound to the ears of all. People lift heads and look around. 

,,Stop," says Kirra.

Carlos looks back, ,,If we are going to leave today, best leave sooner rather than later."

,,Remind me why we can't wait another day," says Spear.

William sits up and rubs head, ,,The flooding." William stretches and holdds head, "If we wait. some things might be underwater or hidden until next season.'

Carlos points to a pile with the thick rope, block and tackles, sleeping pats; bottle soup and stew. ,,That pile stays with the chest." He picks  up the rope, "Do you have a better rope, a silk on maybe?"

William shakes head, ,,No."

,,Everyone needs about four days food," says Carlos.

William stands and stretches, ,,But there is town two days ride through the valley."

,,Four days food," says Carlos. He walks past Spear and kicks Spear on the rump, "Time to get poking." He steps over Kirra lets tip of foot hit leg. ,,An you have got a mug to fill with water. We won't be finding water in the swamp. We want to be light."

,,Are we coming with you?" says Kirra.

,,Yes, we all go as one." Carlos looks at well in middle of room. He walks to well, lifts empty bucket tied to rope and tosses it down.

There is a splash.

Minst walks down the stairs and smiles, ,,You look bad."

Kirra tosses a boot at Minst hitting him in the stomach.

Carlos pulls out the bucket from well and pours the water into another bucket. He points to the small pile of fishing gear and dried food and wraps. ,,PUt that in saddle bags." He walks up the stairs lifting bucket of water the entire way leaving a water drip trail. He reaches top of stairs, says, ,,I'm going to clean up for the road. We'll be leaving before the sun's zenith."       

William gathers chain mail and helemt. He straps on his father's leather shirt and pants. He grabs saddle bags from the basement and fills them with food and a couple of waterskins. William find Myst drinking tea in the kitchen. ,,Are you okay," says William.

Myst shrugs. ,,The conversation with Reigh is quiet this morning."

William rubs Mysts shoulders, ,,she'll come through." He walks through door, "If you need anything carried. I can talk with Buckey." He walks to the stable and to Buckey.

Buckey gets a clean saddle banket. The saddles is strapped on and his body quicky brushed by William. When William raises the saddle bags, Buckey steps away, huffs and puffs. Makes a snort and clops.

,,Come on Buckey," says William. "I was worried about you."

Buckey walks out of stable.

"Buckey," William walks after Buckey with saddle bags in hand, "You know how the swamp is..." Williams joggs to Buckey's side, "You know I wanted you to come, but not everyone else has a horse.

Buckey stops and and nods head.

William straps the saddle bags of food and water to Buckey then straps two bed rolls, and the chainmail wrapped in leather over back.

,,Got enough on that horse," says Spear. Spear walk over to William and Buckey standing by the fense.

Spear walk with leather tunic and trosers strapped to body. His huge swords swings at side. His tall leather boots tied to knee. Loss tanned leather pants are tucked under boot tops. The leather armor dotted with falt copper studs pulls over Spear's chest holding back hair and muscle. The armors short sleeves show Spears tattooed arm and a leather band with feather and claw tied around bicep. A similar leather band with feather and claw tieng end of his braided hair. He slaps backpack, ,,Time soon to go."

Kirra walks from field to William. He hair wet and dripping. A bow gripped in hand. Tight black leather armor covers body.

,,I see you found the river," says William.

,,Yes," says Kirra. 

,,Do you want to journey with us to the Valley." William puts brush in saddle bag and pats Buckey's rump.

,,Yes," says Kirra. She leans the shaft of bow and quiver of arrows against leg. She pulls her top hair back and ties it into a pony tail. Kirra's Black leather body armor rises and lowers over curvey body and tone arms. Flat bronze square plates in bend and curve over body. The plates do not touch and tighten rope laced from chest to neck. 

Spear stares at Kirra's body. 

Kirra puts on tight black gloves. "Appears I should have let Spear know I found the water."

William walks by Spear with Buckey. He hits Spears should. Buckey's tail hits Spears face.

Kirra pulls on belt loops around waist, and she lowers bag with bed roll and clock tied on back. She pull black cloak from pack and tooses it over should fassening the hooks to hold it around nect. "When will we leave." She grab pulls on knife and sheath on left hip and shortsword on left hip. She put on pack and quiver on back.

Williiam and Buckey and Spear walk into field. ,,Soon," says William.

,,I'll get Jan," says Kirra. She grabs bow.    

Jan sits lotus behind the house under the tall strans of grass by the tree line. Her short cropped hair is tucked upnder a brown cap strapped above the ears. A dark brown rob flows from shoulders to ground covering body.

Jan sit starring through the leaves of grass. 

There is silences.

The wind gusts and the grass sways. 

Kirra stands near Jan. She stares at Jan. She smiles, ,,Are you two ready to go?"

Jan looks back, ,,Yes." Jan stands. Her robe rises and falls over body. A statchel appears on matted grass. Robe's falls to wrists and ankles.

,,Does the order follow  with our new friends," says Kirra.

Jan picks up the satchel, ,,It does. In fact it will us journey with them." She puts starap of statchel over head and arm laying it across chest. She grabs Kirra's hand and they walk to William, Buckey and Spear. 

The sound of pots falling to stone floor come with a shout of, ,,BLESSED BE!"

Kirra looks into kitchen door. 

Myst stands before table with bed roll, lantern, silk rope, a large bag. She picks up and hangs the pots and pans on hooks above the table.

Kirra and Jan walk on. 

Myst rolls story book into bed rolls, loops bed roll with silk rope and ties lantern, rolled up robe, a large bag of spell components, and a leather hide tied. She pulls purple cloak over shoulders and looks at the bag and bed roll. She blows hair from face. ,,I'm ready. Do I have everything? ...Yes, good. Now we go." She takes the bag and leaves the kitchen.

Minst walks from reading room and walks around kitchen looking behind buckents and tables and under pots and pads. He returns to the reading room and looks under cusions and chairs. He pulls back curians and crawls around the floor.

He sees a small sack laying behind leg of couch. He grabs the small sack, stands, and hangs it on belt around waist with many other small bags of red, blue, yellow, red, brown, green. He brushes is elven mail. 

Carlos stands at door, ,,Are you coming with us."

Minst smiles, ,,If they..."

,,They do," says Carlos. "As long as you don't pick up the trash." Carlos winks.

Minst smiles.

The leave and walk to meet with Myst, Kirra, Jan, William, Spear and Buckey. 

,,Did we shake loose something?" says Carlos.

,,He's on the fence," says William

Shake sits on fence and watches the clouds pass over head while watching everyone leave walk around the house and stable.

,,Shake," says Carlos.

Shake jumps from fence and walks toward the group.

,,We should go," says William.

Carlos points East to the tree line, ,,We should avoid the main road for a distance."

,,There is an off road path we can follow." Willliam looks from Shake to the group.

,,Lead the way and we will travel during night," says Carlos. 

William nods.

Everyone looks at each other. They shift swords and straps and wraps.

William says, ,,Lets go Buckey."

The group walks on. Shake meets up with them near the East fense.

Kirra breaks the silence and says, ,,Where are you going?"  








