William follows Spear. Grun and the Rose Pack Warriors follow Spear and  William crawling through a tube once used to push sewage from the dwarved moutain and into the valley. The tube has been travelled before by the Rose Pack Warriors with Spear and William during the past fifty-five rotations.

For fifty-four rotations the pack has been crawling through tubes and tunnels, over trash and mud and in the murky water laying is stagnet at the bottom of pools. They've ran from the trash monster and learned the game of rage. They've walk from waking to sleeping searching from new tunnels and holes openning here and there. 

For fifty-four rotation Spear and William have followed the Grun and the Rose Pack Warriors fighting goblins, hobgoblins, trolls, trogolidytes, trash serpents and maggots the size of human heads.  For fifty-four rotations punishment by being assigned to the Rose Pack Warriors lead by Grun. After the punishment was given, and Spear and William were taken away from Minst, Kirra, Jan, Shake and Minst. They were surrounded by the Rose Pack Warriors and given a prompt devotion demand and accpetance into the Rose Pack by Hern. 

Hern conducted the ritual which consited of giving a drop of blood and swearing body and honor to the pack for now and forever. For the oath is for life thought the punishment to fight, run, live land learn with the Rose Pack Warriors was only for fifty-six rotations. Once the oath as given and accepted in the center of the rose statium Hern cast a spell upon William to see the darkness as day as dwarves and wererats see. Then Hern departed leaving Grun and the pack to lead William and Spear their new home in the Rose Pack Warriors' Den for fifty-five rotations.

The Rose Pack Warrior's Den is nestled is both on the base of the deep building topped by the Rose Stadium and in the barracks of the Rose Wall leading where once Spear and William's other pack were quarantined. The house complex at the base of the Rose Building spans levels and gives each warrior its own ten by ten living area to store a bed, cloths, trinkets, money and anything of the fashion when not on the hump through the tunnels and caverns of the outlining edges of the Vein. A few family share the rooms as they wait transition to larger family quarters, but few of the Rose Pack Warriors mate or marry having given focus and the love of living in the barracks of the Rose Wall close to the action of patrols, protection and pride.

The barracks is a space with a huge room for beds, a large dinning hall with kitchen, a training area and gym and a large library and gaming room where kegs of ale stack to the celing.

The bunkhouse is rows and columon of beds carved out of the rock wall surrouded by relief drawings. To reach the top beds one must climp the stone relief statues of the immortalized heroes of the Rose Pack Warriors. Spear and William were assigned beds on the floor near the base of the bed wall.

The dinning hall is nearly filled with one long table giving little space to walk past an occupied seat on the attached bench running parallel with the table. Food is served from the kitchen by passing it along until it reaches the end. The head of the table is reserved for the newest members, which is where Willam and Spear sat passing plates of bread, mushrooms, mutton, grubs, mealworms, roots, banas, grlits, ham until finally allowed to eat. After food the pack would retire to the library  or training area.

The library is filled from floor to ceiling along the heigh walls with books, games, enigmas, puzzles. Pillows and rugs span over the ground to allow any with game or book to sit and play. The books were occuppied and used as often as the them games. The games played were isolated to those of wager. Almost any game, according to all of the Rose Pack Warriors, could be played for wager. It was the only way to play a game that one's life was not at risk said many a dwarf. Cards and rolling the bones were the favorite. Usually done with drink and food  brought from the dinning room.  Willaim and use the library not to play games not to read for leasure, but rather to train with Grun after patrols to learn basic dwarven. Training of the mind was not the only training.

Circles for sparring circles encoumpass space through the training hall. The circles areas to spar with wooden weapons or bared hands. Some cirlces are small fitting only two people are large filling a team. Each circle fills unique spaces in the abstract room creating obsticles similar to short tunnels narrow tunnels or ledges. A ladder spans from floor to ceiling agaisnt the wall and in the center lf the room hidden below the floor  of the court yard between the lift and the wall containing the beds, showeres and dinning room and library. 

Training was an obsession by some and a requirement by others.

Spear and William after Grun's initial language traning  were each given mentors to learn both fighting with the pack and a deeper meaning of dwarven. Newon and Fri were both choosen to serve. Both Newon and Fri understood enough basic common to command and order Spear and William while beginning to show Spear and William and how to order and command. 

Newon and Spear after an inital tension quickly found their love of bare fisted fighting and hatred of magic a beginning to a base friendship that grew from cycle to cycle. Newon showed spear how be to fight with a hammer and pick. He helped Spear control the Rage of Were to better manage his Were infection as a tool and weapon and not a curse. As the cycles past, Spear and William become a distant pairing during the pack's training and patrol time while Spear and Newon became fighting pairs, drinking pals. Newon in their spare time helped Spear craft and forge a hammer from the raw iron.

William and Fri found common ground to build a base to learn the dwarven language and the ways of the Rose Pack Warriors, but their spare time was more apart than together. William had no love for crawling through the tunnels and slopping through caverns searching for groups of gremlins or a new deep troll nest. Fri was a good teacher, but William wanted to better his swing of sword than swing of hammer. If they did come together it was with the crossbow. Fri being an expert at the crossbow and craftsman of the bow to match any in the Vein showed William how to create a light weight metal cross bow able to strap to the wrist and shoot further and true that a wooden bow three times the size. Fri and William did enjoy each other and found ways to communicate with their limited understanding of the other through the rotations.

Rotations last ten rotations  with two rotations off. The punishment of William and Spear forced both to serve a continual life of rotations off. When Newon and Fri left to their city quarters, Spear and William were showen how to create forge and create the intricrate amror worn by the Rose Pack Warriors. Because of Spear's disdane for wearing metal covering the body, Grun showed him how to carve from wood the plates and fasten the plates to stroner metal mechanism to shift and slide the armor as Spear transformed from human to wererat. The rotations off Spear created a plate to cover chest and arms  leaving the rest of the body covered only on tunic and pants thick as hide. They both learned to carve during the off rotations.

The rotations began with Begin Routine or Hunj Cynid. A soft pound of drum begins to rumble from the wide opening of the sleeping champer. The Rose Pack Warriors gather and line up in two parrallel rows. Grun would enter and begin the cycle of stretches and shouts. The Rose Warriors are then left at ease to dress and ready read for snack in the dinning hall in full armor and dress. After the snack another set of stretch was performed in the court yard between the wall and the lift door while the lift raised to take them to the first patrol area of the day.

Then Witny Cynid Patrol Routine began in the lift by the warriors checking each other's armor and inspecting weapons. Once the lift sets to the  level the dwarves begin to replace another pack. The pack would then seperate into patrols groups of eleven with on leading the patrol. William and Spear would always be selected to patrol with Grun.

The patrol encompased the South rim of the Vein that spans to the mountain suface that slides into the valley, the golbin city and the  swamp. Rarely did the patrol leave the moutain, but rather remain in the moutain walking caves and tunnels burrowed and dug and out of common use, search and check the sew pipes and tunnles spanning like a spider web under the mountain. 

Patrols remain largely uneventful except an occasional troll tribe finding their way through old caverne or a newly dug goblin and hobgoblins tunnel. The few timesthe patrol want to the surface they would exit near the peak of the mountain. High enough to lose the detail of the Valley. The trips were largely symbolic and a matter of process of few creatures could venture to the top and few to nonecould  pass these dwarven made passages and the guards. The guards who were replace every few rotations by a patrol.

Guard Routine as standing and waiting. It happened both at the peak entrances and at the entrance of the lift and a few tunnels close to the valley and the goblin town. Standing in place and watching through the still of darkness for movement and listening to changes in silence was as exciting of most guard rotations. During the fifty-five rotations with the Rose Warrior Pack did guard duty change for standing and listening to fighting was during two times when guarding the area near the pipes and tunnels near the valley, near the tunnels that thrust William and Spear into the dwarved Vein. 

The goblins and hobgoblin horde was expanding and not matter how many old sewer pipes and tunnels were close or caved there appeard two to take its place.

Clean Rountine is the routine after the patrol or guard. After a time sitting on the lift the doors open to the court yard and funnel through one of six doors. Each door entered into a hall of stone with a liquid solution spraying from the top and draining at the bottom. Each of the Rose Pack Warriors would strip and dump all items on a pools then be required to stand in the solution spraying from above for nearly two hundred taps of the foot. A time William found after wondering how long they spent under the water. Once (write something else can't think of it now.)

Dinner and training followed clean routine. Then entertainment and sleep.

Sleep came ease to both William and Spear even sleeping on the rug of a stone floor. The sounds of snoring dwarves didn't stop either from sleeping soon after laying down. Their bodies always sore, their minds always worn and their focus marching, walking, climbing. studying, swinging hammar, speaking dwarven, learning how forge and create armor both wooden and steel.

Sleep didn't come easy the night before the final rotation on patrol with Rose Pack Warriors. For William, the mind was thinking of Myst. For the fifty-rotations he tried to focus on the training and education. He tried to not want to be with Myst, but he felt her and dreamed for  her through the rotations without seeing her or hearing of her.

For Spear, he hand come close to the pack and comfortable in wererat form. He in part didn't want to leave the Rose Pack Warriors, but new his life was beyond the mountains. Deeper still there were instinct beating in his heart and now part of each beat and with each beat it beat deeper the desire to remain with the pack.

For both, they were curious why Minst would be joining them during their patrols final rotation.

Grun had grumbled during dinner the fact Minst would be joining them on the final rotation. Grun didn't hate wizards, but he had no love and felt no need for one to join warriors on a warriors cause. Hern, however, gave the order and the order was to be completed no matter Grun's feelings. And Grun realized, given the special purpose Minst running with the pack, and it being the last rotation of his punishment, Minst appearance would be of little worry. In fact he even told Spear during training he will be leading the patrol tomorrow. 

A fact that also caused Spear to remain awake.

The morning came. William and Spear woke, ate, dressed and marched to the court yard where Minst lay sitting on the stone floor reading his spell book.

William and Spear walk to Minst as the other dwarves and patrols walk to the huge lift platform. 

,,Minst!" hollers Spear.

Minst looks up and smiles. He stands leaving spellbook and component bag on the stone ground. He smiles and tries to say with a deep voice. ,,Spear."

Spear and Minst hug. Minst lets out a gasp from the squeeze. 

William steps and slaps Minst on the back, ,,Where have you been my friend?"

Minst looks from Spear to William...
