Kirra and Spear stand in a Spear and watch William's body and bleeding thraot descend through tube into the wall of darkness.

The Sphere shitfs and rolls and coveres the hole as Kirra leaps toward the hole down.

Spear scampers around to the chants of, ,,IT IS SPEAR! IT IS SPEAR!''

Kirra leaps for the body and lands on the sphere.

And William's body decends to the dark.

Kirra strikes the sphere over and over as it rolls.

The rolls stops, and Spear's scamper around the dome and bowl slows to a stand by Kirra.

Then the sphere rolls to the hole as a metal plate rises up the shaft.

,,IT IS SPEAR,'' is shout by a few as Spear stands on hid paws and rise to push the sphere.

The sphere thumps.

Kirra steps with the roll of hte sphere. ,SPEAR!''

The sphere stops roll for hole to be open to a metal platform rise.

Kirra steps on the platform, and Spear leaps to land by Kirra.

The platform steel plate lowers into the tube and wall of darkness. 

Light shines to the funnel tunnel to the Warriors waiting.

Kirra shouts and grips sword, ,,WILLLIAM.''

Two black leather and red chian mail guards step before Kirra and Spear.

The shadows shift and sway.

Soldiers wearing purple leather and yellow chained shirt holding short swords and small shields mach into the funnel tunnel. 

Spear leaps between soldiers near doors and along halls. 

Small shields rise form the other end of hall, and two nets fly through air.

Two soldiers near Kirra and the tube watch Spear run to the sixteen soldiers.

Kirra slams flat of sword agains one guard and hilt of dagger to the other guard's coif covered head.

Both soldiers fall as Kirra steps past the two starring gray suits holding mop and bucket.

All watch Spear collide with the two deep line of purple yellow soldiesrs. 

One net covers Spear's hind pws. His front paws bash aside two shieled, faces bodies. He lands on floor and leapes over a dwarven warrior.

The soldiers swords swing at Spear. One cuts paws.

The bloody paw, along with teh other three, land on soldiers and floor. Paw claws swipe and punch.

Two guards fall dead.

All guards of yellow and purple spread.

Gladiators stand and step away. They shout and cheer.

Spear swips paws and snaps jaws.

Guauds spear with shields out and swords pointing.

Kirra runs the hall, shouts and leaps.

A net flies at and behind Kirra.

Soldiers step agains the wall and open through the hall. They pump into the gladiators.

Glatiators push the soldiers and laugh. A few whip towels and howel. Most clean, dress, sweat.

Spear leaps at soldiers wax then Wane.

The soldiers to the wane steps back and press agianst the wall.

One soldier is punched by a half giant af the soldier bumps into its butt. The soldier falls, and other soldiers stand with shieldds up and swords pointed at Spear then Kirra. 

Spear runs from Warriors Waiting, leaps over the pool of heated water to the other side and through the double doors. 

A net falls on the pool. Two humans dressed in scars push at Kirra.

Kirra leans back and steps away untouched as she hits a pokeing sword. 

Path to Spear spears from the double doors to the stairs and lift. 

Kirra follows through the halls of glass, stares and pointed sword tips. The path leads to an empty lift and globe light. 

Spear scampers around the lift. 

A few soldiers of red and black run the all and up the stairs at Kirra and Spear.

Spear rears on hind legs.

,,Spear,'' says Kirra. ''No.''

The lift shifts and lowers to darkness and from darkness to a hall to stairs.

Purple and yellow soldiers stand along the glass hall walls with short swords at side and small shields held to chest.

Kirra and Spear stand on the lift. 

A purr flows through Kirra's body and shakes and the nerves. 

Kirra clenches teeth.

Love sees, >William is being taken to Myst and the Priest on Tone to sing for William's Soul if it wishes to return.<

The purr sooth Kirra's muscles. 

Kirra lowers swords and stand by Spear.

Spear lowers from hind legs and sits on lift's floor. 

,,We are free,'' says Kirra. Her voice flows through the hall.

A few soldiers laugh. 

Love's purr tickles over skin. >You return to nest. You sleep. We talk of freedom during light.<

Kirra loosens jaw and stands.

Spear looks at Kirra and walks along the hall.

Kirra follows.

The soldiers steps from wall and Kirr and Spear walk the hall. The soldiers lead and follow Spear and Kirra.

The group walks from the obsidian stadium. The walk to the bizzar and through the bizaar to the gym and the halls of the gladiators and warriors.

As they enter the halls, the shadows flickers and followew as guards step from the group. When the walk the halls of furs and chairs, the warriors leave Spear and Kirra to walk alone. 

Through the halls, Spear and Kirra walk by gladiators.

Gladiators is on chairs; heat on floors, snore from their rooms along the hall.

The hall spans and insercts. Spear and Kirra walk the stairs and halls to the nest.

The nest spans form Spear's and across the hall into the entracne of William's room.

Spear scampier to William's room and sniffs around the door then sniffs over the cotton, twigs, skins and leather bits that weave the next and lead the sniff into the skinny hall into Kirra and Spear's small room.

Spear sniffs a must and mint and stops near the entrance. Spear squeaks.

Kirra sniffs. Both hear a nose snore flow from William's rooms.

Laugh clacks along the hall. Warriors pushs and wrestle as Kirra steps to the door of William's room. She steps over the nest and into the flat glass floor.

William's room is empty except a large glass box and a bed roll.

Kirra looks through the hall to Spear.

Spear scampers into room along a nest. through the gray sight of being, a mound of black cloth spreads over the nest.

Spear sniffs and whiskers twitch. Spear sniffs and stands on hind legs.

Kirra's foots steps crackles nest to the pile of dark cloth and the snore.

The snore rumbles then coughs. The bundle shifts and fumes with mint and cinnomons.

Spear jerks headup and falls on all fours.

Kirra kicks the bundle and slams the flat side of sword agains the top of hte pile.

A spark shock stings through Guile's head, neck, spine.

Guile rolls and covers head, feels small staps and pokes and mass covering and pressing.

Kirra stands with swords in hand. 

Spear steps to her back to face the hall.

,,Show,'' says Kirra.

Guile holds hold and sees and says, ,,>GUILE.<''

Kirra sniffs. ,,Show yourself. Smells be known.''

Spear squeaks.

Guile throws off the robe of reign. ,,Guile.'' He coughs and bushes away. ''I...'' He looks around. ''I...'' He peers at Kirra. ,,Kirra?''

Kirra lowers sword. ,,Guile.''

Spear squeaks and sniffs from hall to Guile. His whiskers tickle Guile's face as Guile moves face away. ,,I was coming here.'' He looks around touchs the hilt of dagger, the carraffe in bundle, the cube in pocket.

,,How get here?'' says Kirra. ''You dead.'' 

Spear sniffs from Guile's face and over his arms and lets, between crtochs.

Guile watches Separ and says, ,,I died.'' He sniffs and pulls robe of rieghn around body. ''Senator Rind and Love raised my dead body. Wanted.'' He sniffs. ''They wanted to know toll death moan.''

Kirra flexes and lifts sword. ,,Where William body?'' 

,,Love,'' says Guile. '' Love has the body. Might take the body to Myst.'' He sneezes. ''We.'' He sneezes again. ''Wen need to go.''

Spear steps back and sits on hind legs.

,,What happen after you die,'' says Kirra as she sides steps around guile to see both Guile and see along the narrow passage ot hanging sheet and hall. 
 
Guile sneezes. He wipes nose on sleeve of robe of reighn, sniffs. He feels the purr of the mind trust. ,,I worked to live. They made me a gray in the pits. Worked.'' He sniffs. ''Been working.'' He sneezes. He looks at Kirra and Spear. ''Clean towels and tunnel. Cleaned the garbage under pit. Work for the gray union. Love wanted to help with fights.'' He wipes nose. ''No.'' He sneezes. ''Help. Tried to control fighter. Split mind. Kill Flare.''

Spear lowers on all fours. Kirra steps and and pionts with sword. ,,Kill, Flare.''

Guile wipes nose and pulls the robe from the straw and cloth from nest.

The cloak snaps and dust blows through air.

Guile sniffs. ,,Flare worked for love.'' He looks at Spear. 

Spear sits on hind legs. 

,,Where's Flare?'' says Dead.

Guild stares at Kirra. ,,Dead. Stabbed her.''

,,Love let kill,'' says Kirra.

,,Love jealous of her connection to Spear. Love didn't trust.''

Kirra lowers sword and looks though all.

Dim yellow light illuminates the cloth door.

Kirra says, ,,No more work day William dies?''

Guile siffs and wipes snot on sleeve or rope of reighn. ,,Love wanted William dead for glove. A curse. She talk of curse for killing. Kill self no curse. Get guantlet.'' Guile sneezes. ''She.'' Guile sneezes. ''They want the guantlet. Had it. Took from the hand of William and left. Told to find you. And leave. Leave on a carvan across desert. The caravan controlled by Love. And...'' He pauses. ''And...We gotta go if we want to leave.''

Spear squeaks.

Kirra grunt laughs. ,,Leave with will for trap.'' She points sword. ''Where's guantlet? Where' William.''

,,You will know the time when,'' Guile siffs. He looks at Kirra and Spear. ''There is no trap.'' He stands and lest the robe of reighn fall to ground. Hand rests onhild. ''There is a plan to get us to leave the city and to to the rise.'' Guile rubs nose. ''Love...'' He feels the hive mind purr spread through body. He touches stomach and feelin only a small mount of fat and flap. The purr of mind trut thrust through alll pain. the purr spread through ankle. The ankle pain pulses and spread through the purr and the purr is like soft wind blow a tickel from a ditance.

,,Talk,'' says Kirra. She raises sword.

Guile says, ,,You don't follow your mind...'' He sneezes. Head wips and necks muscles pulls throbs bak through spine. The pain through spine calma nd quiets the purr of the mind trust. Guile spreads the mind and forms and shifting pulses weeaves of pains circles. Guile thinks and speaks form the circle. He says, ,,Love's desire.'' He sees through the pain of pulsing cirlce and thinks from it. He looks along the passage to hall. He stares beyond Spear.

Spear looks at Guile.

Kirra says, ,,Speak.''

,,I protect my mind,'' says Guile. He sniffs. ''Not safe if hearing near?''

Spear steps and runs from the room with a squeak.

The squeak sees to Guile. ,,I will scout the hall.''

Guile squeaks the thought and feeling to touch Spear's wererat mind to see. >I tell Kirra.<

Spear walks the halls.

He stands by the door. Wax to Wane the hall spands with only the shadows moving from the flicker of a couple of touches on the ouside of a warrior room far rock throw away. Spear squakes.

Guile hears and feels the squeak and says near a whisper. ,,I killed Flare. She lead us here to get the guantlet of William's and see us for pay. Love want Flare dead. Flare feel Spear. Love hate Flare's feel. I kill flare and live. I live to guide the pack from the town and across desert with William.''

,,Why?'' says Kirra. The vioces of the tension flow through. ''You pack lead leaders,'' she smirks. ''Why love want us? Why trust you?''

,,William. William and grand battle the guantlet will end or begin,'' say Guile. 

Kirra ppers and steps close to William that her soft and even breath breath by Guile's hear. Her hand grabs Guile's balss and pulls. ''It is a trap.''

Guile feels the pain in balls still swollen from the thuds of pain from the night before. The pain spreads and pulses with the pain of circle Guile sees throug hwith the mind. He says and stands calm. ,,Yes. Love sets trap. More traps. No way out but with the caravan. You stay here fight. We leave. You die if here and fight. You will lose when money is gone.''

,,Wh?'' says Kirra. ''Why want William, us?''

Guile holds voicedown. ,,We will guard William better than any. We leave when we get beyond. Guantlet gone. We go.''

Kirra stands.

Guile sneezes and squesak.

Kirra peers. 

Guile says, ,,Senator Rind wants the glove. The glove can only be controlled by one of a blood line. William is of that blood line.''

Kirrra shrug shoulders and nods head back.

''The guantlet is cursed. Battle is the only way it can be one. Or self death. Without cursing those who touch the guantlet. They want the guantlet to kill power and take that power.''

Kirra shrugs and nods head back.

,,The have the guantelt,'' says Guile.

''They not ones want guantlet to protect the power to kill?'' says Kirra.

Guile looks at Kirra. He peers. ,,Maybe. Maybe not. I know if they wanted to kill us, I and William would be dead?''

Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

,,A plan not complete to hid from those who read minds,'' says Guile.

Spear squeaks and sniffs and peers. Spear feels a few warriors standing near the shadows beyond the line of sight beyond his own. Spear squeaks of a few near.

Guile sniffs.

A rat the size of a foot pokes head through the weave of the nest and squeaks.

Guile feels no mind and think. <You don't want a mind to find William.>

Kirra peers at Giule and steps back. ,,Where's William? We go.''

,,Now,'' says Guile. 

,,Before dark come,'' says Kirra. ''We go know. Kill us be free.''

Guile sniffs the dust. He sneezes. Head wips and pulls pain through head. 

A rat squeaks and scurries to Guile's feet. He looks down and nudges the rat away. ,,You.''

,,Where Willima?'' says Kirra. Her voice flows to Spear and walks from the hall to the path. He sniffs Guile and squeak.

Guile looks at the rat, and the rat and Spear sniff near the other. He says, ,,I must lose the mind to find William.''

Kirra snuffs. ,,You say escape with William. You have plan. They don't say where go. Where William.'' Kirra guats and smirks. ''Plan.''

A flow of purr spread from the thought of no mind and hte pain cricles and tingles through body of Guile.

,,Rats,'' says Guile. ''Rats will lead. Rats will know.''

,,RATS,'' says Kirra.

Spear squeaks and walks to bowl near a couple of rats. The rats sip the milky liquid then scatter and Spear shiove snout into bowl.

,,We follow rats. They know. I will find. You follow Spear,'' says Guile.

,,Bigger than rat. Can't go rat holes.'' She says too slow. She steps and grabs water skin hanging from a twig of many twigs wove up the wall and over the ceiling.

a bit of dust blows.

Guile sneezed. ,,They know. Will...'' Guile grings. He feels the pain of ankle and heead throbing after sneeze buzz with the purr of the hivemind. The thoughts stretech and rase with the beat of heart as Guile's body shifts and shapes.

Guiles shoulders, eblows and wrists pop and slide and arms extend. His mouth and jaw open, pop and extend with nose. Torse and spin musels flex and mpup with heart over body as Guile rises a foot tall then hunches like a hybrid rat hunche. His fingers nail grow to clase and fury body. The gray warps around foot tear as claws poke thorugh and treat the warp. Hair brows to fur, and fur sprouts from body, face. From faces. Whiskers grown.

The robe of rieghn and branching armoor spreads and rise over Guile.

He rests on hind legs and sniffs. Through a mind of movement and smell swirling in a chaos of feelings and rage. The hivemind and the pain fade from thought and feeling.

Kirra lowers teh waterskin and watches Guile and Spear.

Guile and Spear fill the small room. The walk around each other and sniff from snout to tail tip. The small rats around the food and water bowls of Spear scamber the edge of the circling meet and plays.

A few more rats stick heads form the next through the room.

Kirra says, ,,Rats. They lead. I gather.''

Kirra gathers Pouch of 100 Gold Fang Coins; silver Light's  scale mail that dazes with light dots reflected from armor and weighs less that a sword is rolled into a bundle a leather sack with thick black rope with a diamond worth 1000 gold fang and charm; Spear's small pouch of rubies worth 500 gp; A dull silver ring that feels of power over Kirra's finger. A sack with gold neckless and earrings from a human monk. She shifts through the statutel of the Great Kolom's and sees the components; scrolls, maps; ring and necklace. Three bags with cloths and white powdered are pulled from deep in the nest. She bundles ten water skins and three sacks with sticking bread and cheese. She finds las a red pouch with gold nudgers and a diamond stuffed in nest neared a red dagger.

The red daggers are tossed in bundle near path to the hall.

A few rats poke heads from ceiling and squeak hight and low; fast and slow; throug moutha and nose as nose pokes and sniffs. Many rat wiggle from nest weave and climb the rats climbin rats to get near Spear and around Kirra and Guile.

Kirra packs sacska and bags in a saddle bags and ties the saddle backs around Spear's back and under belly then ties it over Separ shoulders. She throws her back over shoulders. ,,We go.''

Guile squeaks.

Spear growl squeasks.

Rats gather before Spear and spread through the passage to hall. Their bodies claw and climb of roats and the rats pack spreads from Spear's nest and into the hall.

Spear scurries form nests, Guile follows and Kirra runs.

The rat slead and spread over the floow. They run under table and chairs and over rubss and table tops through the hall toward the showers and toilets. Cut and sweaty warrriors step to the door paths to the hides and watch the rats scurry and spread past.

A few rats from the rooms join the rat fun along the hall.

A human warriors with braids and dark skin steps from hall to passages. 

A few shadows flicker but do not extend over the rats.

The rats lead through the hall and at the line of warriors watiting for shower or shit.

The warriors step and naked or with two or sheet from the light and the room.

Shouts and clickds spread through the showers. 

Warriors run from the rat rush.

The rat russh flows through the entrance of the shower and shits stalls. and spraed through the stall hall and warriors.

Warriors naked and sweat; press against walls. A few stand mid shit to squeeze of and leap and highs step along the pathe between the shttersna dshowers adn around the corner after the other warriors. One warriors slips and falls down a hole and splashes to a splat.

The rats follow the splat. They sucurry through shit and shower hole and around the smooth, but sticky. The rats spread through the room as thewarrios exist and step away from the rush.

Spear follows the ratss and leads Kirra  and guile.

Guile scurris and sjumps squeaking and sniffing and scurring fast.

Kirra peers at the warriors stapeeing from the pack and twoard the dark.

The warrriors' swat towesa and pull hidden knifes from sheets cotton cloths. Theys stomps and kick at the rats.

The rat slead dow the holes and forward to a skinne tunnel barely wide enough for spear to run.

Through the tunnel, a soldier wearing read and black swats and kicks at rats as rats run over its body.

The soldiers stumbles and falls down a hole and hits with a thump. After the hole and aw wall and rats run up the wall and down into the hole.

Spear, Guile and Kirra follow the rats into the hole.

Into the hole, steel bars desend to a platform and soldiers body covered with rats. The stell barrs become a steel ladder that stes to a rised glass platform in the center of a flowing river of piss, shit, slime and water. 

A glass  platform spans from the circle to the two sides of a glass swer tunnel the spans forward and back with slight rise back.

The rats scurry foward and up the drain and moss and slimy slug like bugs that twist laong the walls dn slime. 

The rats hors and fall in the musck. They splash in piss and climb to crawl out fo the stream of peed and watter flowing down around the chunks. Rats from to the narrow pathways on the sides.

Spear runs to the wax along the platofr and follows with squeaks guiding a path and telling Spear of theirt home. 

Guile hears, but feels the rats more than listens. He feels their want to follow Spear and feels their minds calm as they rund from the light of the shit and shower room to the dark of the sewer tunnels.

Kirra blocks the light as she grabs the bars going down and climbs down. With rats she decends, and when her head dips below the hole into the tube to the tunnel, soldiers of black and red rush inot room.

The shadows stretch, and Kirra feels the shadows scrape her shoulders. 

Kirra drops and runs the plank after Guile as they scamper along the ledge after the rats. She runs and looks back.

A rat covered soldiers climbs then falls from the ladder to the podium and fall.

A shadow stretches from the lights shining trhoguh the hole to the darkness of the tunnel then behons a sihlouette.

,,Go!'' hollers Kirra. She grabs a red dagger and silver sword and runs after the rat pace swarm.

The rat swarm leads to an intersection and wax then a six wat intersection and down. 

A large tunnel twice as wide as a great leap descepts to darkness. 

Rats claw, climb and fall into the tube. Hundreds run along the ladders. Hundreds claw the mucks and slime covered walls and rund down. Hudndreds fall. All ead the way of Spear.

Spear squeaks and stops and peers along tunnel at Guile and Kirra.

Spear squeaks and stops and peers along tunnel at Guile and Kirra.

Guile scampers at Spear.

Spear squeaks to guile to follow and lead.

Guile and rats aways squeak yes to Spear.

Spear sees a sihloueete behind Kirra.

KIrra feels a mass behind. She sees spear through the dark like black and white day. She turns and strikes with red dagger and stabs with silver sword. 

The dagger and swords slash and stab. Both hit and feel to slow and pull through a jelly the swing through. 

A cold spreads and whistle and scream shout through the tunnel. 

The screams spans and rats scatter and spread from the sihlouette. Rats fall over the edge; run along walls; run away. 

More silouettes in the dark of dark outline and rush at Kirra and Spear.

Spear squeeks and raises on hind legs.

A dark clawed arm scrapes Kirra. 
 
Kirra hits aways two other claw strikes. ,,Sewer run stinks.'' She grunts and steps off.

Four sihlouettes flowat behind the one before Kirra.

Kirra stesp back and swats aside claws and ducks and leans away from grabs.

As Kirra steps near Spear, a distant squeek echoes. The echo squeek is repeated and flows up the tube going down. The echo of squeeks comes with the echos of splashes.

Spear squeeks like a roar and leaps over Kirra on to the shades of shadow soldiers.

The rats squeak and rush at Spear. The run up the walls. The run along the walls. The run from Guile.

Giue squeakes and feels the surface talk through the rats.

The rats begin to climb on the shadow warriors, Spear and each other. The rats squeatk and climb.

Kirra raises daggers as a wall for rats rises near the edge of the drop down into dark.

Down in the darkness, guile hands and squeaks.

Squeaks spread and speak. ,,Kirra. Down.''

Kirra looks down then forward.

Forward, the wall of the rats rises from the stone dtice betweeen the two ledges and to the arch.

SPEAR! burst from the wall for rats flying with back at Kirra.

Spear hits Kirra and falls down the hole.

Kirra stumbles and falls. She grabs a bar sticking from side about six heights down the hole.

Rats run up the wall and fall over the ledge down into the dark and by Guile withs Spear.

Spear falls and falls then spleshs sludge muck.

The plop slop, and rats fall in and swim to side.

Kirra looks down and see Guile at the edge of the dark sight climbing down.

Guile squeeks and rats rush up the wall to the tube and wall of rats.

The wall of rats bulide to the edge of hte tunnel as Kirra climbs down the ladder to Guile.

Guile squeeks and listens and climbs down to a ledge. the ledge leads to a tunnled with a ledge and a ditch. The ditch dump water into sludge.

Into the sludge Spear swims and climbs from the muck to the air.

Rats upon rats swim and climb from the sludge with Spear. They scurry up the wall and after Guile.

Before Guile rats sit and stare. The nods heads along the tunnel as rats run and falls down the wall.

Kirra steps to ledge. ,,SPEAR,'' she shouts. She sees the Spear swim and climb through sludge to side and scurry up ladder with rats.

Rats squeak and begin to run from Guile and into another tunnel.

Guile, Kirra, Spear run with the rats through the tunnels on a down slope.

The an upward slope through intersection the flow of rats leads. The flow ebbs and goes.

Kirrr peaks back for the Shadow Soldiers.

Shadow soldiers sihlouettes, a dark against the edge of her short sighted nigh sight.

The run through tunnels and the climb a long ladder through a tube. Rats then Spear climb the lader then tube.

Guile follows Spear. A few rat leap and cling on the rung of the ladder up the tube. Rats forma a ladder to let rats climb. Rats run pas Kirra as the silhouettes of the shadow warrors spread near.

Kirra steps and climbs the ladder.

Rats follow. Rats fall. They cling onto Spear and Guile.

Guile climbes the leader with rats hanging on shoulders. He thoughts becoming twitches and squeeks of sents, sights of William Westmore. 

The rats chirps and pulls; squeek and nip feeling to Guile to climb and follow to find without his mind, but with the pack mind.

The pack mind spreads through Guile and spans from rat to rat as the rats spand from Guile to the ladder bottom below.

The rats below climb over the hole down and the hole up and wiggles.

Kirra sees the wall of rats clog the hole behind here. She hear squeeks and maons and snapping of small bones.

The pack climbs through two tunnels. 

The rats spread from the tube. 

through the tube rises to a dim light, the rats frun from the tube and along a tunnel.

The tunnel of glass glows faint light. 

The class tunnel is a half circle of clean glass. The path floor is parted down the midde with a wide flowing stream. The water dances over the walls and over th rats.

Rats spread and stain the smooth clear glass with shit paw prints. The rat waves spreads and leads Guile.

Guile hears and feels the squeeks and smells. A few rats pull on Guile's whiskers to guide him to the Wax at intersection. All the rats squeal and click and nip to apace that feel and sees to Guile and Spear.

Spear hears and feels the rats like pound from his heats pulsing them far and near thumping and bumping in a beat through the halls.

Through the halls of dim light the shadwos stretch and span after the pack.

Squeels and rats fly and along in the clear rushing wwater and the glass clear path to an intersections and a thump like  deep heart vibrting from the wax

The rats run wax toward the sound.

The pack follows, and the rats follow. The rats beyond Kirra's sight squeels and scatter as the shadow soldiers from across the rat shadows caste from the dim light of the floor.

Shadow soldiers create a darkness like a wall the spreads toward Kirra and...

The pack runs wane at and instersection following the rats through un tunnel and a pound of back and a humming sound flowing like ripple over the water flow pure and bright. 

The rats scatter leaving thousands of paw prints over the glass.

The rats scatter past the pack and away from Guile as he follows the beat and hum through the tunnels. The rats swim with the river flow flowing behind Kirra. Their squeels silent in the song beating through the tunnel. The rats scatter from Guile, Spear and Kirra.

Kirra looks bahine and sees the wall of dark beings unseen through the dim light glow.

Forward with their run the go. Guile and Spear follow the beat of deep drum and hum and whistle of many coming together as one. Then there is a clicking chant the mummble to talk and a shout

Kirra peers before at a bright light. She breathes and grabs dagger and sword hilts as walks into the sound with a few glances behind peering for shoadows, but only seeing dim light.

The dim light spans through intersctions and halls as the water flows. No rats scamber. No shadows stretch into the song.

The song with a beat thumps with a hum that flows with a whistle as the dim light steps to a bright light.

Kirra slows her walk as Guile and Spear run forward to the light. ,,Spear,'' she shouts.

Her shout like a whisper to a moan hum hitting boom. she raises words and jogs toward the bright light.

The bright light spread and span into a large dome room tall with a pool spaning in the center. 

Around the book stand being in gray and white and black robes chanting and bangking on drums. The drums thump, and the thumps pound to a trance Spear and Shake to sit and stares and let the music guide theirs sight in the center.
 
The center rises like a hill with eight small streams of water flowing down and to eight tunnels.

Kirra steps from a tunnel and walks to Guile and Spear and past Guile and Spear. Her quick and striding steps weave the body through the tapestry of ropes staring and singing or pounding with the song. 

A few in robes sway. All have hoods pulled over head, and shadows hide the faces. Sound flows forth.

The sound sooths Guile and Spear to sit and look at the backs of the ropes as the span of robed people rise to the rise.

At the rise, Kirra steps and nudges a few singers and sees a large pool of water bubbling bursting with light.

The bubble water floats a body.

Kirra peers at the body and see William.





