>Guile, you open the door,< sees Guile in a dream about him running a maze as a hybrid wererat.

Guile's Pain Trust thumps and maons through a maze of sand.

>|Guile open the door,< sees a voice from the sand below Guile.

Guile's dream state begins to sink as he dreams.

As Guile dreams, Spear stands and stares around the room. He looks from the shuttered windows along the outter walls and the open windows at the center of the room.

A cool breeze blows from the windows from the walls in the center of the room. Dim sun light shines through.

Myst, William and Kirra, Guile sleeping away from the door in the large room. Pillows, blankets and bedding had been pulled from the two sleep rooms and thrown inside one spot.

Spear steps by the pack and by the water tub at toward the door. He looks to the door. He feels his spine tingle.

Guile hears in his dream. >Runtik of Lovetik needs to enter to give you your good.<

Guile snorts and roll to other side. In his dream, he beginnig to sink in the sand where the voice of Runtik feels to flow.

Spear looks at Guile then the door. He grabs his short sword and steps to William and Kirra.

Guile wakes and snorts. He breathes deeps. ,,Get...'' He looks around the dim room.

Spear steps over Guile.

Guile snorts and clears throat and swallows snott and phlegm. >Heard something in mind. About the door.<,,The door,'' says Spear. He gribs short swords and peers at the door, steps and nudges Kirra with foot.

Kirra rolls on side and wakes. She grabs dagger.

Spear says, ,,You see through door to the mind seeing your."

Kirra grabs short sword.

Guile sniffs. ,,Maybe.'' Guile's stretech and sits.

>Guile, it is Runtik.< sees Runtik. >Open the door.<

Guile says, ,,Runtik sees.''

,,Runtik,'' says Kirra.

,,Runtik,'' says Guile.

,,Only Runtik,'' yawns Kirra.

,,Don't know,''s ays Guile.

Spear steps. ,,Wake William.'' He sheathes sword, steps to door and glances back.

William shakes heads.

Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods.

Spear opens door, grabs Runtik and pulls her thorugh the door.

Door slam shut.

Runtik breaks Spear's grasp, steps against with wall near a shutter and flicks wrist to let dagger slide from wrist to hand.

Kirra and William stand with swords and Spear steps at Runtik.

Runtik grins, ,,I wsa hoping for a less exciting entrance into the room.''

,,Knock,'' says Guile.

William holds back a yawn and says, ,,It would be a better method of entrance than standing at the door.''

Runtik looks over the pack. ,,I was knocking Guile's mind, but I didn't think all of you would be sleeping. It is dark. There is no sun. It is time to leave the city.
''

,,Leave,'' says Guile. He snort snot from nose. ''Want to heat food. Drink water. Get fat. No water.''

,,William,'' says Lovetik as she slides dagger under her desert wraps and branching armor into its sheath. ''You hand is wanted by many. They know you are here as I knew you were here. The Army, the casters and probably some of branching want your silver hand.''

William clenches his Wane steel hand. ,,And you are not one who wants my silver hand for you own good.'' He lifts his long sword.

Runtik stands in the door threshold. Her voice sooths with a hint of laughter. ,,You want me to speak loud for all esle to hear, or I come it and shut the door.'' She glances behind. ''What should I do?''

Kirra says, ,,Enter.'' 

Guile puts on his robe or Reighn saying, ,,Kill her now.''

,,You kill me now, Guile, and your contract with Lovetik and Ringtik may never be fullfilled.''

Guile clears throat and spits at Runtik's feet. ,,Never complete. Never honored. Got a blank sheet of paper.''

Runtik laughs. She shuts the door. ,,Paper.'' She sniffs and with sniff here body seems to calm and focus. ''They contract through their hivemind. They remember the details.''

Guile smirks. ,,Kill her.''

,,Better for pack,'' says Kirra.

,,Oh, we just want to hlep you survive,'' says Runtik. ''If you are to remain with this silverhand then you will likely die.'' Runtik place hand on chest. ''I only lose profits from the complete contract.''

,,Contract,'' says Guile. He sniffs and feels the Mind Trust purr and fills his body with the purr.

William clenches his steel hand. ,,You have a contract to help us survive? For what ends do you truly want us to believe you help us.'' He points steel finger at Runtik. ''Why shouldn't we believe you a petty thief, reading our minds and using the story to make us believe you.''

Guile says, ,,What if you're the enemy?''

Spear smirks. He flexes his broad chest and walks to his desert wraps hanging from open shutters around the center four walls. He pulls off the the robe like sheet hanging over body to stand naked.

Spear says, ,,A path without reason is a fools journey.'' He grabs desert wraps and pulls the thick white cotton robe over his thick tense muscles. ''We follow the Myst's song and William's quest.'' 

Kirra steps and stand before runtik a soft breathe away. She looks up a it to stare her down. ,,You are a thief. You are a liar. You are not with us. You leave.''

Runtik smirks and peers down at Kirra. ,,Your steel hand needs me.''

Guile shakes his cloak and sits before his pack. He opens the pack and shifts through a water flask, a healing root wrapped in Good Sheet to feed for days. He sees through the purr into the Mind Trust purring through Runtik. >I want to see with Love.<

Runtik sees to Giule. >I far from the Mind Trust to connect a chain.< Her purr flows from mind and body.

Guile remains in Runtik's mind feeling her words as she speaks sensing a feeling of belief down deep enough her body moves to the action as truth.

As Guile and Runtik see to their minds, Kirra says, ,,Never trust her.'' She steps away and grabs her elven dragon bow and quivier, grabs her back and armor bundle and walks to the outside wall. She opens a shutter to let the starlight and sounds of the street flow in. She sits and looks through her back.

As Guile and Runtik see to their minds, William steps behind Runtik and opens the door, lifts his sword and down the stairs. The thick white robe flows with a breeze that blows from the windows in the center of the room.

Myst says, ,,How many people have a steel hand like Wiliam?'' She opens her eyes from the song singining in mind that plays through her body tuning her soul with her body. 

Runtik says a huff through nose and slight shrug of shoulders. ,,I don't know. A few. Ten. Maybe twenty.''

William peers down the stairs. The candle light and lamp light in room castes back the dark until the stairs twist down. ,,You lie.''

Rutnik voice pitches high. ,,Yes. I lie. but only when it is to save you.'' She looks back at William. ''If I had not lied, you would have been with the caravan when it was destroyed.''

Willliam swings long sword at Runtik's sword. ,,Who has the guantlet?''

Runtik stands and stares. ,,I know not.'' She looks at Myst. ''There are many steel hands. But your steel hand is the only human steel hand.''

Guile snorts and swallows snot. He says, ,,And the guantlet the only guantlet.''

Runtik stares at Willima. ,,As Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

William's stare blinks.

Runtik spreads a vibrating tone like Myst's throat maon from her body into her mind and at William. The tone spreads thorugh William's mind like a song whispering, ,,Carlos the barded dwarf, Carlos the barded dwarf,'' the the unthought mind.

William stabs at Runtik as Runtik daucks to the side feeling William's rage before the mind acknowledges the action. William swords stabs past Runtik.

Runtik stumbles back toward Mysts and falls. She shout as she hits, ,,I'm trying help!''

Myst glares at William and grabs Runtiks. She stands. ,,William, what in for the song of Reighn do you strike to kill the chorus.''

Guile, still in Runtik's mind, says, ,,She's playing with your mind William.''

William steps into the room and slams the door. ,,She's a siren of our death.''

,,Who saved you.'' Runtik stands and steps back.

Willliam clenches teeth and jaw saying the words ,,WE DID.''

Spear signs. ,,William.'' 

,,QUIET!'' shouts William. He raises clenched steel fist. ''Or I will cut this off.''

Runtik laughs.

Myst scowls at Runtik and hums through throat.

Spear turns and walks near Myst and Runtik. 

Guile sniffs and sits. He looks at William. 

William says, ,,Runtik, answer my question and let Guile read your mind as you speak or I will kill you if you do not leave.''

Guile snorts, ,,What if I lie and says he won't let me see her mind.''

William peers at Runtik. ,,Then she dies.''

,,For the good of the world,'' says Kirra.

Runtik pushes to a sit and sits lotucs next to Myst.

Myst hums mouth and reaches for drum. 

Myst's hums flows like a soothing vibration the massages the tight skins and tense muscles to relax. 

William feels the song and hears a song of drum beating a pace from his heart through his mind. He inhales then exhales allowing jaw to lossen and drop. ,,What do you gain from our contract? Who do you work for? Where do you lead us? What will you do with us when we arrive? How can you prove you work for Lovetik and this hivemind?''

Runtik stares wide-eyed at William.

William looks at Runtik. Guile follows through Runtik's mind in the Mind Trust purr. Myst's hum flows through the room.

Myst sees vibrations of bluse hue  span around the pack and Runitk like waves.

Runtik says and forces jerk of head. ,,Is that all you want to know?''

,,It is what I want to know from you right now,'' says William.

William and Runtik's hues still radiate blue.

Runtik says, ,,I will gain a working relationship with Senator Ring and Senator Lovetik as well as those Senators of the Tyrinaium Domain. I will gain prominance in Branching allowing access to the war front for transportation and distribution of goods. We of branching will gain weath and friends in high places to alow use to grow roots into the future. I work for Branching.''

,,Branching,'' say Guile.

,,Branching,'' snorts Kirra.

,,Her,'' says William.

,,It,'' says Spear.

,,You met Branching.

,,No,'' says Guile.

,,Maybe,'' says Kirra.

,,Yes,'' says Spear.

Myst sees blue hue flow from all.

William says, ,,Answer the questions. Where do you lead us? What will you do with us when we arrive? How can you prove you work for Lovetik and this hivemind?

,,Killer her, now,'' says Guile. Guile pulls a diamond from his pack and cups hand around the diamond. He closes his eyes and presses into the diamond.

,,Yes,'' smile Runtik. Her voice is like laughter. ''Kill me now. Kill me and never have hope of leaving this city alive.''

The song of Myst of Reighn echoes from Runtik blue as it echoes from all.

William says, ,,Where do you lead us?''

Runtik says with a dramatic exhale. ,,I lead you to Tyrinum.'' She looks over the pack. ''Tyrinium is where the steel hands go.''

Myst sees the blue hue of truth... Spear sits by Kirra and sharped swords with set stone. Kirra looks at Three bags of bundle of white powder, thread, needles and salve to heal and puts one in pocket and the two others into side pocket.

,,Why,'' says William. 

Runtik looks at Wiliam with wide eyes. ,,Why...'' her voice fadeds to silence then whispers back to says, ''What?''

William clenches steel fist. ,,Why. Are. We. Going. To. Tyrinum.''

Runtik smiles. ,,I. Do. Not. Know.'' She winks. ''I know I get paid by delivering you.''

,,What do you know of the steel hands,'' Spear says as he pushes wet stone over blade. ''Why are there many?''

Runitk glances back at Spear. ,,What I have alrady siad is still true. The steel hand will shatter the philacry of the head priests of Bin, who is a lich and a n illusion.''

With Myst's Hum of Truth, she hums, ,,It is the want of all for Bin will make all the Gods fall and crawl. Bin hight priest is a beast that will feast on all our souls if she is not beat.''

All look at Myst. 

Myst hums.

Runtik nods. ,,I car nothing of Gods.'' She looks at William. ''I can prove Lovetik is contracted with me. I prove not with contract but with items.'' She slides a long dagger with oridimental hilt capped with a deep red gem that feels to pump as it is looked upon.

Guile feels a pump in head then feels to flow a twitch in cheek. He says before he sees, ,,It's Shake's Heart Dagger.'' He looks at the knife. ''The dagger stole in Lyno.''

,,It could be stolen,'' says William.

She looks at William. ,,I have your armor.'' She looks at Spear. ''I have you bastards sword and the Rose Warrior Hammer and Armor.'' She looks at Kirra. ''I have your back and undergarment that protects you from the elements.'' She looks at William. ''I have received these items from John of the Goblinkin. They are yours and a show of faith and trust, but also proof to follow me.''

William says, ,,Where's john of the goblinkin?''

,,John is in the city,'' says Runtik.

,,Where,'' says Kirra. She peers at Runtik.

Runtik flicks wrists, and two daggers slide to hands.

Kirra stands with short sword letting her pack fall. She steps at Runtik.

William stepe before Kirra.

,,Where's John,'' says Kirra.

Runtik grins and nods. ,,He's gone.''

Her hue flows purple.

Myst sings a hum. 

Willima feels the hum and says, ,,She lies.''

,,He's gone beyond your reach.'' Runtik steps back toward the wall. ''YOu will die trying to find him. You will not now. I will not show you. They will not let me.''

Her hue flow blue from the song.

Msyt sings, ,,Her song sing and ring of truth of her talk. Along the line of truth and lies she walks.''

Spear stands, ,,I go for the proof.''

,,Kill her.'' says Guile.

Kirra steps at Willaim and Runtik. She peers at Runtik. ,,She'll kill us if paid.''

Runtik laughs and says with joy, ,,You will live! You will see the day as long as my contract states you live.'' She ends talk with a chuckle to self. ''You have not idea where you are.''

With back turned to Runtik, William says, ,,I know when we are being lead like cows to the slaughter.''

,,Your quest is the slaughter,'' says Runtik. ''We are all pawns.''

,,Not alone,'' says William.

,,Alone,'' says Spear. ''I scurry faster than they run.''

,,Not alone,'' says William. ''Runtik has an ambush.''

Runtik slides daggers into branching armor, and the daggers slide in and fasten ,,You kill me, and you will find away the people wanting to kill you before you leave Oasis.'' She steos back toward the wall and close to Guile. ''You let Guile see the troll death moan.''

Runtik's hue shows blue.

Myst says, ,,Her truth she believes as true for I see the blue hue.'' She speaks to hums.

the hums span.

Spear stesp to the door and behind Kirra. ,,You lead to the armor.''

,,Not alone,'' says William.

,,Yes,'' says Spear. ''IF an ambush then only one dies.'' He stands by door. ''Guile me to the proof. Then we return.''

willliam grabs sword. ,,Who seeks our death?''

Runtik smile, ,,The God Bin and all those 

Guile smirks. ,,And Branching with contracts to kill us or cut your hand.'' He presses palms into the crystal. ''And we are only the distraction.'' He clears throat. ''Easy to find. Easy to follow. Easy...'' Guile mummbles to silense and a stares, and his hands squeeze the crystal.

The packe and Runtik pause and glance at Guile for a momemet.

Guile flows a maze of thought through the fausets of the crystal. His thoughts leaves trails of energy within the crystal. He sees a white and feels light flow from him. He blinks to see from Runtik. 

Runtik says, ,,We go.''

William says, ,,Guile, do you hear me.'' 

Guile sniffs and nods. ,,Hear you.'' He pust the crystal in pack. ''Getting ready to go.''

Spear dresses in the desert robes and wraps and wraps the beld with shord swords.

While Spear dresses, the pack begins to pack.

Myst's hum slows and calm. It flows near silence and is only hear by Myst as she stands and see to Reighn. 

A song sings through her mind showing colors and shapes burst.

,,Are we going to go get proof,'' says Runtik. She peers at Kirra.

Kirra huffs. ,,We kill her.'' She lowers swords and steps back and turns back at Runtik. ''Shout a shout.'' She lets robe fall to floor shower her nake tone body. She grabs armor and dresses.

William gathers wetstone, waterskins, back. 

Guile sniffs and eats bread on a plate.

Myst sing for Reighn. Rieghn plays stings plucks like a guitar strumming with a drum thump beating from Myst's heart.

As the pack readies, Runtik smiles. ,,We will return soon.'' She looks at Spear. ''Unless we are ambushed.''

Spear nods at Runtik and looks toward door.

Runtik places palms on chest. ,,You want me to lead?'' She opens eyes wide. ''Me?''

,,Move,'' says Spear.

,,Or I kill you,'' smiffs Guile while looking thorugh his pack for his healing vials.

Runtik smiles, grabs door and opens door. She steps through.

Spear follows.

Runtik leads Spear down the sipiral stairs, along the hall toward her door. She stands before door. She presses on door. She feels  nothing. She opens door.

Door opens. 

A small room spreads. 

,,You remain in hall.'' Runtik steps into room, opens the standing closet, grabs the large bundle and tosses it to ground. 

Rose Warrior Armor, Rose Warror War Hammor crash agaist William's armor, Minst's back and battle belt, cloaks and bows.

Spear stares, and Runtik pushes the standing closet back against the wall saying, ,,You...Grab...The...Bundle.''

Spear bllinks away stare and grabs the bundle. 

Clicks and clacks snap along all. A couple doors open. 

Separ steps to hall.

An elf warrior holding a long sword and silver shield dressed in trousers and shirt steps to from door to hall. 

The clicking and clacking dontinues as Runtik stops pushing the dresser.

Runtik says, ,,We go. Now.'' 

Spear stands. 

Runtik says, ,,Spear!''

Spear steps along the hall and to the spiral stairs.

The clicks and clack silences through the hall.

The elf at the end of the hall steps into room. 

Before Spear and between Spear and the spiral stairs going up, steps three hugoblins.

,,RUN,'' shouts Runtik. Daggers slide from her branching amor to hand hands as she sees in mind to Guile and steps to the hall.

Spear hears and runs at the three hugoblins.

The three hugoblins, dressed in black robes steps from stairs and walk across the hall. Their black robes spread to show black platemail. One holds hands over a necklace hangingout neck.

Doors shut along the halls

Two fo the three black robbed hugoblins pulls out short swords and nets. 

The hugobins being clicks and clack. 

Spear throws throws the bundle of armor over the heads of the warroirs and leaps at warriors.

The two warrios swing swords and cut spear on arms and leg. 

The bundle of amror hist the the hugoblins holding the necklace.

Spear hits the two warriors, grabs the bundle of armor and runs to stairs.

Clicks and clacks echo through the stairs, and feets stomp up and down stairs. From the other side of the hall four soldiers run.

Spear runs the stairs around and around. He runs behind three soldiers  walking along the all and run up to the door and three soldiers knocking on door. Spear hollers like dragon and charge.

As the holler of  Spear shakes the walls, Runtik appears near the shaft.

Runtik says, ,,Spear runs the stairs to door.''

William, fastening breast plate, grabs long sword and strides to door, opens door.

Kirra grabs pulls on hte last strap  of ankle armor and slides sheathes from scabards and steps at Runtik.

Guilg fumples his back and sniffs. ,,Where you come from?''

Runtik says and steps holding two knives toward the door and william, says, ,,I come from the room below. Spear is beyond door.''

Spear's feet pound stairs. He arms thrust the bundle of amror and weapons at the three standing at the door. 

One i knocked sidr and to turn to raise small shields. 

Spear lowers shoulder and slams the space between. He knocks aside the two shields. Shoulders slams door with the thunk.

The door opens. 

Spear stumbles in.  

The bundle of armor and weapngs thumps to ground. 

Two short swords slices at spear and his arm. 

Click and clacks smack and clack through the stairs. 

Myst grabs drum and thumps its top and release a whistle. 

The whisle spreads like a force from her mouth. The whistle flows like a cone through the threshold of the door.

A song sings with strings and whisltes and click voices singing a symphoney thorugh Myst;s mind.

The three black robed behind slow. Two fall to knees. 

Willliam grabs the door and pushes door closed grunting between rages. ,,WE'RE AMBUSHED.'' She shoves sholder into door.

Two short sword blades sttabe between the door.

Myst sings. ,,Open the door William for I will show the a horor a...''

William opens the door. 

Kirra grabs the armor bundle and pulls it from the door and the path to the door. 

Spear rolls along the floor.

Guile grabs robe and back and steps toward th back away from door.

The door opens, and Myst thumps and drums over drum top.

A wave of sonic flow blows and bangs against bodies.

The three black robes step and fall down the stairs.

William slams the door shut. 

Spear grabs the table and drags it across the floor.

William says, ,,We do we go now?''









