,,Our path is lost.''

The desert wind gust. The stars twinkle. And a caravan rolls behind the pack and their wagons.

A few shouts of ,,Bin,'' span and fade like the lights shining at the encampments behind. 

After Kirra speaks, and after a few steps, William says, ,,My path was determind by the false belief my family was part of the goblins invasion. It was lead by the beliefe that my hand was the only help to stop the destruction of a God. It was lead by Carlos, Senator Ring, Love. I have felt and know our path was with Runtik to kill the avatar. 

After Kirra speaks, and after a few steps, William says, ,,My path was determind by the false belief my family was part of the goblins invasion. It was lead by survival and what I am beginning to believe is false lore. I ran took the path of family lies. The path of lies lead a path death that took its took in the lives of friends. This path lead to being enslaved, raped, drugged, beat and scarred. This path has lead to live and death. This belief lead by the beliefe that my hand was the only help to stop the destruction of a God that wants to kill my God. It was lead by Carlos, Senator Ring, Love. It was lead with me, this pack, to help us live in this forever altered world.'' William stares to the Rise horizon. ''Put where is the path.''

Guile sniffs. ,,Tyrinium?'' He glances bac to the Set. ''Not going across desert.''

,,The desert is dead,'' says Kirra. 

,,And what will become of the battle and the Gods,'' says Myst. ''If rumors be true than the army has spread to the shore, It may consume what we knew as home.''

,,Home,'' says Wiliam. He huffs and smiles. He glances back.

The oxgoblin and wagons behind  roll.                

The pack walks.

William says, ''I remember when we left the family house I gave a ring I thoguht real to...What was his name.  Thomas Gland. He move to Westmore around the time I was borne. I think he bought that building from my Father. It was one of the last properties we owned.'' He looks around. ''Kirra, you remember. The bar keep. The owner of the bar that they burnt down. Or some one burnt down?''

Kirra nods. ,,Simple fun times. Want to kill Jan. Me.'' Her voice almost feels to smile. ''Simple fun times.''

Myst hums. She says, ,,What it feels like to be of the minority race we all now know. If only a diamond ring that becomes an illusion could save the people of the twon from the horde. If only it's shine could spread light for Reighn song to be seen.''

William walks. ,,And all this around is a sight and path we are blind. But a destination I can not find.''

,,Maybe it's lies?'' sasy Guile. ''A stor fabricated and spread by Runtik and others. A way to guide us along the road and then kill us. It could be a lie spread by Ring? Don't know?'' Guile feels a glow pump through viens. ''Not going across that desert. Have to journey the whole way. Don't even know whats to Rise of Gnomesidy. The coast. The dwarves of the mountain. No need to return. Here. The path is here. Find a place to live in a big city. A city like Tyrinaum.'

,,What do you know of Tyrinmum,'' says William.

Guile says, ,,Know it is part of a two part capital that spans the long and wide Canyon. Know food, water, busines and trades.'' He strides wide steps with William. His breathe deep and free. His find following the maze of night to the gray light. He conintues stride and says, ''Know Tyranium may be a place for a non-goblin to live and believe. It's a capital.'' He shurgs and nods head back. ''Where else to go? Get lost. You. You go back? You find what it is?''

William inhales and says, ,,We first find if the story Runtik has told us is true. If it be true. And if we are going to be free as long as my silver hand is not free then I will journey across the desert until I am able to live in a land a little less goblin and more human. I have not desire to live around the beasts. It's is not a world I wish to wake.''
 
,,I will not be leaving this land,'' says Myst. Her words and hum vibrate with a long cord flowing through her mind. Her heart beats a drum thump that paces her steps and spans her sight. ''Here is where Reighn will need me most. This land and these people need to see the beauty of Reigh

Kirra peers into the dark. She glances at the wagon behind. She listens and walks and peers for the heat. ,,Return across desert. Once truth is found. We will not be free if we remain. Branching. Senator Ring. The spellcasters. They will find us and kill us.''

,,Unless made useful,'' says Guile. ''Or useless.''

Kirra clenches bow. ,,Your fait then not your own.''

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,A path from this place,'' he glances at William. ''It is a path easy. A path away will lead from the probably death of all responsible for the death of the avatar.''

,,If you are caught,'' says Guile. ''If found. All these people. The peace Runtik and other talk about. No peace for them. Only power. The army will fight. A war front is not place to hide. It's a place to die. We're all thought bad. They want us dead they will find us. If they need us dead to hide information. We won't make in to Gnomsidy of Tryrinam.'' He steps wide and long with William, Kirra and Myst.

The oxgobins pull along the wagon and a steady pace.

The carts behind roll as fast the pack's load. 

Without missing a turn of talk, Kirra says, ,,There are places to hid in any empire or God bored and meddling with mortals.''

,,I will not hide,'' says William. ''We should return and travel the desert, like Kirra suggested, and help the armies and the people strike and kill our enemy. We return to find the general and leaders that will need our help. We know more than all those. We need to act now that we can longer help the fight against the empire.''

He looks at Guile. ''We could return to the Rose Clan. And you can prove your might and freedom while helping the kingdom to repel this army.''

Guile snort. ,,Goblins declares war against the dwarves of the vein, all the warriors, Rose or non, will fight with the goblins. Humans, goblins.'' Guile looks at William. ''The kingdoms don't care who is on the surface. They want the mountains. Want to seclusion. Hide until deal is struck. Close the kingdom until the war hsa passed.''

,,If they have not taken Waterdown or the port cities along the shore them we may be able to unit the territories. We could find the Pirates of the Cove and even the Harbor Raiders to help.'' William steps and walks backward. ''We must return if we find our destiny of killing this avatar has been complete. We must find if these tales of saving be true.''

,,It is true,'' says Myst. ''The chaos they spread is a  release. A disturbance has occured. I feel it's song. I know the lyrics. What I can not feel or tell if for how long or why.'' She steps. 

,,Then come with we cross the desert. We will return to the coast and find the Order or Reighn. We will rebuid and spread the word of Reighn to bring more into the chorus now that many have been killed.'' William turns and walk. ''We will travel with Kirra.'' He glances at Guile. ''And Guile if he wish to come.''

,,Go to Tyrinium unless a dragon fly me over.'' He glances back. ''We ask that wagon rumor of death heard, felt.'' He huffs. ''but never want to talk with a fanitic when their idol dies.'' Guile walks. ''More worried runtik hides in the shadows. Goes get more to kill us. Why she leave? It's like she planned it?''

,,No one stalks the dark. Too far our of hear sound.'' Kirra glances around the dark night seeing only cart behind. ''Sense the thoughts?''

,,No. Thoughts. No residue. Nothing. Runtik not good at telepathy. She's a traveller,'' says Guile.

William says, ,,Runtik's departure is due to my fist in her chest and her realizing her job is complete and contract is void with the death of the reason.''

,,And return to kill with bounty?'' says Guile.

William nods. ,,We must travel on. Dump this cargo and travel to where we can find water, food. Begin journey. Those who want to continue on may. Those who want to return will return.''

,,Our paths,'' says Myst. ''It a path of all. We must all see the path or the path will be lost.''

,,You feel that in song Reighn or are you only speaking wisdome,'' says William. ''For it is wisdom that we survive when we are together. And if Guile wishes to avoid the desert then we will be without one. And one will be wihouth three.''

guile nods. ,,What to do?'' 

,,We return to Oasis. We travse the parameter and return to Oasis. Then from Oasis we reach Goblin City. We have jewelry enough to buy. We keep these oxgobins while dumping the trailor.''

,,No,'' says Guile. ''No.''

,,No,'' says William.

,,No,'' says Guile. ''We are four. We miss another. You and your silver hand will be chopped. Can't enter the ciy. And no city, no water, food, rest.''

,,Any of us know our destinaton or time it takes to enter?''

,,No,'' says Myst. ''OUr path forward is pave. We still follow it. And while I will walk with the pack to keep it a whole note instead of a half-note I will follow any note of the Song of the Pack is silent.''

Myst hums.

And all but Kirra hear a beat thump from their hearts to their minds and bodies.

Kirra says, ,,If the guantlet in had. We travel with the magic to the disk in Gnomesidy.''

,,Gnomesidy,'' says William. ''That name sees to a distant path beyond many horizons. I can barely remeber, but...But I do remember the gauntlet and that disk.''

,,The past,'' says Kirra. ''No glove.''

,,No direction,'' says Guile. ''Except Tyrinum. Even if stay together. We need a place to walk.''

William walks with the paces and follows Myst hum and his heart beat drum. ,,We need to walk was one if we are to survive. We need to find a good to hid. We need to know how to drive...Through the desert, the forests we strive. A place where we may all survive. And fight.'' He clenches fist. ''And fight until we die for only the weak will have their soul die.'' He looks fomr Guile, Myst and Kirra and says, ,,We need to be as one we are stronger than one.'' And William hums.

Myst taps the bottom of her drum. 

The drum beats paces Guile's, Wililam's and Myst's heart. Their bodies beat as one. 

The beats pound in Myst's mind. 

In Myst's mind, the beat plays with guitar strings, hornes and a flute that sounds like Guile's wheeze. Then a feeling of song sing from Myst.

Myst sings. ,,For Reighn song needs to be sung, so the death of many believers can be undone.'' 

Guile feels the thump of drum and heart spread warm bliss. He strides long and stares to the rise feeling and knowing the path.

William feels the path pull him along the road with Myst. 

As Myst walks as the leader and the first of the path.

Kirra sniffs and looks back at caravan behind. ,,Need more information.''

Myst hum and beats bottom of drums. 

Wililam sings. ,,Reighn will provide the infomration we need to find to gather those minds that will last through time for it is in our minds that we live.''

Guile nods, shurgs shoulders and nods head back. He glances back, but walks forward feeling a pull at his glows guiding.

Kirra reaches and grabs Guile's shoulders and shakes. ,,Guile.'' 

Guile smiles and looks a Kirra, ,,Kirra, what path you take.''

,,A path away from people.'' She looks back. ''The caravan. Maybe walking with Runtik.'' She steps to the cart side and pulls the trap from the top of the middle. ''We find what is in the carts. Glass?'' 

Myst hums. 

And william feels a tingle to sing. 

He says, ,,Kirra, we shall look inside and roll over the desert. And if Runtik be behind then...'' William steps. ''Then...''  Heart beats with drum. His mind flows to walk.

Kirra pulls tarp over the caravan. ,,Stop the silly God song. Knives and daggers are nearer. Gods distant and dead.'' She steps and grabs Guile's bicep. ''Guile.''

Guile pulls from grasp, pulls jeweled dagger from sheath and steps to face Kirra. 

Kirra stands with Guile.

The oxgobins stop the walk. The wagons chains slack, and wheels stop their roll.

Guile stares at Kirra. He holds knife. His heart thumps away song and spreads beating rage.

Kirra raises bow and pulls back string, aims arrow tip at Guile. 

,,PACK!'' shouts William. His heart beats and song drum thumps. He feels intune with all as Myst's hum spreads. 

Myst sees through hum and widens scope of sight and feeling. She feels tension and prayers. She sees a caravan rolling near.

The caravan rolling along the road.

Kirra holds the bow at Guile.

And Guile stands with jeweled dagger in hand. 

William steps between. ,,You must stop!''

Myst stands and hums then talks. She talks to mummbles then internal thoughts. ,,Reighn, it would please...'' <Help them see through the choas caste from the death ofan Avatar through the believers of Bin. Help them see us singing with them...> Her surface speak mental talk becomes notes of a drum beat trying to keep a pace with all.









