,,Guile, you wake for it is time to work. You must learn our field of play,'' says Flare. Flare sees, >You do not think to me or try to connect with a mind. Things thoughts for me and hide all others. Focus on the stale stink of the smug tunnels, and your mind will be cleared.<

Guile rolls on back, wipes saliva from cheek and sitsup. He smacks dry mouth and wisps, ,,Water?''

Flare thoses a water skin on bed. ,,You drink. You dress in the grays. The robe stays here.''

Guile rolls from bed, feet falls to floor with a graon. ,,Steal it.'' He grabs waterskin and guzzles.

Flare walks to the gray suits foldiers on a glass chair. ,,I do not want your smelly robe. No one here will want your robe.''

Guile swalows gasps and wipe face.

Gulie lets the water skin and robe fall.

Fumes of pee and sweat flow from the branching armor. 

,,YOu need to bathe before we work.'' Flare lifts up the robe. ''This can be cleaned as weill.

Guile sniffs and rubs nose with finger. ,,Hungry, thirsty.'' He looks at Flare and pulls back thin clumps of long hair from his chubby face.

,,We will eat and drink after you bathe,'' says Flare.

,,How much credit?'' says Guile. He pulls on the body suit.

Flare grabs Guile's heart dagger.

,,I would hide the dagger, but do not hold with you unless you can hide the weapon. Beyond the gray areas, Weapson are banned for grays' above.''

,,Ritten didn't say,'' says Guile.

,,He is your tour guide.'' She grabs the wine flaks. ''You probably didnt ask.'' She looks at the flask. ''You don't talk much, so probably don't know much from Ritten.''

Guile fidgets with the gray body suit. ,,And Tha kA Tu...

,,YikTORitSuL?'' says Flare. ''YikTORitSuL is not of our team, Guile.''

Guile puttons the gray sheet. ,,Who's on the team?''

,,Me,'' says Flare. ''And you.'' She steps to door. ''Beyond out team are other teams and players, but we are the only ones to play this game.''

,,Why you?'' says Guile.

Flares steps through doo and sees to Guile's mind. >I do this for training and work.<

,,Training,'' says Guile. He grabs the water skin and Heart Dagger and drinks.

Flare point to her mind. ,,Think to your self our talk. If you have questions about being a gray or how it works here talk.''

Two grays, a human and dwarf, walk by Flare. One clicks.

Flare laughs and slaps shoulder of the dwarf as both teh human and dwarf walk along the ahll

,,Give me my dagger,'' says Guile. He reaches out hand. He peers at Flare. He shouts  from psych. He feels the echo of Flare's mind. He listens and flows and finds Flares.

A ring pierces Guile's mind.

Guile squints and falls to a knee.

Flare sees to Guile's mind. >You are still in the hive mind, Guile,< sees Flare. She steps to Guile and reaches out a hand. ''You need food. We will get food.''

Guile looks up. He presses temple and stands.

Flare steps from room and to hall, ,,We will eat, clean then we will work.'' >|You should focus on the divine, arch and mental magic through the grays and the warriors. YOu should not try to feel for things. Let them feel you.<

Guile steps from room and follows Flare. 

They walk the hall.

Hall is illuminated with globes shining. Walls are painted brown and grays. Gray sheets stand in doorways, room. In room, grays dress, sleep, talk and close doors. Doors shut. Doors span ever five steps. Flowers, letters and canvase paintings hang on doors. Gray's lean against doors and talk. They watch Flare walk. The step lean to a stand to let Flare pass.

Flare walks down middle of hall. He arms hang at side. He head nods at gray sheets here and there. She sees. > through the hall. ,

He thinks, <If you can see sites and feel, why you need me?>

Flare sees, >I only see and am protected because of the hive. I have no great power of my own.<

Guile thinks, <You can read minds and see thoughts to them.>

>I work to learn. With the hive, I have learned much<

<You betray,> sees Guile.

Flare steps to the stairs and down. >I did not betray who I was working. I am a warrior at heart, and you and your pack are insurgents into the kingdom.<

Guile steps through doorway to stairs.

A line of grays steps past Guile nudging.

Guile hits the side of the wall.

The grays look back. They step fast past Flare giving Flare wide space as they shuffle down the steps. A few click and clack snap through the spiral stairs shaft down.

Guile stumble steps, says, ,,What we do?''Flare steps slow and steady down the steps, down steps. >You find other like you. You find the magic and the games being played. You use your power to see to me what you see, so the hive will know. You will know what you need to know. I will help you learn.< Flare says loud with slow step down. ,,You help the team clean Warriors Waiting and the pit and the dome. YOu will do as I say.'' 

Fumes of soot and fat float with salf and pepper.

,,How much?'' says Guile.

A thick haze flows over Guile.

Flare steps and stands behind a group of grays standing on stairs. She steps and presses back against the wall. ,,You will be paid beginning pay of 10 credits. If you join the gray's you will earn 15 credits.''

Guile sniffs. He grabs the water skin and squeeze a few more drops. He looks around Flare, swallows, ,,Where's the...'' He thinks, <Where's heart dagger?>

,,I have what you need,'' says Flare. >I will hid your secrets.< ''This line will be between the phases of work. There are three phases. WE work for two phases.'' She looks around at the grays.

The standing grays before Guile and Flare step down and stands. They stare around.

Guile sniffs. <Can I trust?>

>You trust to play on this team and keep your treasure safe,< sees Flare.

<Job,> things Guile. ,,What are phases?'' says Guile

A few more gray step down stairs and stands behind Guile and Flare.

Flare steps with the gray line. ,,The three phases are through the day. Phase one begin during the first light. The light shines with the sun rising. Once the light rises and passes the zenith of its arch the second phase begins. Once the sun lowers to the set then the third phase begins. There is a sound through the pahse for those without a light to help define.''

,,What phases we work,'' says Guile. 

Flare looks back at the grays standing the the side. She sees, >We work phase one and two.< The step dwon the stairs. >|We will think our thorugh about our duties. You wil feel and see those who seek your thoughts and find ways beyon the hive to survive. If you do not then you will not have a job or be dead.< They step down the steps. >We speak in general with our vioce. We speak specific and ask questions with our thoughts.<

<Any caught?> think Guile. Guile glances around. He focuse on the stains on shirts, the dirt under nail and darkness with no thought or action.

>Many have been caught. Most have been killed. The rest have been sent to the front lines.< Flare steps from the stares through a door frame.

Guile sneeze. Snott sprays. 

People wipe face and step down and from the stairs.

Guile sees through the door frame.

The line of grays spans by seats and sofas, chairs and tables, illusions of warriors standing and starring; through and into the gold hued darkness.

The lines steps and moves. People alk throught. The smoke swirls and hangs.

Guile sneezes and steps and stands.

The line moves. A few gray sheets walk from the dim and step lin line.

The line span across the long wide room. It merges with another line near the other side of the wall. Both line turn and lead through a maze of rope and poles that lead to a long window wall.

Cinmoon, sage, burn flesh, roasted root and acid swamp weed fume with the smoke and coal haze spread through the dark and the room.

Gray's walk past with trays. Piles of root and meat steam. Bowls sway and swish with soup. Cubs tip and spill. 

Guile follows Flare. 

And Flare leads through the maze the line along the wall. The ling flows to the cornor of the large room.

A stack of trays, bowls and cup stand from a wagon above.

A gray stands on the wood wagin and grabs a bowl, tray and cup to a person line.

Guile grabs a tray. He puts tray on two rails that slide along the wide window.

Grays wearing fulll body suits sweat and stand before  trays and pans of food. A large fire and grill burns behind the people through the window. Hug black pots hangover flame. Grays stir poles in pots. They slide shovels under pile of root and green weed. Smoke billows and a wide flat iron sizzels. Rows of meat  are flipped. 

A gray bumps Guile. Guile slides a long as he watches Flare.

Flare point to a pile of mashed potatoes, stalks for yellow root, a purple mush as she slides the tray long the two bars. 

Guile follows and points to the same foods until stopping at the end of the line. 

Flare grabs a cup. 

Guile grabs a cup and drinks and drinks.

A gray standing by a tall galss podium at the edn of the line click and clacs.

Flare clicks and clacks. Flare says, ,,You wait to pay before yo consume.''

Guile drinks and swallows. ,,Want more.''

Flare stares. ,,You take two. You wait.''

Guile nods. He puts another cup on tray.

,,You put the empty cup on tray to pay.'' Flare walks to glass podium. She hold palm over the podium. 

The podium flashes.

Guile follows flare.

The podium turnds read. 

The gray, a hugoblin fat and wide with two chin and a thick neck, steps infront of guile. It clicks and points and says, ,,You pay.''

Guile stands and looks at gray. He peers. He focuses on-

,,I pay,'' says Flare.

Flare steps and hold palm over the glass pole. 

The fat hugobins stares at Guile and steps behind the podiums.

Flare smiles. Flare glances at Guile and walks from between the line. Flare sees to Guile. >Glass podiums like the one passed are pay nodes. You hold you glass cube over the podium until you see a flash. If you see a red sign then there has been no payment.<  

Guile sniffs and wipe nose with sleeve of gray suit. 
 
Flare leads from through the darkness smoke and sensts of sweat, smoke and piss.

Rows of tables of grays spread. Grays eat. Grays talk. They stare through everything. They nods heads and cloese eyes. 

Guile looks at faces and hands. Dirt and stains spread over face. Wrinks of stress spread with biting of food.

Flare sits.

Guiles sites next to Flare. 

Flare eats.

Guiles eats. He drinks. He burps. He eats the roots, the potatoes the yellow weed and the sweat purople stew. He drinks water. He focuses on flavors and textures in mouth. He focuses on the feeling of full and hydration. He stares to clear his mind from thought.

Flare burps. ,,We go.'' She stands.

Guile sneezes.

Sneeze spray his food and flares food and falls over the tray near.

A thin human with sucken eyes and bone glares at Guile.

Guile stares. He feels the rage from the skinny gray scrape the space between their bodies.

Flare glances at Guile and the other and sees to Guile. >Guile, do not kill. Do not caste your thoughts. You need to find those who caste the magic and thought.<

Guile blinks and closes eyes.

The thin gray glares at Guile and grabs root, chews.

A few other grays glare and sneer at Guile.

Guile feels the rage spread and span through the table. Guile pushes the rage to mind.

Gray's along the table shift in seat. A few scratch heads and hands. A few sneeze. All blink and look from their silent stares and mumbling talk of work.

The stares and glance blink to stares and slumped shoulders. Only the thin human looks at Guile.

Guile's eyes focus on the human.

The human clenches jaw and makes fists with hand stained fingers.

Flare chews. >You find.< She scratches itch on cheek. >|You do not fight.<

Guile eats and glances at Flare. The image of the human impresses and radia. ,,Time to work.''

The itch and rage rub spreads from the table to the tables.

People rub noses and cheeks. They pull on hair and breast.

>I can feel you,< sees Flare.

<The hivemind can feel me.> Thinks Guile. Guile stares at the human setting before him. <|You read mind with hivemind.>

The human sitting before him glances from hunched stare at a bowl of mush. He glances at Guile then look at bowl and scoops mush. He glances at Guile.

Guile stares at the glance, stares through the eyes, sees the sight from eyes if human. Guile hears the heart beat of the human across has he sees from it's eyes.

The human's body holds spoon and stares at Guile.

Guile stares at him self and link with mind. He sends an mental shout from the space of the humans mind.

The shout like a clap the hits then echoes.

Flare feels the clap, The clap slap her thought of the hivemind and Guile's mind and the taste of oats and milk.

The thought of Flare ripples back to the human.

Flare follows the ripple to the human and into a dark void.

The shouts spans.

And five strans of thought follow the thousands of mental echoes.

The five strans Flare feels, but Flare's thooughs are in the void echoing...

Flare stares at the human.

The human stares at Guile and holds spoon full right above food.

Guile stares at the human and see with eyes a few people glance at the one holding the spoon.

Then more look and peer at the human holding spoon and staring at Guile.

Guile feels the three waves of thought following the echo of the ripple of the shout. He closes eyes, chews food and flows his thought into mind. He feels the itch over his scalp. He feels the itch over eye brow. He smells the sweat scent fuming from his body.

The human staring at Guile drops spoon. He blinks and looks at the bowl. He winces.

Guile swallows the root and bites a mouth full of tang root and winces at the sharp spice that waters mouth and flows through body. He thinks. <You still connected with the hive.>

Flare stares at the human. She seees into a void. She stares at the human. She feels a squeeze on hand.

Guile squeezes Flare's hand and stomps hall into Flare's foot.

Pain shocks Flare to blinks and side bunch Guile's cheek. 

Poeple look at stare. Click and clack mumbles spreads around Guile, Flare and the human.

The human blinks. He clenches eyelids. Head drops.

Guile thinks. <Five minds felt for the human.>

Flare looks at Guile and pulls hand from his grasp.

The human falls back and to ground. His body couughs and food sprays.

The grays around the human stand and step. Clicks spread.

,,Move,''  afew says.

Guile and Flare stand and step back in the crowd around the fallen human gray.

The fallen human gray's body fidgets and jerk on floor. People steps back and stare. One stoll holds a stick of root and eats.

The space around the fidgeting fallen human spreads to chairs.

Guile and Flare step back from crowd.

Flare grabs Guile and pushes. She sees through through the hivenet. >You will kill us.<

Guile thinks. <Five see to mind. Don't see.> He feels the clap of three mental shouts.

The claps slap against through though of an open space. 

Guile thinks of the tang and stink of the root and the crucnhy stalk. 

A ripple of sense flows from Guile's mind.

Flare feels the feeling of itching through her mind. She feels the pain in foot. The sting numbs here thoughts. 

Pian rippels from Flare's mind. 

Guile and Flare step away from trays and bench and stare with the grown.

Flare sees. >We go.<

Giule thinks, <No.> He steps into the open space and grabs cup of water. He steps back and drinks. He thinks. <|Stay to see who comes to the foci.>

The foci, the body of the human, shakes hands like tremors. It's arms and legs, body and head lay still. The human stares above. Its gray sheets stain with piss and s hit.

Piss and shit fumes spread. People grab trays, stand and jostle from the spot.

A few stare then sit and eat.

Two guard in black leather and red chain mail push a path for a being wearing a black robe.

The black robe's hood is pulled back by glove covered hands. The hood reveals a thin hugoblin face looking more human even with hits jade hued skin.

Guile drinks and looks over the crowd. 

Two gray suits stare at the black from and one at the human.

All other grays look away and steps from the area. 

Flare grabs Guile and pulls away with her step. 

Guile steps and grabs his tray, steps and drops his tray.

BANG! and clatter. 

Many grays jump and look back. A few glance. 

Three grays and the black robed hungoblin remain calm and staring around the crowd. 

Guile kneels and picks-up plate and bowl, tray. He mumbles. ,,Hungry. Annoying...'' He walks by Flare and bumps Flare's shoulder.

Flare steps and follows Guile.

Guile walks along the tables focusing on the thirst. He smacks him mouth and feels his dry skin rubs. Snot slides along nose. He sniffs, walks, leads.

Flare follows. She walks straight. She clears her thoughts trying to focus on smell of root and the sink of the rotten brown root. 

They walk along the tables. Both feel the small clap of echoes and shouts.

Grays sit along the benches. The stand in lines. Many walk with trays to a hole near the wall.

The hole is as wide as Guile is tall. A rail the height of Guile's hip circles the pit.

Flare dumps her brown root left overs and pile of oat into the hole then tosses the bowl and tray into a the back of a wagon. 

Grays crowd around the wagon and the nearby wall. The step and jostle into a line to enter a door.

Flare looks over shoulders in into the darkness deep. 

Grays stand and shuffle. Grays stand in linfe for food. Grays sit as far as the golden hue castes to the darkness.

Flare sees to Guile's mind. >What do you do?< But the sight become like an echos. She grabs Guile's arm and pushes him in step to the doorwar. She looks behind.

Grays sits, stand and eat.

Guile and Flare step through and step up the stairs.

Grays push to step up. Gray push to step down.

Flare steps against wall and Guile leads.

Flare things to Guile. >

Guile feels flare and the hives thought into his mind like a distant shout from the bottom of the void. Guile sees the gray's pass and step before. He watches the people stare. He smells the scents of sweat covered by perfume.

Flare feel the thought to Guile echo and echo. Her pause stalls the she steps against the wall up and up and up.

the grays enter and leave the spiral stair case that goes up and down. 

Flare leads Guile along the base floor and to the serivce spiral stiars walks with Ritten. 

Other grays walk to other other pillars and enter to walk other stairs.

Warriors sweaty and armored would in the cneter of groups of hugoblins and other beings wearing silk and collored wool.

People clean and smelling like flowers sneer at Guile and Flare as the pass.

Flare leads Guile up the stairs. They walk up and behind a few gnomes hobbling up and up.

Flare steps past the gnomes. She sees a show to Guile's mind. >YOu will listen and follow me if you want to live.<

Guile thinks, <I do my job. YOu tell me to find the mystic and mind readers. I find five. I know their trace. I will find their beings with time.>

Flare steps. >It was careless. It was psychotic. YOu will not last if you continue to act with ignorance.<

Guile sniffs as snort, clears throat and spits on stair. <Told to find. Found. Not caught.>

>The people of the city and of this building are more powerful than those of the mountain world or the those in Lyno,< sees Flare. >|With the help of the hivemind, I am protected.<

Guile snorts. <Hive mind helps you see to me if I want.> Guile spits snot from mouth. 

The fumes of smoke and sweat spreads through the stairs.

Grays run up past Flare and Guile. They carrie boxes as big above heads. 

Flare steps from the stairs through door way and hall. 

The hall spans to darkness. Golden hued globes float at the corners. Boxes and bags are stacked along sides. Dark brown and black pain cover the walls. 

Grays sit and sleep on boxes. They stand on floor. They eat and smoke. A few jump to feet and run through entry ways.

Flare grabs Guile and pulls.

Guile tries to pull away, but stumbles between a stack of boxes. 

Flare pulls Guile's Heart Dagger from sheath. ,,We are entering warriors waiting. It is where were will begin work. It is one of our work areas. It is the location where warriors wait to fight.'' She raises tip of dagger near Guile's chin. ''Keep you mind to yourself.'' She pushes him against the wall. ''Do not think beyond your mind.'' She stairs.

Guile snirts and laughs. Lughts becomes a cough as Guile coughs on Flare's faces.

Flare steps away. ,,Follow me. Think with your mind and the hive may let me see.'' She slide Heart Dagger between the folds of her gray suit.

Flare steps along the hall.

Stacked boxes and sacks rise from floor to ceiling along the hall wall. Grays glance and stare. A few snore. 

Flare steps through doorway four doors wide. 

Wide hall spans to an illuminated hall the leads to bright light.  White light shines away the shadows and shines through the glass walls. Blurr shilouettes move and shift into rooms.

A line of gray suits carry buckets from room and along hall. Darks stains cover cuffs and hands. Mops hang over shoulders as the step along. hall.

Guile look into rooms as he follows Flare.

Open doors show large rooms. In one room, gray suits hang wet white towels pulled from basin. In another room, grays scrups blood covered buckets and swueeze blood so
aked mops into drains. In yet another room, a large room, glass push carts are emptied and filled with jars and cans of poweders and liquids.

A elf push a cart with jars of powers on top and jars of liquid on bottm. The cart rolls before Flare.

Flare nods and steps along side the cart. 

Guile stumbles to follow.

Flare sees, >Clear your mind.<

Guile thins, <Don't see to me.>

>I see to your mind with or without the hive.<

Guile feels the through and sees through a vibration that scatters Guile's mind to mistep and stares for a second. Guile sees through to Flare, >And I see your mind.< Guile sees a small void that contract and shakes with the vibration of the hive. He think through to Flare and thinks only for Flare. <|And I can think only for you beyond that hive.>

Guile looks at Flare.

Flare looks at Guile.

Who do you think is the special person in these rooms.>

Flare sees, >YOu may see better than me, but I am with the hive, and the hive see better than you.<

Guile shakes the small dark sphere of though vibrating with the hum of the hive connection. Guile sees that small dark sphere of thought through the sound and into Flare's mind as they walk along the wide glass halls and wide glass rooms. He sees, >The hive doesn't see this thought. Only you see this thought.<

Flare sees >The hive seen it through me.<

Guile pulls the vibrating dark sphere of thought and pulls it into his mind and thinks, <I can think only for you.>

Flare sees, >The have sees your thoughts from me.<

Guile sees, >Translation. You don't transfer.<  He looks onto the large rooms through double glass doors.

The wide glass hall as glass double doors many strides apart as the light shines one.

Theough the double galls doors and the glass wall are rooms boxes and space for people to load boxes on carts; one is full of folded white, red, purple, green cloth stacke from floor to ceiling adn along the wall (a few gray robes walkout holding folded piles of clot); one room is stacke with gray steel barrels; One room is full of wooden barrels.

Light glows through the hall.

Gray swalk here and there.

Guile thinks only for Flare. <Where we go?>

Flare is looking at the light and watching a big gray, a human with muscles pushing the gray suit arund mounds and bends.

The human sneers at Flare then puckers lips to kiss the air. The human whips head and throws hair over shoulder for the shout. ,,You sleep light and dream of me bein in you.''

Flare shouts. ,,I sleep deep knowing if you rape me that I won't feel a thing.''

The gray steps at Flare.

A few grays around the big human push back and click and clack.

Flare clicks. ,,(Go Rub Dick)''

Guile peers at the human..

the human opens mouth and sticks out wiggling tongue.

Guile says, ,,Who is that?''

,,A gray,'' says Flare. She grabs a roll in her robe and walks along the hall.

Guile steps and looks back. ,,What is our job?''

Flare grins. Her flat white teeth gleem with the bright light. 

Light shines on gray suits walking past. Brown and red stains shine aginst the gray. Dark wrings of sweat circle.

Flare holds a gray suit fold on hip. ,,WE walk above the dome and the pit. We will be cleaning Warriors Waiting, the dome and pit and the bleechers.''

A group of gray suits stand in a semi circle before before a glass wall. They ground stands and stares at the wall. They hold stacks of cloths and bucket palaes.

Guile peers and sses, two sliding doors before the grays standing in a semicircle. He sees focuses upon the vibrating sphere of dark thought and poushes the dark though through the hum from the hive coming from Flare's mind. 

The dark thought enters Flare's mind and shouts. 

A mental shouts spans through the grays staring at the wall. 

Mummer of surface talk, clicking and clackoing and a few sounds of elvish shout through Flare to Guile.

Flare punches Guile's chin.

Guile stumps as the sphere of dark thought shines to light. He hits a gray holding a bucket.

Falre says loud as she grabs Guile and slams hims against the wall. ,,What's your steop underling.'' She looks at the halfling and clicks and clacks.

The halfling nods at Flare and sneers at Guile.

Flares feels a thought like a breeze blow through mind.

Guile stands and wipes blood from lip. He smiles, sees to Flare's mind. >You feel anything echo back? A rub or a cut?< He stands next to Flare.

Flare feels a a cut through though. The smell of sweat become a smell of roses to Flare. Her skin chills and body shivers.

A vibrating thought of darkness spreads like cutting through her sight.

Flare can't see. 

Darkness consumes Flare.

She binks and reaches for Guile.

Flare can't feel.

Guile next to Flare sees her stare and grabs her and to squeeze as he follows the buzz of the hive. He thinks through the hum of the hive through the hive to Flare's mind. He sees the wall open.

The wall opens before the stand grays.

grays stand beyond the sliding glass wall. 

A few hold empty buckets and steps through the grays standing in hall.

A few past by Giule as he stands.

Guile sees through the hive to Flare into a void. Into the voice he shows the sight through his eyes to her and flows through the feeling to Flare.

Flare feels stick sweat. She smells musk and piss fuming around nose. She see her self standing. She blinds. She stares at the grays.

Grays was from a wide box room through the standing grays.

Guile says, ,,How long do we work?'' Guile feels his body as Flare feels heres. He feels his muscles in ankle cramp. He yawns and lowers eyes.

Flare blinks and swallows. She looks along hall.,,

Along hall grays walk with shoulders slumped. A few hold bucket. 

One gray runs toward Flare with a stack of cloth.

Flare says, ,,We work three locations.'' She thinkgs, <What have you done with my mind?>

>Hive closed mind from attack,< sees Guile. 

The grays steps and jostle into the big box.

Fare steps, ,,We work to clean after the warriors.'' She feels the dagger hilt under gray suit, sees to Guile, >We are put into a pool of workers and divided into three groups. The three groups will work the three areas. The three areas are Warriors Waiting, the dome and the pit, the tunnels from and between the two.'' Flares steps into to the large glass cube.

Guile stesp to her side.

The grays press around.

Guile sees to Flare. ,,How do we know where to work.'' Guile sees to Flare. >There is an arcane spell caster in the room.<

Flare looks around room. ,,YikTORitSuLe has nine managers who pick from the collective of workers at the beginning of each shift. The manager will select or be given you. You will work the manager's area for the work shift. You work two shifts. You may work two of the three areas.''  She sees to Guile. >who is the spell caster.<

Guile stands and shuffles, presses against Flare. >One of the many.<

Glass doors slide closed.

A few gray robes setf rom the doors path and stand in the hall.

Through the glass walls, Guile sees the walls rise as the glass platform lowers. The lift lowrs past shilouettes standing near another sliding door; shilouttes walking the halls.

The walls then become dark as shadows.

Then the platform lowers into the shadows.

Darkness covers. Like a shadow wall, they can't see beyond.

Guile yawns. His mind feels calm near sleep as he closes his eyes to rest...

Bright light shines!

The grays stare and stands. They hold their barrels, buckets and folds of cloth.

Guile's body feels to frump. He kneels to sit.

Flare puts a hand on Guile's should. >We are near.<

Guile smells salty fumes of...

,,What's the smell?'' Guile stiffs.

The lift lowers, stops.

The walls are white. Smears of red streak along the walls in a white walled area.

Flare says, ,,It is blood.'' Flare sees, >You follow me.<

Two walls slide open.

White light shines through a two step wide a hall. Gray suite standed with blood and sweat walk along hall. Blood foot prints. Four grays mop floor.

White light shines to a black wall.

Flare steps and follows the gray from the box.

Guild sniffs and follows.

Sweat and piss fumes wiff and swirl then spread through the hall.

Flare walks into the darkness.

The darkness is cold and covering.

Whispers mumble beyond thoguhts.

White lights shines over dark smears and swirls of red over the floor.

A wall three steps before spans wax and wane.

>Where?< sees Giule to Flare's minds.

>You think to self,< sees Flare to Guile's mind. >|We see your mind.<

Guile feels a shock sting thoughts then body. He feels the vibration tune of the hive mind thought connecting Flare. He thinks to self. <I see the other.>

Three grays mop floor and one lifts a bucke and walks pat Flare and Guile.

Grays walk into the dark and along the hall.

>YOu find.< says Flare. She steps along hall around a group of scrubbing . >Without me.

<Where are we?> thinks Guile.

Flare says loud. She peers around.

,,We are under the dome. Above are the dome and the bit, the bleechers and all the halls and stands,'' says Flare.,,Why walk stairs up then down?'' says Guile.

Flare says, ,,We walk the path to show you the area.'' Flare steps and sees >We don't have to walk through as many shadow walls to arrive from above. If we come from below we walkthrough more shadowed walls.  This is the path I have found to be free of those walls.<

Guile follows Guile and thinks for only Flare. >Why shadow alls?<

Flare steps into a shadow wall. Guile follows.

Dark and cold and whispes sine away with a golden hue.

Four hugoblins stand in armor  before the end of the hall before a hole in the ground. Each guard wears purple leather pants and long sleeved jackets. Yellow chain mail hangs over chest and below wasys. Black cuts and faded colors spreads through creases and sponts around knees. The chains dangle with a slight sway as the guards stands. 

<Guards?> thinks Guile.

The guards hold short swords hilts held in scabbards. They hold steel glass shields.

Behind the guards, is a square hole four steps square and glass wall.

>Yes,< sees Flare. >There is a platform that will rise and lower. When the platform lowers will will use it to enter the Warriors wating ares. Below the warriors waiting area is the VIP area. The important area. The important area is walked for the owners and favored warriors. It helps owners and highstakes gamblers to meet the warriors. It allows the celebrated warriors a quick and safe entracne to their next fight. Above...We will use stairs to go above. The service stairs lead from this level to the bleechers.<

A platform rises.

Gray sheets stand on platform and stare fowards. Darks stains spread over body suits. Gray bags hang over shouldrs. Eyes stare half open.

The platform stops.

Guile sniffs. He clears his mind and feels the stream of though fowing thorugh the hives vibration. A dark sphere of thought is created. 

The dark sphere of thought vibrates with the hum of the hive's connection to Guile's mind.

Guile pushes the spher through the hive mind's connection. 

The dark sphere spreads with light.

Guile loses eyes.

Flare stands still and stares. 

All but two gray sheets walks by Guile and Flare into the dark.

Guile yawns.

The plat form rises.

Guile streches and opens his eyes. He says, ,,Spear your shawman.'' He clears throat, wipes sweat from forehead. ''Lie about that.''

Flare looks at Guile. She stares.

Guile stares.

Then Flare stares past the soldiers. She says, ,,Spear is why I volunteered for this job.''

Guile rubs nose, ,,You become hived.'' He smirks and snorts.

Flare says, ,,I was given the given of learning for helping bring you and you companions into the city for Senator Ring.'' 

,,Why?'' says Guile.

Three grays step from the wall of darkness and stands behind Flare and Guile.

Guile looks back. He thinks to self. <Why?>

Flare sees, >Only Senator Ring knows the entire reason why.<

,,Beware hive mind,'' says Guile.

The platform lowers from the hole above.

Two gray suits and three guards stand on platform

The platform  stops.

Flare steps on to the platform. Guile follows.

The plateform lowers. It lowers through a wall of darknes then into light.

Glass wall is before Guile with a whill of darkenss behind. Four gurads stands by the wall of darkness.Flare steps into the wall of darkenss.

Guile follows. He says, ,,Kill Spear. Never seen sad. Seen Spear.''

Flare sees, >You stop the talking for grays are seen and not heard. We do not talk unless ordered to talk.<

Guile laughs a snort, steps into the wall of darkness.

They feel the cold and a hollow moan.

Light shines and humid smoke floats with sweat and blood fumes.

A hall fives steps long intersects with another hall.

A group of guards wearing green leather and black chain mail march past around a hill giants.

The hill giant dressed in deerskins and holding a club lumbers past. Manicals hang from wrists and ankles.

Gulie thinks for Flare. <Spear shaman. You broke him. And you killed me. Where are they?>

Flares steps and follows the hill giants and the guards. She sees. >Spear has power, and it is that power you will help control. All your friends have power. If they live and you live then you may be with them again.

<Minst,> thinks Guile. <I want Minst. I want to see Minst.>

Flare leads Guile and follows the hill giant and soldiers through another wall of darkness into a large. She gribs the hilt of hert dagger wrapped in folds of the baggy gray body suit, like a sake, over her tall body. Flare feels the tap of of the hive like silk running over her skin. The sensations creates a sphere with a hole  spinning to a distant force holding the circle roun here.

Flare feels a funnel twists and span to Guile's mind. To her and the hive, Guile's mind feels to be warm and muggy. The funnel of thought spreams and spreads around the humid lang. It creates mist the spreads and becomes steam. The steam of thoguht spread thorugh Guile's mind.

Guile feels this steam as a vibration for Guile's mind feels and sees different than the hive and Flare's mind. Guile feels the steam as a vibration that shakes through his open space of all thought.

Guile's thought takes the vibration funnel of thought streaming from his mind to Flare's mind with the focus of the hive and creates a unique black thought. Guile thinks into that thought a thought for Flare and taps the strain he feels as vibrating string around a sphere of dark thought.

Guile thinks inside the dark thoguht around the vibrating hive mind and Flare. <Where we walk?> He yawns.

Flare sees in mind and sends the thought with the connection of the hive to guile's mind in to the vapor of thought. >We walk toward Warriors Waiting. We go to the gray room to find our orders and work.<

A wall of darkness spans the end of the golden lite hall.

The guards around the chained hill giant step into the wall of darkness.

Flare sees, >We will be given our assignment for the shift by the shift manager, who will be one of the nine manager managed by YikTORitSuLe. We will work together as I will be your mentor. Me being your mentor will allow you to work with me until you understand your job.<

Flare stops the thought and spans the mental fumes as she steps into the black.

Flare and Guile feel cool dark and hear mummbles. 

Guile feels a force touch hand and ear.

Bright golden light shinds. 

Sweat fumes flow with wiffs and hits of cinimon and sage. Graons and clicks and clack hit and play with grumbling talk and laught. ,,I AM THE ONE!'' si shouted. Scrapes of metal clash with bangs of steel.

A hall spans about twenty steps to an openeng. Two skinny halls span from the hall before the opening. A few grays stand near the wall of darkenss and mop.

The guards around the hill giant pull on the chains and walk along the wall. The guards push a path away.

Flare sees to Guile, >YikTORitSuLe's managers will only assign us work. I as your mentor will be reponsible for actions and knowlegde. You being found breaking the rules will give me punishment.< Flare's thought flows to a tiggling buzz in Guile's mind.

Guile wants to itch the tickle, but yawns and follows Flare along the hall.

Flare leads Guile to and through a small skinny hall.

A few human gray suits bump shoulders with Flare and Guile as the walk from the hall toward the Warriors Waiting.

From the hall opens a room with chairs, tables and cots and glass desk. A gnome gray suite lays on the clot and holds is bandaged head. 

Two elf gray suits sit on chairs and stare.

A hugoblins as big as Spear sits as stares at a piece of parchment. His huge hand hold one end while finger traces over the parchment surface. 

Flare clicks and clacks and smiles

The huglbins behind the desk clicks and clacks and stands. He smiles. 

Flare steps, and both grab hands and shake.

They click and clack to fast to Guile to understand.

Flare snaps the tongue and smiles. She poinst to guile and says with the Surface Talk. Flare says slow, ,,Hk Olik KA Ykik.'' The says normal. ''I present you Guile. I will be Guile's mentor.'' 

HkOlikKAYkik holds hand before Guile. ,,GUILE! I am HkOlikKAYkik.''   Guile looks at the hand, sniffs and limply grabs the hand. ,,Guile.'' 

HkOlikKAYkik squeezes and shakes Guile's hand. ,,Guile. This time I am managing the work of Warriors Waiting. I will be helping with the actually work once all you later arrives have their work positions. '' He looks at Guile from head to toe to head. ''I hope you work harder than you look.'' He smiles and grabs Guile's shoulder. ''No matter for we will make a worker out of you yet!'' He releases hand and look at Spear. ''WE need you gathering the to towel and delivering them to cleaning.'

Flare nods head.

Guile looks at Flare.

Flare says, she smirks. ,,Then we will get towels.'' She steps from the desk toward the narrow hall.

Guile steps and glances at HkOlikKAYkik. He nods and sniffs. He steps after Flare.

HkOlikKAYkik says loud, ,,I will be here Guile if you need help with your work.'' He chuckles and swatch hand.

A gray with a blood face steps past Guile.

Flare walks to a glass bin in the corrner and pulls out two cloth bundles. She toses one to Guile.

Guile tries to catch the cloth, but it drops.

Guile stares, but walks after Flare.

Flare leads from the skinny hall to the large hall to the entrance of warriors waiting.

Warrior waiting spans a long sprint to each of its four square corners. Glass walls support narrow steel lockers a hand taller than guile. Seperating the lockers and walls are four halls in the wall's center. A row of benchens that follow the steel lockers and stop with the halls  create a walk way between  a hip high glass wall. 

The hip-high glass wall spands all four sides of the room and encompasses tables, elevated beds covered with sheets lay in grid around a center pool of steaming liguid.

Orc, orgrs, humans, elves, hugoblins sits, stand and lay around Warriors waiting. They sleep in the tub in the middle. They lay on bed as grays clean and stitch their wounds. They sit on benches and remove cloths to put in locker. The sit and ajdust armor.


Stains of blood and walk around the room.

Grays mop the blood, dress the warriors and clean their bodys. 

Guile sneezes. 

A few warriors glance at Guile. Many gray's stare.

Flare waves and sees to Guile's mind. >You will want to learn to control you body fuilds. Grays are not to be heard. If they could they would prefer you not be seen. It's pretty easy job. It is usually what we will do at the beginning of the shift. They like the clean grays working this work. Once you get a little blood on you, then we are sent to work the dome and the pit where we will mop and clean the blood between matches.<

Guile follows Flare between the benches and short wall. >Work in bleechers after.<

>We will work the bleechers after fights of the light have been fought. Grays that work the bleechers during the fights are selected by the owners. After the fights, everyone not cleaning warriors, the dome and pit walk the stands and pick up trash.< Flare says.

Flare walks to a glass bin.
 
Fumes of sweat, shit, piss and blood wafe and billow.

Guile gags and coughs.

The clicking and shouts of warriors quiet to watch Guile cough and hit another gray.

The gray stumbles and falls at the foot of a human warror dressing in silver sequined armor. 

Flare grabs Guile, sees, >Control yourself, Guile.< She pulls guile aagainst the half tall wall near the bin.

Guile breathes and looks at the bin.

The bin is full of red, brown stained cloths

Flare opens bag; stuffs towels into bag; sees. >We work Guile. We take the towels from the bins. We feel the bag. We take the bags to the bag shoot. We drop them down the shoot to be cleaned. We come back here until all the towels are gone. Then we walk to each station and see where towels need to be stacked. We get a count. We go to the storage above and get more towls. If we are stained with bloeed, we clean.<

Guile watches Flare stuff the bag then look around.

Grays scrub benches. Grays mob floors. Grays help warrors lock armor peices.

Warriors sit and bleed. They talk and flex muscles. A woman wearing black elven chain mail like Minst strides from the room and down the hall.

,,Guile,'' says Flare.

Guile sniffs and watches the woman with elven chain mail leave.

''Guile,'' says Flare as she stares.

Guile looks at Flare.

''Work,'' says Flare as she pulls tight the top of the bag. She points to two glass boxes with stained white towls piled on top.

Guile walks to the bin with towel. 

Fumes of sweat like piss, rot and decay fume from towels.

Guile stomach convulses. Bile flows in mouth. He swallows then grabs towel and pukes into the towel.

An orc laying on a glass bed while a gray suit cleans a cut on leg. The orc throws a towel on guile's head.

Guile pukes into a pile of towels.

A few warriors laugh. 

>You must gather the towels, Guile,< sees Flare. 

Guile feels the hive vibration flow through body and shake away the feeling of falling from pain. He wipes face and put towels in bag.

They work. Guile stuffs two box fulls of towels. Flare stuff four bags of towels. She walks silent while Guile sneezes and mouth breathes.

The orc snorts snot as Guile walks to Flare.

Flare sees to Guile. >Guile, do not enter its mind.<

Guile wipes bag over face smearing orc snot. 

A human warrior wearing read paint on face laughs as he leans back on chair, looks into mirror and smear red paint with fingers over face.

Guile walks to Flare.

Flare says, ,,You need to put more towels in yor bag.''

,,Get paid by the amount and bag,'' mouth breath guiles. <My work is to read minds and find things.>

,,You get paid by towel,'' says Flare. >We must work to keep the grays happy. We need to work hard to go unnoticed.<

Guile sniffs. ,,Can't fit more.'' 

Flare tosses her bag at Guile's feet and grabs Guile's bag. >You fill until can't fit more.< She walks from the tables and pool of water and to a glass box with towels piled from top. 

Guile throws the bag over shoulder and follows flare mouth breathing. He drags bag to Flare, throws over shoulder.

A human beast with breast like melons and a stomack like a pillow slaps Guile's body. He naked body slaps fat.

Guile falls the gound. 

Fat chinned face blabs laughs spit on Guile's face with click and clacks as lips then flap. ..MOVE GRAAAAY.''

Warriors stare and one claps.

Guile rolls on back. He hears the laugh of the orc laying on the the table. He repeats the laugh in mind as he rolls to side. 

The orc laughter raises through the talk and the chatter and clatter of the warirors and their weapons.

Guile's mind repeats the sounds and creates a thought strand as that laugh that only the orc hears. 

A thought connection is made as a laugh. 

Guile follows the laugh through body to the muscles shaking on throat. He grabs the sucles and pulls

The orcs stops lauging.

Flare lifts Guile from the ground. She says, ,,You must watch the warriors pass for they will not watch you.''

The fat naked human woman rubs stomach and jiggles with peer at Guile as she walks away. 

Guild grabs his back and pulls on the thought cord.

The orc falls from teh table with a thump. A few warrrios lift heads and laugh.

Guile inhales and exhales away the laughter.

Flare wraps the top of the full towelg. ,,We go. We get more towels. We bring more towels.''

Guile shrugs shoulders and nods head back. His head sways and wanders and feels to float light. His eyes flicker to a near close as he steps to follow flare.

Flare lead them from the Warriors waiting down a hall then down a skinny hall to a room three steps wide. 

Two soldiers stand at the sides of room. A black robed being stands between near a hole and glass pole.

Flare walks to the hole and the black robe. She unties the sack top and dumps the rags into the the hole. She stands. 

A red light shines on top of the glass pole.

Flare pulls her cube from pocket. She holde the cube over glass pole then steps behind Guile. ,,You need to throw the laundry down the laundry shoot and hold your cube over the pole afte rthe light shines. 

Guile sniffs. ,,No cube.''

Flare smiles. ,,I have mine.''

,,Pay back,'' says Guile. 

,,Remember your cube tomorow,' says Flare as she hold her hadn over the glass tube and steps from the room.

Guile askses, ,,How much?''

,,We get one credite for every ten towels.'' Flare stesp from room and along hall. ''And one credit is a bout one Lyne copper piece.'' Flare looks back. ''It's enough to pay for room and food with some left over to loose on sex or whiskey.'' Flare smiles. 

Guile sniffs. ,,Time youw ork here?''

Flare sees, >Many light cycles.< She leads to the warriors waiting stepping back a few grays carrying bloody buckets. 

Guile pumps shoulder of a gnome carrying a bucket.

The bucket sloshses and spills over the floor. 

Guile steps away and quicks steps to walk by Flare. >Why?<

Flare says, >Because Senator Ring has a plan.<

Guile sniffs and follows Flare to a box full of towels. 

>The plan,< sees Guile standing near Flare.

Flare looks back. >If you work. If you find those who will harm our warriors, you may be told.<

Guile looks to tground walks to a box thinking. <You don't know.>

Flare sees, >I know what I need to know. I know I need to work.< Flare sights.

They work. They fill bags. They dump bags. The fill more bags.

Guile thinks for Flare while dripping sweat and carrying the bags of towlels to dump. <Is Spear your Shaman?>

Flare reads the thought htought the strand of the thought connection from her to Guile through the Hivemind thinking. She hears the thought and passes the thought to the hive.

Flare grabs towels and stuff towels into pack.

The work. They fill bags. The dump bags. They fill more bags.

Warriors enter Warrrios waiting shinny and clean with roars and shouts. They walk armed along a hall that spans to guards and bright light.

Warriors return from the hall and to Warriors waiting cut and broken with moans and mummbles. They lay on bed or sit on benches to stare and bleed on floor.

Towels are piled. Mops and pulled. Blood and sweat stains spread over Guile and Flare's gray suits.

Flare and Guile  work though many cycles of warriors entering and leaving until HkOlikKAYkik steps to flare.

HkOlikKAYkik points to a gray suit standing near the hall where warriors.

The gay suits stands with a glass rod in hand and eyes peering at Guile.

Flare looks at HkOlikKAYkik. Flare nods and sees to Guile. >We have shift change.< She throws bag over shoulder.

Guile looks-up, wipes face with foreamr and pushes away thin whisps of hair. He pulls his bag toward Flare. He nudges one of two gray suits setting folded white towels on locker shelves.Flare steps to the gray suit with the glass rod.

The gray suit with glass rod waves hand toward the hall.

The gray suit walks along the hall that funnelds to a threes step wide passage way by two guards in purple and yellow and a circular hole the rises and descends to walls of darkness.

Guile follows many stesp behind Flare and the talk human gray suit.

The human gray suit walks with hunched and breasts hung. Her narrow body strides twice the step of the Guile. Brainds of brunette hair are wrapped in knots.

They walk to the guards.

They stand at the edge.

Guile feels the step weaken the legs as he steps by two gray suits mopping floors.

Flare and the tall human gray suit look forward.

Flare looks to the guards and the human. She sees to Guile. >We stand with JikKlokUikYk. She is one of HkOlikKAYkik managers. We will be working to clean the pits.<

Guile sees to Flare, >Is Spear your Shaman?<

Flare sees. >We work.<

Guiles steps to Flare and smiles.

Flare glances a glare then looks foward.

A platform lowers from the darkness wall to the dim light illuninating and stop before them.

Crusted blood smears over top.

JikKlokUikYk points glass rod to the space and to two buckets and mops near wall.

Flare grabs a mop and says, ,,Guile, we will be cleaning this platform of blood between the fights. Every few fights we will clean the walls. When there is no platform you will follow me to clean the mops and get new buckets water.''

Guile grabs a mop and knocks the other over. ,,Get paid?''

Flare grabs the mop and pulls both buckets. ,,We get paid by the blood.'' She see to Guile. >The glass rod sense the amount of blood.<

Guile steps onto the platform and puts the mop in bucket. He sees only for flare. Guile sees the vibration of the hiave and shakes throught the thought. <There is a lot of magic here>

Flare reads teh thought of Guile's mind with her own strand thorugh the hive. She sees, >There is a lot of simple magic here. It is I am told found in the langauge of the forgotten tongue. It is in the glasse and the light that shines above other have told.<
 
Guile connects to Flare's thoguths and pulls a thought stream from Flare to his mind from the give. Guile sees to Flare, >What do you think counts the blood?<

Flare's thought span is felt by Flare. She lets Guile guide the stream away form the hive and create a space of here thoughts. She see through the stream. >I think it is a lie. That that is just a glass rod.<

Guile yawns.

Flare yawns.

Guile slops mop around spreading the dried blood. He sees, >Spear your shawman?<

Flare squeeses blood water from mop to bucket. >|Spear is...< She grabs Guile's shoulder and shakes and points to the mop, says, ,,You spread blood not clean.'' She grabs Guile's shoulder. ''You watch me.''

Guile stops the swirl of blood water.

Flare slaps the mop to the floor and soak up the blood water. She lifts the mop and squeeses it into one bucket. The slpas the mop to ground and soaks up more bloode water. ,,You splashe with water. You soak up the water with the mop head. You squeeze the blood water inot the bucket. You do it fast. Their fights are quick.''

Guile follows Flare's talk.

They mop quick.

They step from a clean platform.

As the platform begins to rise, Guile stesp from the platform to Flare's side.

Flare steps along hall saying to warriors waiting saying, ,,We get water quick. We take two buckets. We clean.'' She goes silent as they walk near, through and from warriors waitng.

They walk sideways along a skinny all from another hall. The walk to a room five steps square.

A hooded white robe being stand by a hole rimed with crusted blood.

The hole circles center of room.

Flare dumps one bucket then grabs Guile's and dump his back. She holds the glass cube on palm and raises palm before the white robed being.

The white robed being waves a glass from over small cube.

Flare sees to Guile. >|We will use your cube tomorrow and remember to bring it. Finding a place to hide the cube and anything you care about needs to be a focus.< Flare sees the thoughts and feels a throbe pulse through her head.

Guile feels the thought adn the throb and follows Flare.

The hall leads to the wide hall, and Flare walks with one bucket across and mop across the wide hall to a narrow hall and another five step wide room.

The five foot wide room has a white robed being and two piles hanging fromthe walls. On the pipe is a wheel. The wheel is by the white robed being.

Guile puts bucket on ground.

Flare pointst to both buckets and holds out the square cube.

The white robed being waves a glass rod over the cube. 

Flare grabs on bucket.

The white robe being turns the wheel on pipe.

The wheel squeaks.

Water poors from pipe into one bucket.

The white rope being turns the squeaky wheel.

Flare moves on full bucket for an empty bucket.

Guile sees, >We pay for water?<

The wheel squeaks and water falls. 

Flare sees, >Water is the base for the value system in this city. Its export and import is the most controlled substance. Be close to the water for it is the water that will cause you to work for the grays for ever?< As the last sight leaves head, a throb flows along Flare's spine.

<Why remain?> thinks Guile along the thought stream between only flare and he. 

Flare feels the pulse of Guile's thought. >Senator Ring provide what I seek most of all.<

>Spear?< sees Guile as he sends the thought along with a feeling of laughter. >Or read minds. Or both. But you can't have it all. Need to decide. Pain comes from a weak mind.< Guile release the stream connection sending a sore tired through body to Flare.

The water wheel squeaks and drips drip from tube.

Flare lowers head and catches a few drops on mouth. She sees with a throb of pain through skull. She finds only the stream of the hive mind to Guiles. She sees with a slight ping of pain like a thump on back of head. >I seek a path to survive.< She grabs a bucket and poinsts, says, ,,YOu don't spill or you pay.'' She walks from room.

Guile follows holding the bucket in on heand and the mop in the other. His free and light feeling head begins to ache.


The ache feels to Spread to Flare.

Flare and Guile stands by the hole with mop and bucket.

The two guaurs stands. One bangs short sword against sword and click and clack.

Flares say, ,,You stands agiasnt the wall and let the warriors pass.''

Guile stands agiasnt the wall. 

The platfor lowers. 

Minotaurs rests on one kneed and holds an ankle that bleeds. 

Blood flows voer the platform.

A thin efl whereing a red vets, purpole pants and white shirt runs along the hall. ,,Red. Red...'' The voice whimpers until the person meets the minotaurs.

The minotuar raises to  stands, ducks horns into hall and walks along.

Blood drips and flows from a leg. The blood spreads over the platform and the hall.

Flare dips the mop into bucket and mops.

Guile follows.

The platform rises, lowers and holds. 

Warriors walk to the platform clean and flexing, muscles taught and stare through the peopl elike the glass wall. The walk with mirth and focuse.

And the platform rises.

Flare and Guile clean.

The platform lowers.

The warriors step limp, crawl and walk leaving trails of blood. or warriors lay dead and decend into a wall of darknes.

Flare and Guile clean. Flare leads Guile to and from the bucket dump and water get. Flare and Guile remain silent not want to to stream thought and flare the throb through their minds.

They mop until Guile's arms are sore and back feels to break. 

Guile's sweaty palms slip from mop, and Guile stumbles to ground.

AS he stands, JikKlokUikYk strikes along the hall with glass rod in hand. His body hits and shakes his throbing head.

JikKlokUikYk click and clacks.

Flare laughs. She says, ,,JikKlokUikYk says you should collect your sweat Guile and you sell it.''

Guile sniffes and wipes forehead. He feels blood smear over face. 

Blood stains cuffs roun feed and gray shoes. 

JikKlokUikYk waves at the buckets and mops. She points along the hall and the bloody foot prints of Guile.

Two grays, a dwarf and human, walk the hall with bucket and mop. One staps mid way and slaps the wet mop to Guile's foot prints.

JikKlokUikYk points glass rod to Guile's feet then waves both along the hall.

Flare grabs bucket and follows. 

Guile mouth breathes, sweats and steps with Flare. His feet leave blood foot prints.

,,You need to learn to mop. Other grays with begin to hate you for the work you leave them,'' says Flare. She sees with a throb and pain pulse through her head and along her spine. >Guile, you will learn to work, and you need to learn to do it write if you want to forgot.<

They walk behind JikKlokUikYk through warriors waiting

Guile's bucket sways, and blood water splashes.

A gray peers at Guile.

Flare sees. >|Our job is to find and protect our warriors. Our work will make our job easier. You don't want to upset the grays. A few people will complain about cleaning up after the newbie. Those thoughts will go away. Many peopl ewill complain about the worker who always leaves a mess.< The though flows from Flare to the Hivemind to Guile. Flare's head throbs

JikKlokUikYk stands by the narrow halls from water and waste.

Flare adn Guile empty thier buckets. Flare give Gile a white sheet. ,,Wipe your feet.''

Guile wipes his feet then wipes the glass ground hwere he sat.

A few warriors pass and two grays grab their buckets and walk the narrow hall to get water.

JikKlokUikYk lead throough wall of darkness, up a riseing platform to the service level between the warriors waiting the bleechers above.

They walk through halls and along halls.

Grays walk carts of towls and puckes along the wide halls. Hall was span to spiral stairs going up.

They walk up the spiral stairs into an room with one vertical tall wall and one slanted wall with slats like inverted ascending stair cases going up to a ceiling one would need to fly to touchs.

Pieces of paper and root peels fall and twirl from above toe the ground.

Root peels, stained cloths, peices of molded meat, pits of broken glass and a shoe here and there pile over the floor. Smells of musk and rot fume as the kick through the trash. 

Guile looks up.

Flashes of feet kick for the glass bleechers above. A wooden cup falls and hits near Guile and JikKlokUikYk.

JikKlokUikYk points to the three grays scooping and dumping trash into a tall glass cylinder. She click and clacks and points glass rod to a stout halfing with chubby cheeks.

Flare smiles, nods and wades to the trash to the halfing. ,,We work with Gril. She's got the bleecher duty.''

A wip of rotten meat fumes.

Guile gags. Salvia pools and seeps between lips as he tries to hold his chest from convulsions. He pukes.
Puke spreads over paper and shells of nuts.

Flare walks from Guile. ,,YOu're going to clean that up.''

Laughter follows forth from the hafling dumping a scoop into the glass can.  The laughter  follows the stout hafling to speak ,,Your friend won't be paid for their trash.'' It wades through the tash kicking melon peel from foot. The stout halflin with her child like nose wiggles. She nods head forward. ,,Hello, Guile.''

Guile spits bile from mouth.

Flare steps from Guile. ,,Guile. this is Gril. She's the hardest working gray there is.'' Flare looks at Grill. ''I think even YikTORitSuLe wants you as leader of the grays.'' Flare smiles much to wide for Guile to see it as only a smile.

Gril shakes head and says, ,,No. YikTORitSuLe is leader because he deserves the work. Oldest here.''

Flare only nods and looks at Guile and Gril.

Gril nods at Guile and glances at Flare, ,,YikTORitSuLe says this one moody.'' She peer at Guile. ''He work good.''

Flare nods. ,,He'll work.'' Flare smiles and slaps Gril on should. ''He'll work good after you work him.''

Gril smiles brown teeth. She peers at Guile through wrings. She pionts over the ground. ,,We pick up trash. We put it in bags.'' She stares at Guile and shakes bag. She steps to guile and open back.

Fumes of grain ale fume. 

Guile covers mouth.

Grill shakes the wood cubs. ,,Everything recyled here. More money for us.'' She poinst up. ''More money for the grays that sell.''

Flare nods and looks from Guile and Gril.

Grill points over to a barreld near entrance. ,,Bags in there.'' She nods at flare. ''Flare tell you what to do with the bag when full.'' She nods up. ''Watch for falling trash.'' She walks away. ''We tell you when then push the broom ver bleechers.'' She walk to three grays a stone throw from Flare and Guils. She says loud. ''Prove YikTORitSuLe wrong.''

Guile swallows and swallows. He smacks pile covered dry mouth. ,,Water.''

Flare looks at Guile and nods. ,,It's by the bucket. We'll drink then work. Then we will eat. WE have a breaks.''

Guile says, ,,A gray like a shawman's servant.''

Flare pushes, ,,Guile. What'd you say?''

Guile feels Flare's anger. An echo of emtional like yearning if felt. Guile's head throbs and he stumbles. He mumbles. ,,Hive, gray and following a showman.'' Guile sniffs. ''Druid too.'' His body sways.

Flare stares and grabs Guile's neck and presses thumb on throat. ,,No more talk from you.''

Gril laughs from a far. ,,I bet Guile wn't last a day if you ain't got a co-worker.''

Guile's head throbs and plops an echo through Flare's rage and thoughts.

Flare sees Spear, she feels Spear as he rage thumps her heart. She flicks her write and lets slip the dagger from wrist to slide to hand. ,,I am my own thoughts.''

Guile squirms and forces a the echo and emotion of Spear to become a ball of thoguht that is throught into Flare's mind.

Flare feels the feeling of Spear and the Hivemind and the Grays and the want to be away to overwhelm the anger with sorrow. She drops the dagger and lets had fall from Gule's throat.

Guile stumbles away. He feels Flares lust and rage for Spear.

Flare's  steps from Guile with thoughts of Spear appear, and her boxy tingles and steps with throb of head. Flare throws a bag at Guile. ,,Fill it with root peels.''She walks from Guile. ''We'll get water after we're done working.''

Guile squints away a rush and ebb of pain and body sways. He smiles, grabs back and picks-up peels of roots.

Flare grabs two sacks and gather and stuffs parchment wraps along the dirty, cluttered floor under the bleechers.

Wooden cups, popped corn, sausage links bits, intestine wraps, root skins, potatoe peels fall and flaot from the bleecherss above.

The bleechers above stop with feet and claps. Feet smake along the fogged glass seats and foot rests. Feet stop with ands and cheers.

The sounds and shouts echo hollow below and through as feet shuffle to and from seats. Buts and plams press against the seats. Hands and paws toss trahs betwen the seeats and the foot rests below. 

Shellf so peanuts fall and hit Guile's head.

Guile fills pack with root skins. Stains spread around writs and ankles. Parchment sticks to skin. Guile wips parchment free and glaces around at Gril and Flare.

Flare gathers parchment then cups. She packs in the pack and stacks them near the glass bag barrel and glass water barrel. Her head throbs and beats and she tries not to think of Spear and just work. She grabs trash, words and sweats. She stack white sack full of parchment wraps on one of six stacks of full white sacks.

Sacks the size of a warrior's chest stack in six pile along the wall. 

A few of the grays with Gril leave after Gril passes a glass rod over their cubes.

Trash hits Guile's head.

Guile wips and hits and kicks. He looks at an apple half ate resting on top of the trash. He grabs it, eats it.

Other grays glance at Guile as Guile stands and eats. 

Flare sneers and tosses a wooden cup at Guile. ,,You'll never work. You'll never live.'' 

Guile says loud between bites spitting bits of apple. ,,You always my shawman hive gray friend.''

Flare packs sack. She sses through the stream of the hive. She feels the skull throb. She feels a pop like a burst and the stream of thought span.

Then all she sees is the trash. All she smells is the barely rot of food and ale.

A rain of peanut shells fall as feet stop the bleechers.

They fill sacks with food wraps and food bits.

Guile eats bits fof bread and chucks of sausage bits dropped from a hand. He nibbles one dropped root. He works.

They work.

They work until the feet step away and don't return.

The food stop falling and the cheers stop roaring.

Flare stacks on more sack on the tall pile and shouts, ,,Guile.''

Guile drops the bread crust into sack. He sniffs and wipes face with shoulders. His hands, wrirsts, ankels, feel are sticky and slimy. They smell like rot, but Guile's nose no longer smells.

Flare smell the mint under her nose. She pulls another sack tie closed and toses it to the food wrrap stack. ,,Guile.''

Guile looks at the ground and sees a big muffin with only the top missing. He kneels and grabs the muffin with arms stretching sore arms.

Linke a moving water fall, trash begins to fall from the bleechers to teh floor as feet and broom mover acrros.

Guile bites on muffin, and Flare glances.

Gril grabs a stuffed sack. ,,You eat as much as you sack then maybe, just maybe you be something of a gray.''

Flare smirks and stares with Gril. She grabs a sack and fallows Gril. ,,Grab a bag Guile. We're not done yet.''

They lift sacks from the room along a all and push them down a shoot.

Guiles leg cramps, and he falls to flow and writhes in trash. Rotten root stick smears with kick. His thigh muscle feels to twist into a knot.

Flare grabs and hold guile and pulls his leg straight. ,,Push your leg out.''

Guile glences teeth and pulls leg straight, and the knot pulls loose. Guile falls limb.

Flare stands. She pulls a waterskin from hip. ,,Drink.''

,,You are a shawmen like Spear,'' say Guile. He spits a pice of ripped parchment from lip. He sits in trash.

Flare says, ,,Drink.''

Guile's ticky fingers twist the cap of waterskin. He looks at Flare as he drinks.

Flare tosses a bag and walks past to get last.

Guile swallows,  gasps, says, ,,You didn't give me water or food. Not a good gray.''

Flare walks grabs sack, lifts sack and tosses it down shoot.

Grill nods and waves wand over Flare's cube. Gril points the rod to Guile. ,,Guile, give me your square.''

Guile swallows and gasp. ,,Don't have it.''

Grill chuckles. ,,Free day' pay.''

,,Give to the gray shawman trust.'' Guile smirks and scratch his second chin.

,,Who,'' says Grill.

Guile stands and screw on cap. ,,Flare.''

,,Flariklequi?'' says Gril. Gril smiled black toothed smile.

Guile tosses watersink at Flare. ,,Her,'' says Guile.

The watersink flies away from Flare into the trash.

Flare hold cub on palm. She caste rage like a wave from her body.

The wave flows through Guile's body into mind. Guile directs the wave to pull his thought stream to Flare's mind. He shoves pain through stream behind wave.

Flare's mind throbs and pulses. She rubs temple. She hears Love's voice see to her. >You close your mind.< Flare stares at another bag of trash. She says lows.

Grill waves glass rod over the cube.

Flare clenches cube.

Guile's thought flows over the arau of Flare.. Guile sees throuogh Flare's eyes and smells the fumes of milk rot and stangy root. Guile blinks and stands, says, ,,Done working?''

Grill laughs. ,,WORK! it is our lives.'' He chuckles and sniffs. She steps into the trash showeringfrom above from the bleeches.

Flare says, ,,We eat.'' Flare steps along the stairs and halls. 

Guile follows. Thoughts flow through his mind like stream through air.

They walk through the paths of the gray. From Warriors waiting; the lifts through walls of darkness; along the halls with grays running about, up the lifts to the top of hall then down the spiral stairs to base.

Guile says at turns and when looking for the door to enter to go down. ,,Shawman Trust Gray leads the way.'' He sniffs and spits when the step from one set of pillar stares to another. ''Shawman Trust Gray leads the way.''

They stand in line for food. Guile sways with eyes feeling to shut and body wanting to lay down. His stomach rumbles. He farts. He says, ''Shawman Trust Gray leads the way.''

With each comment, Guile feels the psych rage of Flare at the name.

Flare stands and watches Guile and the grays through the fuzzy haze pulsing pain through her head. She tries to smile and wave to grays in line, but grins and feels pain. 

They get their oats mush, pototoe pile and ground lamb cold and runny over their plates. They eat it like it is their last meal. Guild buys a large jug of water and drinks it.

Guild says, ,,Shawman Trust Gray leads the way.''

They sit.

Flare takes a bite. 

Guile taks a bite saying, ,,Shawman Trust Gray leads the way.''

They eat. 

Grays come and go leaving sweat and feces smells as sense ghosts. 

Smelly grays sit, stand, eat.

Flare swallows last bite and stands. ,,We go.''

Guilg says with mouth full. ,,No where.''   

Flare grabs Guile's tray.  ,,I'll take you there.''

Guile burps and wipes face. He chews and stands, says with mouth full. ''Follow you, Shawman Trust Gray.''

Flare let Guile lead.

Guile leads away from the trash hole and tray contains.

Flare runs to and from then back to Guile before Guile walks the stairs to room. She tries to force the mind vibration of the hive to extend and connect to Guile but the vibration shake and jars the mind. She stumbles.

Guile says, ,,Rest and sleep.''

Flare pushes Guile to ward the stairs.

They walk to Guile's room as the walls begin to dim. 

Guile pulls of the grays suit and sits slimy nake body on floor. ,,Where are the clean grays?''

Flare rubs temples. ,,In the bottom by the furnance. There is the cleaning room. Take your cube for payment. If you want a bath, you will pay, take you cube. 

Guile grabs his cube. ,,And my heart dagger.''

Flare pulls the Heart Dagger from the folds and throws it on the ground. ,,No more talk of the past. No more talk of the trust beyond our minds.''

Guile yawns and stretches, drinks from his large

Guile says, ,,Shawman Trust Gray. Which is it?''

,,Not a shawman,'' says Flare. ''Gray.'' She looks along the hall.

,,You are a pupil. Shawman pupil trust gray. Which is more loyal. I suppse you were part of the pack too, so you could be Shawman's Pupil of Pack Gray Trust,'' Guild laughs, the laugh becomes a cough.

Flare looks along the hall and steps into Guile's room. ,,The past is a memory the future can kill.''

,,You're afraid of the trust.'' He drinks and dribble drips along gin. He gasps. ''We are team, yes?''

Flare stares.

The hive trust humming in mind vibrates her spine.

Flare massages her head from the throb of the trust. ,,Yes. WE play the same game.''

,,Trust,'' says Guile. ''WE don't trust. We need to trust. We need a goal. I want power, money.'' He slaps is stomach. ''Good food.'' He looks at Flare. ''Help you become Gray Trust Shawmen or manager. Don't care. Just want out. Get out of the desert. Get out of this.'' Guile sniffs. ''You help. What is needed.''

Flare look along the hall. She sets her stare on a gray then looks at Guile until the gray passes. She tries to see to Guile's mind, but feel a clap and like slap to the skull, so she says, ,,Find enemies of the trust and report. And work hard, so the other grays will respect and listen and not suspect you are hear for other talents.''

They stare.

Guile looks at the cube on palm. ,,How much credit paid by work for gray? How much for work for Trust?''

Flare shrugs. ,,You pay enough to live for the grays. You can find a sponser will get you a job else where.''

,,A sponser like the friends of the trust,'' says Guile.

,,Yes,'' says Flare.

,,I Shawman Pack Trust Gray. Jobs,'' says Guile. He closes eyes and leans haed against the wall. He scratch crotch.

Flare nods. ,,You're a gray.''

,,Are we a team,'' yawns Guile.

Flare nods. ,,We are a team.''

,,Team practice after the cycle,'' says Guile. ''Then we play game.''

,,Team practice,'' says Flare as she leaves a snoring Guile, shuts to door and walks the hall to her room and sleep.



