Fineal shrieks a call high above as the clouds part to let sun tip the rim of the canyon and caste shadows over the clearing and trees. The sun rays warm against the chill of snow and ice covering the ground and trees. Fineal dives and climbs then flaps through the blue sky over the trees and beyond sight.

Spear relaxes arms. He says while looking at the entire camp while focused upon Dante. He says, ,,Be there time I need to know.'' 

People gather around Dante. He looks people in-the-eye and places right hand the left shoulder of adults he talks with and right hand on left shoulder. He kneels to allow children to put their right hands on his left shoulder.

''Blue said of your trapping,'' says Spear.

,,Blue want our souls,'' says Jan.

,,Is his talk of time truth?" says Spear looking at Jan.

Kirra stands and lifts quiver over head to shoulder. She slowly slides short sword into sheath, says, ,,The bitch serving food with his bastard friends tried to bury Jan.''

,,And Kirra,'' says Jan.

Spear grips the handle of his bastard sword. His muscles flex.

,,Spear,'' says William.

,,I will have my fight,'' says Kirra.

Spear releases hold on hilt.

,,Challange him to an Honor Duel,'' says William as he clasps his guantlet to a fist. Then releases to rest guantlet on the hilt of sword. ''I will help assure an Honor Duel is allowed.''

,,Be that now?'' says Myst.

,,What's an honor duel?'' say Minst.

Spear laughs. ,,A fight for one's honor."

,,A way for Kirra humilate Wilber,'' says William. ''A rule Dante will follow.''

,,And how does one begin this honor duel says Minst,'' as he pulls out a small steel sling bullet from pocket.

,,Pronounce you intentions to a superior and the one to duel,'' says William.

,,Now may not be the time,'' say Myst. 

,,There is always time for honor,'' says William without looking at Myst. 

Myst tries to tap away the feeling of rage radiating from William and Kirra. The tension pacing a running tempo with fingers. The sound raises and sways the increases. 

The pounding spreads and seeps in the minds. The pound sounds pound the beat of rage to calm pulses of reason.

Minst slides his hand between folds of armor touching spin of book then touches and grabs his sling. He touches the spell component on his belt and pulls on the back and moves his arms in circles then lines. Then pops two component bags from belt and stands with arms at rest.

Jan expressionless face  smiles at Minst. Minst grins.

Jan lets hand full of algea all to the ground. She feels the breeze through her cloak. The cloak is tones of white and gray. Small spores of algea fall from cloak. A dirt musk fumes from Jan and spreads.

The dirt musk spores swirl and spread and cover. They land on skin of Minst, Spear, Kirra, Minst and spots of Williams neck. The smores spread a soft warm over body.

Jan pushes force and pulls from the roots around and under the rocks. The energy flows with the spores and spreads and blows in swirls and brushes skin and healing cracke skin, freezing pores and infected spots and cuts.

An itch under around Spear's wrists and neck at the cuffs of the hide coat cools. The cool spreads through the arms and back cooling the itch between the hide and skin.

,,Smells like dirt,'' says Minst.

,,So it does,'' says William.

Dante steps though crowd and begins to clap with Myst beat on drum. A few adults begin begin to humand clap. Kids spread and dance with the clap. The clap spreads and smiles flow from faces. People let the clap come then go, but the humming remains. Dante taps on his trumpet and stands and stares at the pack. His face calm and tear streak free.

Kirra's tension dulls tone of Myst's son. She  walks from the pack with bowl and bow.

Dante says with claps almost like as song.

People laughs and smile as the paced clap becomes random claps.

The children dance a stepless any beat dance becomes jumping then smiles and laughter.

The joy spreads from the kids into the souls of the pack and the soldiers making bodies glow and warm and the spreading clouds letting sunshine to be a sky full of blue.

The sun shines and Dante clasps hands together and looks at the pack. ,,We will be off as soon as you will it time for depature. I hope that desire be soon for I feel before the sun castes the shodows of night those being will be back to battle.''

Spear nods at Dante and stares at Kirra. He steps near Dante and away from the swing of Grete.

Kirra steps by the lines of kids and adults waiting for bowls to be filled with stew. She pushes Wibler away from table dropping bow and bowl.

Wibler stumbles to a stands.

The dancing and laughing and smiling silences like a sphere around the table.

,,Fight me without your fiends,'' says Kirra.

Soldiers raise crossbows at Kirra. Finger hold before triggers. Soldiers push threw the adults and kids. 

,,Kirra,'' says William as he pushes his way toward Kirra and Wibler.

A crowd circles around the standing Wibler and Kirra. They stare. They close their fists.

,,BY WORD OF DANTE I WILL NOT FIGHT!'' hollers Wilber.

,,BITCH,'' hollers Kirra.

Kirra lunges at Wilber.

Four soldiers rush between Wibler and Kirra. Three grab Kirra and the forth stand before Wilber.

The sound of Dante tumpet echoes the canyon. The pumps of the trumpet fade and lead Dante's voice.

William follows Grete and Dante throught crowd.

Whispers and grumbles lead pointing and sneers.

Kirra hits and pushes free from the soldiers and stumbles back to the pots of food pullings sword and dagger. Spear pulls out bastard sword as Minst steps away from the soldiers as Myst grabs her mace then the star amulet as William push between Dante and Grete and leaps between Kirra and the soldiers.

William's body hits the a swinging soldiers sword to the ground. Leather boots hit ground, slip. William falls.

,,YEILD,'' hollers Dante. His voice carries. The kids and adults stop talk and movement. The soldiers stand at defense and Wibler points at Kirra and stands with mouth wide.

,,Spear!'' says William stumbling for a stand. He stumbles and stands. "By right.'' He slips and stands. ''By right, an honor judgement for offense committed against Kirra." He stars at Dante while the people stare at him.

Wilber laughs. ,,Honor Judgement may only be declared by the one seeking honor reclaimed.

Spear slows walk and stands apart from the crowd. He sees the arrows being aimed. The soldiers stand. People watch. 

Steam pillows from Dante's mouth. 

The wind blows as Dante stands and stares at William then Kirra.

,,Does he speak as your proxy, Kirra,'' says Dante.

Kirra nods.

Willaim stares back.

,,Granted,'' says Dante. ''When we return, Honor Judgement will be given.''

Fineal cries and flies above.

Kirra release sword to sheath and slips knife from hand to wrist sheath. She steps back, turns and walks toward the trees follow Fineal's flight.

Spear peers at Wilber. He stares at soldiers around. He feels the itch of the hide.

William steps and staps and crasp top of Spear's shoulder. ,,It is time for adventure, my friend." William steps past and follows Kirra to the forest.

Spear takes two steps back then turns, pulls hammer from loop and holds it to side walk after William.

Jan twirls staff and twirls step as her rope seems to remain stil. She walks, closes eyes  and reaches and pushes herself to and through the trees.

The cloud cracks spread to blue canyonds. The sun castes light shadows over the canyon casting bright light against the sheer mountain wall above the trial to the stone giants. 

Fineal flaps and lifts. 

Adults and kids hold bowls still and begin to chew again. The stare at Myst and Minst and glance behind at the rest of the back.

The cold breeze calms to a stagnate chill.

Myst feels no cold as she looks at the people and kids looking at them. None of them talk.

Dante says, ,,May we play a soft song to help the cold and sorrow be lifted with its soul.''

Myst smiles and taps again on the drum top a couple of times. 

Dante steps to Myst and Minst.  His blond locks play matted and pressed agains dull full plate armor. Dirt stains chin. And light teear streaks cheek. He smiles while finding Mysts stare. ,,We should follow your friends and be on our way so you adventures may continue upon this dim canyon with our song.''

,,Yes,'' says Minst. He pushes two componente bags into the the belt and pops off three other components.

Dante glances from Myst to Minst and says, ,,Then we shall be on our way.''

Minst raises his hand, ,,I will follow Fineal.'' MInst begins to squeeze his hand and sees the reliefs of lines winding through the rocks begin to draw.

,,WAIT,'' say Don with a raised voice. ''Dante.'' Don holds up and waves a scroll above the people surrounding him. He and the scroll step from between people then he stumbles to a stand near Dante. He pulls robe tight around body and ties off the rope around waist. He holds up a scroll. ''The scroll. The scroll.''

,,Yes, the scroll,'' says Dante. 

,,The scroll,'' says Don. He looks at Minst and holds up the scroll. 

Minst reaches for the scroll, and Don pulls it away with a wink.

,,This scroll,'' says Don staring at Minst. ''This scroll intrust to you. You and you alone.''

,,What is it?'' says Minst.

,,Reverse alteration,'' says Don giving as stern look wit lowered brow. His white hair and beard loooks to shake with tension. ''It's a powerful spell. Powerful. Not as powerful of the alternation that has taken place, but still a force requiring disapline and study." 
        
Minst stare at Don.

Dante watches Kirra step into the forest.

Don says, ,,Before two phases of dark, I was. I was helping the defenses of the people. I made changes to places. Here and there. Nothing. Well, nothing I find damaging, but enough to mold natural defenses for some of the soldiers left behind. The alterations were to hide our path. To hide our camp and keep the people safe. I-''
        
,,You changes the landscape,'' says Minst.

Myst stops tapping on drum top and looks at Don.

,,Ye. Yes.'' Don says, ''Yes.''

,,It was my order. It helped use hide a few nights while surrounded by the hordes. It allowed us to live and survive to the canyon. I ordered the alteration caring not for the trees and animals,'' says Dante.

Don says with high pitch voice., ,,And I agreed, but now...''

Dante looks at Minst and Myst and as William steps into the forest. 

Kirra, Spear, Jan  and William stand and point at the pavillion and the other pack members.

Dante looks from Don the peeople around the pavillion. The people lean and listen. The chewing of their food and sniffing of dripping noises the only dialog.

,,We shall meet your friends for they away, and we can continue our discussion as we near the forest's edge." Dante steps and walks over the rocks and ice.

Minst and Myst follow with Don walking behind.

,,Minst, I ask you take this scroll and help us alter the landscape to its original form,'' says Dante. '' We need you, Minst, to remove the alteration of the spell.'' He hold the scroll before Minst.

Minst takes the scroll. ,,It's a scroll.'' He looks at Dante then back and Don. ''I can only use it once for this may beyond my ability.'' He looks to Dante. ''And why give this to me now. What happens if we don't return. What happens if fate has us-''

Don says fast. ,,It is why you are receiving it now. If you do't return you have the power to alter and help. If you fail, then maybe one of these, these forest people will use it to alter. They will find we care. Or care now." Don stops. Then  he says calm. ''And now you will have time to study.''

Minst looks back.

Don continues to say, ''You have the power. You will see the scape of alteration.''
Minst grabs the scroll. ,,I will attempt your request, but give you no promise on success.'' He unrolls the scoll and looks at it as they walk. 

A flash and pound beats Minst head. Scribbles spread and draw lines of red, blue, yellow, orange.

The scroll falls to the ground and Mins stumbles.

Dante grabs the scroll before it hist the ground and braces Minst to stand. 

,,MINST,'' hollers William as he step from the forest and walks into the clearing.

Kirra pulls back her bow.

,,We should leave,'' says Kirra.

,,We need to see the balance,'' says jan. 

,,Magic is always a trap,'' says Spear. He looks into the forest only seeing snow.

Fineal cries a loud call.

Don looks up at Fineal. He mumbles, ,,Quiet,'' thens says loud. ''You're going to have a headache, but I promise the next time you read you won't feel all that, that pain.'' He hurries step to walk with Minst. ''And be sittting.

,,Yes,'' says Minst as he blinks and steadies heads. He focus on William walking toward them.

Myst taps on her drum top, and Dante grabs his horn.

Minst stops and looks at the ground. He looks behind and walks back toward the pavillion while everyone stops and watchis. 

Three small brown component bags lay on the ground. 

Minst picks up the components and touches spine of spell book. The world tips as he stands and walks back to Dante, Myst and Dante.

Dante puts an arm around Minst and holds the scroll before him. ,,You weild the power.''

Minst nods and grabs the scroll.

,,Minst,'' says Willaim as he steps with controlled slips and strips over the rock, silt and ice. ''Be you healthy.''

,,Yes,'' says Minst as the pound of Mysts drum hits the balance of Minst's sight to one horizontal and vertical plane.

The music spreads and calm the rage in Willaim. The sound reaches around. And the star amulet around Myst neck faintly glows. The song in myst's mind grows and spread to the edige of the forest touching Kirra and jan. 

Kirra relaxes her cocked bow and Jan shrugs of a sunshine glow beaming from the beat of Myst drum beat.

,,Do we need druming to show Blue us,,' says Spear.

,,There are beings hidding in trees beyond the pavilion. Watch the branch move,'' says Kirra.

,,Blue knows,'' says Jan. She grabs a handfull of algea from pocket and eats as they watch William step to Dante.

William grasps and grips gauntlet fist. ,,Before the nightfalls, our journey best begin.''

,,Yes,'' says Dante. ''We best follow our destiny into the forest to meet our end or our beginning.''

William looks at Minst. ,,Can you travel?''

,,Yes.'' He takes the bottom from dagger scabbard and rolls the scroll inside. He looks at William.  He smiles. "Yes. In fact I will fly." He holds his hand before William and twist bottom of scabbard.


Fineal harks and circles above.

Minst flies up like an arrow shot from the ground. And like an arrow, Minst rises to a peak near Fineal and begins to fall. He bounces in air and settles like he is standing on the sky.

All look up.

Dante blows on his horn a smooth exhale of calm. The sound seeps and flows with the wind's whistle. Myst's tap follows the wind.

William steps looking up at Minst.

Minst hovers the bobs like wood in water waves. He waves to Kirra, Jan and Spear then sways sways side to side.

,,Magic,'' mutters Spear as he turn and walks into the forest setting in step and trail. Kirra steps from Jan and Spear and follows the trailof a deer. 

Jan puts cold hands into pockets of robe and walk throughs the snow. Algea covers hands filling them with worth. The robe brushes over snow covering Jan's trackes.

William watches Spear, Kirra and Jan walk into the forest.

,,We best be on our way,'' say William. ''Our friends are calling us to movement.''
 
Sunbeams spread from the blue sky. The sun spand below the relief mark of the rat to the tree tops.

Dant lowers horn. ,,An Omen guides are way.'' He raise horns and blows a soft and fast pules and beats of his horn.

The sun beams feel to spread into William and Minst.

Dante steps and William and Minst follow.

Kids and adults watch as Dante steps away. The watch the brillinan amor illuminate the dim. They hear the sounds of the trumpet. One screams from the crowds. ,,Let the light illuminate for its path is bright!''

William looks back seeing people move hand from forehead, to left shoulder, to heart, to right shoulder, to forehead. William looks into the forest. 

Bright white snow covers ground and branchse. Chunks of snow fall from tree sides with drips of water.

Fineal sings whisltes and whines of the morning time.  

Mist points forward and follows relief lines blowing with the wind feeling his way left and right to balance as he flies like an arrow thorugh the sky. 

Cold gusts of wind tighten the blue relief lines drawing from the sky. Trees below flow to streaks of white.

Spear sees the streak of Minst disappear beyond the tree tops. He exhales a billowing cold breath. The steps slows and the clold closes in. He hears the trumpet and drum push and pounds. 

The trumpet spreads with the pack as Dante, William and Minst walk behind Spear. 

Minst flies and finds the control of height and speer within the reliefs draw from the wind waves. 

Through the forest they go.

,,Maybe we should quiet out trail,'' says William stepping behind Dante and Myst.

Between the notes of the low soft horn Dante says, ,,The know. ...See the dark shades. ...In the trees. ...We do not hide.''

Kirra, Spear and Jan step silent and slow through the forest walk past soldiers without being seen. Kirra along a far side of Spear and hidden from Jan, who feels Kirra through move through the trees.

Spear follows a trail of brush and a tree.

The trail of his departure no covered with snow winds through the forest and the trees. It spans between the soldiers an cuts and turns sharp without rythme or cause.

Soldiers hear the sounds of the drums and ease bows. They stop and ease their strings and nod toward Dante. The point raise open palms then close first piont fingers to humaniod darks shapes in the tree tops.

Dark shapes leap from tree top to tree top knocking now snow from trees and now away. 

William, Myst, Spear, Kirra, Jan and Dante watch pairs of dark shapes the size of a human leap and climb from tree to tree.

Dante removes lips from horn letting the sonus be blows away. He pulls back his hair and latches his horn to side. He looks back as does William.

Small dots appear and disppear through the forest marking the movement of the soldiers.

Dante looks at Myst and castes a gaze. ,,Noise will give them a beacon to focus their attacks.''

Myst nods and lets her hand thump to a rest.

,,Shall we try to talk with them?'' says William.

Dante nods and puts hands to mouth. ,,Hello, my friends of the woods, the sky and all that is spread. We see to speak for peace to end our war.''

The voice fades. 

Spear, Kirra and Jan stops in steps and watch the dark shapes stand still.  Spear sees rocks and groves and clearing seen in flashes of the mind. Each step through the trees feel the direction, but not the know. He slows step and finds a paw prints and tail marks through the fresh snow.

A dark shape streaks the sky.

Spear pauses and looks up.

The dark shape of Minst soars through the gaps of trees. 

Minst follows the ebbs and waves of the relief lines etched through the sky. He uses weight and arms to pitch and roll and climb and dive. Minst flies over Willaim, Dante and Myst.

The echo of Dante's voice fades.

,,We best keep close and aware,'' says Dante.

Willaim nods. They walk close behind Spear, a sprint away from Jan and a shout away from Kirra.

Spear walks through snow keeping the dark shades at angles distant.

Cold seeps through boots. The trees rains. Snow is kicked aside as knee deep snow slows the walk back.

The human shapes spread through the trees.

The wind blows and tree tops sway. Clouds begin to cover the sun and sky casting an early dust.

The steep moutain side looms. Bolders and rocks slop around huge pine bases. The branches and needles cover  the moutnain wall. Thorned brush twist between the trees. 

William, Dante and Myst step slow and careful near Spear.

Spear stops.

Kirra sees Spear stop.

Jan feels Spear stop.

Spear sees the dark shadows and shade under the rocks and between the trees and the rocks climb up.

,,We are near,'' says Spear. 

Fineal cries.

Jan looks at Spear and whistles to Kirra.

The high pitched. 

An arrow shoot from the trees and hits Minst's shoulder.

The relief lines of winds flow scribble knots and circles.

Minst falls.

Fineal scretches and calls out.

Jan hear Fineal and runs, closes eyes and pushes force.

An ice trail spreads before Jan as she steps from the snow. She runs over the ice.

Kirra hears Jan, sees Jan, runs towards Jan. She slides arrow from quivers and notche bow.
        
Spear sees Minst fall and runs kicking clouds of snow. He hears arrows fly past.
        
William, Myst and Dante hear the Fineal hark and the clouds of snow our Spear.

Two arrows hit Williams armor. Two arrows hit Dante's raised shield held before Myst. ONe arrow stabs through Mysts arm.

Blood drips and spreads through snow. William steps in the blood and grabs Myst. He crouches to hold Myst from falling.

Two black forms leap from tree top to tree top. A dark shape falls from the sky like a dead body.

Fineal dives from the sky passing Minst and into the trees.

Ice path spans from Jan past Spear.

Spear kicks aside snow, punch human near naked leaping from snow covered brush, leap, steps, run two war Myst away from William.

William steps and stands before Myst and grabs Myst before she falls against tree. He lays her against tree and kneels and covers her.

The star on Myst's chests glows and pumps with Myst's heart. Heart pumps pain from arrow head.

Four arrow hit Dante's armor. Two arrows stick into Dante's shoulder. Dante's arm grabbing crossbow drops.

Dante grips fist, grabs crossbow, releasees safty latch, aims, breathes, pulls the trigger once then twice.

The arrows fly by into trees hitting a silhouette in the shadow of snow covereed branch. Branch shakes. Snow falls. Itfalls by the running Spear.

Spear runs watching Minst fall.

Minst falls. He lifts right arm and open palm. He pushes arm toward the ground. His body slows, slides. He hits tree. 

The arrow in arm breaks.

Pain shocks Minst's body. Body slides and falls through the snow covered branches then on ice. 

Ice flow from Minst to Jan. 

Jan runs toward Feneal and shrieks then harks.

Kirra runs toward Jan. She shoot three arrows betweeen snow covered branches at top of tree.

The arrows fly into limps. Limbs shake and shutter. Snow falls. Two white covered bing leap from tree top to tree top as one fire arrows at Kirra.

Darts hit Kirra arms. their needle tips poke, but do not puncture the cloth garmets close to Kirra's skin. She run. She leaps over the ice trail before Minst slides past holding his spell book and sling. 

Minst slides along ice. 

Jan leaps and dives into snow. Her staff stabbed horizontal on back drags her dig to slow.

The ice path slides Minst to a trench of snow under the pine branchs and around a the trunk. Arrows strike ice path, the spot where Jan dove into the snow, around Spear and off the armor of Willam and Dante.

Arrows fly past Fineal as it harks and dives betweent the trees to the rock and bolders of the moutain base. Fineal squaks and dissappears between the rocks.

Jan hears Fineal's hark and hears of the cave as borrows under the snow with the ease of crawling. She crawls through slown toward Myst, William and Dante.

Dante nudge Willaims back. ,,Fineal has found something!'' He says as he kneels against tree limiting angles of arrow flight form hitting. He steps on cross bow handle pulling back the two string to the trigger latches then picking up crossbow and laying two arrows from small quiver to the barrel of bow. 

,,Myst,'' says Willaim. He feels two arrows hits plates. He grabs the arrow shaft.

,,Don't pull. Myst looks at Willaim. ''I live. I breathe.''

,,You breathe,'' says William.

And ogre and human covered in white robes leaf from the tree tops and land by Dante, Willam and Myst. 

Dante swings sword with right hand. 

Sword cuts ogre tusk and then its mouth and head.

Dante parries a strike of a staff appearing from beneath the robe. Then he aims and first the crossbow bolts at two more white robed beings appearoing from behind a nearby snow covered trees.

Rocks and pebbles fall and click to a pause in snow. One, two then five being spread wide skip down the rocks.

Spear hears the rock and pebbles as he leaps over snow and brush. He watches Minst slide to under tree, Jan dive into the snow, Kirra run and fire arrows. He steps on Jan's ci path and to Minst sliding under the branches to the trunk leading with the feet. Feet hit trunk.

,,Where's Jan?'' says Minst as he looks from his shoulder and arrow and Spear.

,,In snow,'' says Spear. He ears foots crunching snow. He peers between the branches and the snow. 

Jan claws and crawls. Her hands begin to warm metling the snow. 

The snow melts around her and steam rises.

Group of feet run over the top of snow. 

Snow falls from above and hits Spear.

Above two white covered begins climb down trees as fast like the branch are ladders.

Spear breaks the nub of arrow shaft sticking from Minist's shoulder, then slides Minist over the ice path hollering, ,,RUN FOR THE ROCKS,'' then takes warhammer and begins to slam its head agains the tree trunk.

Fineal harks and cries a piercing cry.

As ice and snow fall around and on Spear,  Minst slides over the ice path to the snow, Spear's voice echoes, Kirra dives and rolls under a tree away from arrows. 

Kirra rolls and stands and slams into flesh. Hard force slams the side of her face. She lungs back, slams a body, then jerks and swings head back hittting a nose. 
 
A crack breaks heavy breathing cruching of snow. 

The echo of, ,,...THE ROCKS.'' pushes into the canyon and away. 

,,TO FINEAL,'' hollers Dante with a limps swing deflecting a staff then a wooden club. He shoot two crossbow bullets into the enemy weilding staff. The sins a circle dodging a club swing then thrusts up slicing the club holding dwarf from waits to neck. 

Blood spray, but doesn't land on Dante as turns with sword slice and knees by Willaim. ,,Fineal has found the cave.'' He looks at Myst and grabs shaft. Snaps shaft, so it is even with flesh.  

Dante hums.

William watches and looks at Dante. He sees... 
 
Three the four then five being clothed in white emerge from trees srubs and snow. All letting loose a scream. 

,,Ambush,'' says William.

,,Protection, the cave,'' says Dante while looking at Myst. ''We need to move.''

Myst nods and begins to hum.

William leaps from a kneel and runs toward the group of five nearing myst. He pulls sword from scabbard. Then hears a crack and sees snow, ice and white clothed beings fallin from trees.

All hear a loud crack and glance at the tree shedding ice and down.

Ice and snow hit Spear's head. Spear feels no pain and as muscle and heart beat hard and fast. His adrenline rush and pumps. Spear swings and swings and swings and hits and hits the tree.

He feels the falling being above he runs from the trees and billowing snow  and picks up Minst.

Minst scrambles to a stand, slides hand between foldes of leather. Pain shocks his body and hand falls from folds of armor and hand clenches sling. He stumbles in the snow and falls into the hole created by Jan.

Jan stops crawl and heat spreads from hands to arms to chest to body. Energy fill jan from the grass and roots near the frozen dirt.

The frozen dirt become mud. Snow become stream. The hole around expands then collapses around Jan. The snow falls and become steam.

The hole spreads and steam rises toward Kirra.

Kirra slams back of head agains face and pushes thumbs into the eyes of an elf. She feels her bow drop and quiver be pulled from back. She pushes fingers into eyes sockets then feels her head hit tree. Her mind  flashes.

Snow melts and steam rises around Kirra to Minst and Spear to William to Dante and Myst. Steam rises and melts  the snow and ice on trees. Steam spreads blinding.

Fineal harks and cries like an echo from a cave.

Chunks of snow and ice splat on ground.

Jan crawls to a stand and slides staff from shoulder between pack straps. Spear and Minst fall to ground, and Minst slips over mud as pain spread through body shocking him to drop his sling. William trips and falls slides over mud. Dante lifts Myst, and Myst feels pain as the walks and step and pull tho the rocks. Kirra falls to ground, rolls from tree and through the mud. 

Kirra limps to a stand. Her head pounds. She looks arond ground. Her food kicks her bow. She grabs it.

Fineal cries.

Arrows and darts whizz through steram past heads. They thump into trunks and knock through braches. The snap and clammor into rocks.

Fineal harks and squaks an echo.

,,The cave,'' says Spear between a gut of Minst.

Minst feels the presure of darts htting legs. He sees an arrow cut Spear's hear.

Pine needles brush Spear's face and Minst's hear and hands.

Kirra hears Fineal's echo as she grabs her bow. She steps, hears the crunch of pine needles and tap steel against branch. She ducks a blade that cuts over head. She rolls and stands while putting bow through shoulders and short sword from sheath and blocks another sword appearing from the steam. She sees somethings. She smells Jan.

Jan hears Fineal's echo as lays and cools. An arrow sticks her algea robe into the mud and pine needles. She pushes leaps lands and runs by Kirra. Her algea cloak rips. The rips edges fall to dust. The cloak hangs and boucnes. Algea clings and mends. 

It blows away with gust.The gust blows past Dante and Myst stepping up rock. Myst hears Fineal and its voice strikes a cord in mind adn the cord plays a song and the song sings away the pain in Myst's should. Blood of Myst Spreads over Dante's armor. Dante latch crossbow tosses sword from right hand to left and then swings block a sword swing the slides teh sord shaft along sword shaft to hilt of other swinger then its hand. The sword falls.

William hears Fineal. He sees silhouette appear standing from the ground, behind brush, tree trunks, rocks and branches. He hears grunt of Myst. He steps then jogs with sure steps to Myst and the sound of Fineal.

Steam rises, spreads and flows away. Bolders crop from dirt, pine neeldels, leaves and mud and climb between trees to jagged the shear mountain side touched at top with sun light. Trees green with pine stand tall as their branchs spring and balance, drip snow from tops and pine needles. Brush surrounds trees and and grow before the rock. 

Arrows clash into brush, stick into trees, break on rocks.

William feels arrow tip poke skin between the chain links of chain mail. He fills an arrow cut his finger and a dart stick in neck as he runs. He steps and strides paast dante and Myst with armor boucning. He runs swinging into brush swiping it away and smashing it down.

Myst's steps and strides and feels the cool of the song spread from mind to body. She steps with Dante through the trail of William as William clear way to the rock. Dante kicks down the elf with bledding hand while stepping with Myst and looking to see that Spear running with Minst.

Minst bounces on Spears shoulder. The shaft pushes against muscle and bone with each bounce. The song fades as Myst stumbles over rocks and against brush. She feels a dart peirce cloak and stick in back. She grabs her mace and begins to swing the the brush left in William's wake.

Dante steps with Myst, looks back and sees the crowds of rangers and druids appoarch. He runs, kicks and swings through the brush as he, Myst and William step through to rock, as Spear runs through the brush scraping body and holding Minst as Minst slips hand to touch spine of spell book and grips sling as Jan follows Kirra through a skinny trail to the rock and over the rocks.

An arrow hits Jan's arm. 

Pain pierces and causes her feet to skip and body to lunge forward until she reaches and pushes against bolder.

Steps, grabs and pulls Jan as she climbs. 

The step grab and climbs.

Arrows hits rocks and armor. Darts stick and sting. Being climb behind and descend from above.

Willaima see two descend from above, stops and stands. 

Dante and Myst step and lift past. ,,CLIMB!'' Hollers Dante.

William pulls sword for scabbard, clenches fist and leaps from boulder to land top of trio
reaching for Myst's foot. 

The trio shoulders to shoulder in a boulder hall, fall from the wieght of William landing upon them.

Spear see William leap on the trio. He sees other groups near and two climbing from trees. He feels being becoming close from the crop of rocks and snow covered caps above.

Fineal harks and calls. 

The wind blow blows the last of the steam from the area.

A circle of dry in the depths of snow give path to people wearing white and brown to run, shoot arrow, blow darts, climbe down the trees or leap from tree tops.

And arrow from above hits the rock near Spear as he kneels. Spear grabs William and lifts him and stands. He swings hammer hitting the nearest in head.

Fineal harks an echo.

Kirra and Jan follow the echo from rock to bolder to rock to boulder to the a darkness.

An orc dress in brown pants and tunic holding a club and a wooden shield leap from rock to rok to a postion boave the darkness where Fineal harks by a white clad elf pulling back bow and aiming at Dante.

Kirra shakes wrists. Dagger slides from wrist to palm as Kirra swings her arm then throws the dagger at the elf.

Jan plants staff upon rocks climbing and feeling a dart stick her leg. The staff spreads roots and grips the rock  and boulders giving Jan balance. 

Kirra's dagger hits teh elven's archer's hand holding bow string. The arrow fires and flies as stray into trees near William. The orc near the elf archer leaps from the top of the boulder above the cave entrance toward Kirra.

Willaim sees the arrow hit and kicks a hand grabbing for annkle. Spear pulls on william, but his William's pack snages on a tree root.

Spear pulls.

William's pack strap breaks. The pack falls as William is lifted up and to feet. 

Spear and William follow Dante and Minst toward the cave.

An elf above the cave steps back as fluid as water hook bow voers shoulders and slides two short swords from sheaths on back the spins, leaps and flips to land before  the cave.

The orc near crouch and leaps swinging club at Kirra.

Jan swing staff at the orcs ankles.

The staff connects. The feet of orc slip on water.

The orc falls.

Kirra and Jan leaps over.

Fineal harks.

The call echoes past the falling orc and the elf swinging at Dante. Dante blocks both strikes fro the elfs two short swords. The elf spins and slices Dante's cheek.

Myst falls. Spear leaps over Myst. Spear is hit by another arrow. His muscles pump and bodie moves. He slams the elf.

They tumble into cave. 

As the tumble, William grabs Myst and pulls her to a jog into the dark cavern. As Kirra dodges the club of orc and swings short sword wide hitting stone. As Jan slams staff upon the face of the fallne orc and steps into the cave another dart sinks into her skin.

Two arrow stick into Dante's armor. His sword drops. He reaches for his sword andd see Minst stumble below the orc. 

Arrows shoot.

Kirra steps on the orc and leaps int oteh darkneess stumbling to a stand and by the elf and Spear.

The elf and Spear wrestle. Spear grabs the elf from the back under shoulder and around neck. Kicks feet and kicks him and the ranger elf into the cave.

An arrow shoot into the chest of the ell then the face as darkness coveres spear and the dead elf.

William and Myst step and limb into the cave past Spear, who scrambles to a stand and follows into the deep of the cave until William trips and him and Myst fall.

Myst's head hits rock. A crack echoes. 

Fineal's squack echoes. 

Jan walks into the cave.

Kirra follows, but is grabbed by the orc. She falls. 

Dante lifts Minst and pulls him up and into the darkness as Kirra kicks away intothe cave and pushes hands into soft sand and smooth rocks.

Kirra says loud to echo, echo, ,,This is a river bed. There is another way out!''

William sees Mysts sihlouette layuing the rock. He foces rage upon the wall and punches.

A ghost fist flies from gauntlet.

Minst clenches teeth. ,,I have the teleport scroll.'' He slides hand between folds of armor the grabs hit and pulls.

Hairy dwarves, humans, ogers, orcs, elves and a gnome land before cave entrance, run to cave entrace, shoot arrows between running naked and painted white beings.

Snow flurries.

Myst's feels the burn from chest through body. She feels the cools spread and tickle then tinkle her arm. She lifts a shouts, ,,THEWORD. THEWORD, THEWORD!'' Her hand falls and sight follow three lighting bolts.

The three light bolts strike rock above entrance. William's ghost fist punches wall.

Rocks fall.


