
Feces fumes.

Mud covers face, seeps between lips, creeps up nose, fills eyes sockets, coats hands, pushes up sleeves and leggings, slide into boots.

Kirra and Shake slide.

Kirra bow snaps from pack strab. She reachs and grabs bow shaft while kicking foot against mud pushing head and shoulders against mud. Head and shoulders and foot spread mud. Head hits rock. 

Shake pushes hand against mud, twists will pull and rolls on back with feet facing foreard and head lifted and looing at ceiling.

Minst magical light flows above shake.

Jan, standing by Minst, in the darkness nears the slip of Kirra and Shake fade. The light is a distant point. 

,,What now?" says Minst. 

,,Rope or wizrardry," says William.

The ceiling tremors. The boards above creek and bend.

Jan grabs staff, holds it in the middle like a lance, then sits and slides down the mud. She slides.

Myst grabs Williams hand. They squeeze hands.

Spear sits and thrusts legs out. He pulls out a knife and sinks tip in mud then lets body slide and hang on to kife. He says at the darkness. ,,No time for a rope."

The knife slips in mud.

Spear lays on side, arm extended and hand pushes and pulls knife into mud. ,,Minst, use your dagger to stab the mud and slow your slide.

Minst nods sits and pulls dagger from scabbard. He stabs ground the lets body slide and extend then pulls and pushes on dagger to slowly slide down mud.

Myst pulls out her mace and sits. She holds the mace handle with both hand and pushes the stare mace head into the mud. She slides on butt dragging mace head behind to press into the mud to slow slide.

William sits. He tugs on sword and sword scabbard checking it to be fastened. He pulls on pack straps. 

The ceiling rumbles. Board bend and crack. 

William sits, pulls knife from sheath and pushes knife into mud and slides slow.

Dirt sprinkles on William's head.

William stares it darkness peering for the flash of light following Shakd and Kirra.

Kirra and Shake slide from decline to horizontal plan then off ledge.

They are waitless, falling vertical.

Splash.

Eyes sting. Acidic tang fills mouth. Chunks of stringy feces gather on hand and arms. Stomachs and throast convulse and shake. Nose fills with piss.

Mud washes from skin and eye sockets. 

Bodies flush in a rush to bottom.

Shakes legs touch stone. Kirra's side of body, streamered with  strinky feces taps stone bottom.

Shake kicks and strokes arms thrusting body up.

Kirra feels a soft current pushing her across the bottom. Kirra pushes off the stone bottom slippoing hands over its slimy surface. She strokes up and up and up pushing back water and stringy feces. Her head breaks water and she gasps next to a choking and coughing Shake.

They tread water. 

Shake spits and wipes face, hollers, ,, HOLD YOU BREATH AFTER YOU LEAVE THE SLIDE."

The holler echoes, echoes, echoes...

It echoes through the shaft slide by the companions and the shafts above the companions as they slide down.

Jan slides fast through the echo. She sees the heat signature of vertical shafts raising from the mud celing above. She sees the slope of the shaft she slides upon level horizontal. She pushes one end of the staff into the shaft mud floor and the other end of the staff into the ceiling of the mud shaft. Her grip tightens.

The staff ends digs trenches in floor and ceiling. The staff end pressing in ceiling presses into space, the staff end moves up then catch on a blunt wall of mud. 

Jan's body jerks, staff bends the stiffens. She holds her staff, releases grip and lays on the floor of the mud shaft. 

A few drips of water fall from vertical shaft. 

She takes pulls staff from ground and crawls with staff down to the horizonal ground. She looks up shaft and sees a distant dot of heat radiating from Spear.

Spear, Minst, Myst and William hears the splash then the echo. 

,,Good," grunts William. His arms shakes and fingers grip knuckles. "It would be good to see." 

Drops of water hit Myst's face. ,,Yes," she says.

,,You don't want to see" says Minst. Minst peers at the walls and the vertical shafters above. He sees with out color piles goblin feces mixed with mud. Puddles of pee pool in mud pushed against the wall.

,,Smells," says William as he pulls knife from the mud and slide the pushes the knife in slowing slide. "I hope Kirra and Shake are going to be safe."

Kirra and Shake tread water and urine.

The light of Minst hovers above.

They tread water in a cylindar pool carved from stone. The pool's stone walls beyond the shadows light.

Kirra reaches back and touches back and quives. She checks swords and daggers, pouches. ,,Bow she utters." 

Shake points and then splashes and reaches. He lifts her bow. ,,Got it, my sheppard."

Kirra twists lips to almost smile. She grabs he bow. ,,Thank you." Then fastens the bow to pack. 

Shake swims to the wall and rubs hand up  the smooth surface of blocks chiselled and set tight agains stone creating the wall to appear seamless. ,,Dwarven," He says. "No sloppy hobgobling digging like the shaft we slid down."

,,Can you climb it?" says Kirra.

,,Maybe if my fingers were dry and my shoes not soaked." He pushes away from wall and looks up at the light. "Maybe." He treads water. "WE NEED A ROPE."

,,WE NEED A ROPE, WE NEED A ROPE, WE NEED A ROPE, We need a rope...We need a rope...We need a rope..." echoes shakes voice.

Jan shuffles through mud the steps on stone. She looks up through the shaft and sees deep red and oranges of Spear, Minst, Myst and William.

Jan looks from the shaft.

Minst's light dimly illuminates a wide ledge of stone blocks.

Jan steps to the edge presses foot on the stone blocks before each steps as she walks from the mud shaft to the stone ledge wide enough to lay head to toe. 

A thin surface of slim coat the stone casuing shifting balance.

Jan kneels then crawls to the edge. ,,Kirra!"

The cylindar walls extend down beyond the light disappearing into darkness.

,,Jan," says Kirra. "We need a rope."

Kirra and Shake splash and settle. 

,,WE SWIM IN PISS," hollers shake.

Jan nods crawls away from the opening of the mud shaft and cralws to the wall and sits agains it. ,,Time to wait for others to arrive." She lifts staff and lays in over waits. She inhales

The feces and urined and amonsa and sulfure fill nose and stir the mind and body. A wave of dizziness stumbles through mind.

In the shaft, slowly sliding down the mud slide, Spear, Minst, Myst, William hear the echo, ,,We need a rope...We need a rope...We need a rope..."

Spear pulls then pushes on knife. ,,Anyone have a rope?"

,,Carlos had a rope," says William. He slides then stops. Slide the stops.

Water stream falls and pours on Minst's legs. He shakes hand head and holds his large sack way from teh stream. 

A light shines from below.

,,The light," says Myst.

William pulls and pushes knife into mud. His armor slides over the mud filling his chain mail and platemail pieces filling with mud and feces. 

Myst raises mace's star tip the presses it again. Her foot touches Minst hand. ,,Sorry," says Myst.

,,We better," says William. "WE HAVE NOT ROPE. WE HAVE DO ROPE...We have no rope... We have no rope..."

Willaim's voice echoes past Jan.
 
Jan stands, pulls off pack, then robe and lays staff near the stonewall away from the edge. She steps to edge. ,,Swim away from the edge nearest the shaft."

,,We're treading on the opposite side," says Shake.

Jan dives in feet first. She cuts into the water will little splash and shoots to the bottom. Her free pushing through silt and feces and to the stone floor. 

The tug of current pulls her body to the side. 

Jan feels energy spread from her body.

The energy spread to the edges of the pool. 

Small bubbles shake through the silt and feces and float up.

The water shakes and swishes. 

Kirra looks to Shake. ,,Hold."

Shake nods.

The walk bubbles and splash.

A pillar of water lift Shake and Kirra and Jan from the pool up the walls twisting like a snake. The piliar of water climbs and stops near the stone ledge near the stone ledge.

Shake step from platform on top of water column to the stone edge.

Feces, piss and silt seep from sides of water column. 

The pure water columns rises. 

Jan steps from the water column.

The pure water column spashes on Shake and Kirra washing way feces, piss and silt.

Jan picks up robe and slides robe on.

The pure water splashes.

,,WOW," says Shake.

Minst light floats above illuminating.

Spear slides slow and slides to a stop in the mud shaft. He crawlss.

Minst slides and hits Spear's feet and butt.

Spear's face falls and slides over muds to stone ledge.

Shake laughs. 

Kirra steps to Jan and away from Spear. 

Spear crawls to a stand and steps along ledge and wipes mud from body flicking it inte cesspool below. 

Minst stands, looks at Kirra, Jan and Shake. ,,No rope?"

Kirra looks back to Jan. ,,No need."

Minst nods, steps and lifts big sack and open sack looks inside. He leans back against flat stone wall. 

Myst stops slide on stone ledge. Her mace on shoulder. She stands sort of smiles, pinches her nose. ,,That's overwhelming." Myst shuffle steps way from opening.

William stand. One side of Armor and body filled with mud. Mud between the chain mail links, mud between the plate mail plates, mud between the fibers of his right side. ,,Minst can you make it brighter."

Minst frees hand from side of sack, and its fingers snap.

The light illuminates. It shines on the dome stone ceiling carved of a single stone and bored with nine shafts. It shines pushing back the shadows of the shafts at the domes top and the eight around the dome's top. It shines from the dome to the slime cylindar walls teired in steps to the center. It shines the darkness into shafts along the teired levels. It caste shadows from a bars leading teir to teir and climbing to top of dome and up center shaft. It brights the dim around Spear, Minst, Myst, William, Shake, Kirra and Jan. It shows the jagged rock edges around the opening to the of the mud shaft.

,,A sewer," says Minst.

,,Very observant," says Shake. "And there's shit and piss in the cesspool below and all over the rock." Shake walks to metal bars embedded horizontal on stonewall. "I want to know what we're saving ourselves from." Shakes hand shakes and trembles. His body shivers. "And where's Buckey?"

William wipes hand between brestplates and shoulder plates of armor. ,,Buckey's dead."

Mud ozoose and drips from metal edge. 

,,Really?" says Shake. 

,,Yes." 

Shake nods and lowers head. He softly nods head. And sits and looks at ground.

Kirra turns to face William. ,,What frightened you?"

,,An illusion." says William looking at armor.

,,Carlos," says Myst.

William nods and spits on sholder plate and rubs finger over a horse standing on a sword. The mud falls into the crease and contures of the molded hores and sword. ,,It could be."

,,HA," echoes Shake. "I knew that stumpy sheeps was just another DWARF."

William peers at Shake. ,,It could be!" William shakes his chainmail. "It could be you. Or anyone." William flicks hand. "It used many voices. And wasn't there. It claimed to be related to me. It wanted me to join it and lead the goblin horde."

,,Was it a man? A woman?" says Spear.

,,Did you have sex with it?" says Shake.

Myst peers a Shake.

Shake smiles.

,,I think it was an illusion," says William. He sighs.

Shake rolls and bounces hips. ,,As long you believe in it."

,,This is not the time," says Myst.

,,Shake," says William. 

Spear stands and clenches fist. ,,I've knocked you out once."

,,William," says Kirra. "Did this illusion tell you why to lead the goblin hord?"

William says, ,,To conquer the Valley and East and West with goblins to bring back my family to power. There was a map on the table. An illusion map showing everything. The goblins, the town, the camps in the valley. Their coming. Or were coming here. I just don't know. It said it new Carlos. Loved Carlos. And wanted to charm more goblins and drive away all." William looks at Kirra. "It wanted me to be the goblin kig and lead the armies.  I resisted.I was going toward the stairs and i froze. Nex thing I know there's a fire and I go updates and there this disk on a stand that glowing. I knock it over. See more fire and all the goblins. And no way out." William shrugs scraping mud between metal plates. "You had a chance."

,,We're all alive now," says Spear. Spear pulls sword from scabbard and twirls in with one hand by Shake. He smiles then holds the blade to light. "Clean and sharp."

Minst nods. ,,And no goblins." He pulls the disk from large sack. "I have the disk from the poduim."

,,It's magical focus," says Minst. "I think..." He points at Myst. "Well, we think." He sets down sack and holds the disk in hands before him. "I seen one of these use to focus and be the release point for offensive spells and to inhanse defense."

,,And now the charms is gone. The illusion snapped," says Kirra. "So choas and fueds will scatter the goblin tribes."

,,The illusion will return," says Jan.

William nods. ,,Yes." He pauses. "Hellfires burn!" says William. "The map."

,,Map?" says Spear.

,,A map," say William. He huffs out his nose and shakes his head. "It was a map. It was a map of the Valley to its tower or keep. A bath to the small shield. The Small Shield I don't even now if it exists any more."

,,This map," says Shake pulling a wet scroll from fulls of stiff leather armor. 

The map partly unrolls revealing a map of the valley with marks and a key.

,,Shake." says William. "Yes."

,,What's this about the Small Shield being fake," says Myst.

Kirra open pack, opens a seal skin ouch open pulling out dried snake and an apple. And grab the beer stein next to seal pouch. She gives Jan the apple and beer stein.

William looks at apple. He says. ,,I don't know what's real."

Kirra bites snake meat, chews, points to map. ,,Then we kill it we it lives." Kirra chews and shruggs. "The tower was real. The goblin town was real."

,,This is real," says Shake. "All this shit and piss."

Minst points to the jagged and rough opening to the mud shaft. ,,Appears the goblins, the illusion, fancied themselves to be dwarves." He looks around walls and to the dome ceiling. "This is dwarved. The stone architecture is too perfect to be anything else."

,,Were under the mountain," says William.

,,Dwarves," spits Shake. He grabs metal bar and tugs on it.

The metal doesn't move.

Shake smiles. ,,We should climb this here ladder."

Minst points from Shake and follows the ladder over the tiered edges, along the walls to the dome and the vertical tunnel. ,,I see too many missing bars to trust that ladder."

Shake pulls and tugs on two bars. He pivot heads, ,,Theloose ones have fallen out."

,,Or pulled out and used for the ladder down into the goblins sewer," says William.

Shake climbs the ladder slapping and kick at bars fast and sloopy to the next teir. He walk to the edge above and shows his slime covered hands. ,,Slippery, but it leads where I want to go. Up." 

Jan chews apple, swallows, bits and holds apple with mouth, grabs ladder and climbs.

Kirra shoves food in mouth and chews and climbs after Jan.

Shake slaps and kicks futher up the ladder.

Spear slides sword into scabbard. He looks at William. Then he climbs.

,,Please," says Minst. He slides disk into sack and looks up at William then at Myst. "I will go last."

Myst grabs mace and pushing hilt through leather loop on belt, climbs the ladders. 

William looks shoulder to shoulder then walk to the ladder and climbs.

Minst follows with Sack bouncing on back. ,,If this thing wanted you to be the leader of the goblin. And if you say the story of the small shield is fake. Then why create and spread the story. What would this thing gain? If it wanted you to lead couldn't it come get you? And what about Carlos? Why did he need us to get the Small Shiedl if it existed?"

,,Good questions I can't answer. I feel we will see Carlos again, and then we can ask him," says William as he climbs.

The bars set firm in the blocks of the stone wall. Hands and feet slip and slide with step.

Shake climbe the vertical column of bars then climbe the bard of the dome. His hands slap from bar to bar. Feet hang and dangle. His arms swing body back then forth, hands reach and grabs bar then he swings to bar to bar and hangs below the vertical shaft up. ,,I don't think you're going fit Spear!" He reaches and pulls into the darkness of the shaft.

Jan grabs bar embedded into wall, pulls bar, pulls to the next bar with hands and feet. She bites apple during pull of feet and uses a free hand to pull apple from mouth then set it between teeth.

Small bits of slime covers her hand and the apple's skin. The slime taste chewed and chomped into apple mass. 

Kirra, mouth full of dried snakes, climbs and chews. Her hands pull and feet push the bars pulled by Jan. 

Jan, Kirra, Spear, Myst, Minst and William climb to top of one teir then walk over wide ledge to another ladder of bars embedded in walks and climb.

Bight light illuminates. Light pushes back the darkness deeper into the shafts beyond the edges of each teired level. LIght reflects from the water trickling from the shafts over the ledges and down the slant of ledge, down the walls and to the basin below. Light reflects greens and browns from the slime coating the walls and the ladder of bars.

Spear peers at the shafts and slides down the slant of the ledge. Thick slime covers. He peers from shafter to shaft as he climbs behind Kirra. He looks down at Myst, and then behind along the walls and into the safts.

A pain stabs Spear's chest. 

Myst climbs. She stops, tighten straps on pack and climbs.

Minst' sack sways and swing so pouch wedges betweeen Minst and the ladder. Minst pushes. the sack to back, says, ,,Queit."

William nods and climbs. His gauntlet covered hand holding on to bar firm and steady while bar had slips.

The light raises into the vertical shaft following Shake.

Kirra, Spear, Myst, Minst, William climb ladders of each tier then one by one climb with hands aling the dome ceiling following the shaft into the depths.

A pin point light shines before Shake. Dark surrounds. Slime covered walls holds a stink of feces and piss. Ands and feet coverd. They slips and slide one each bar.

A light illuminates below. 

Minst's light rises toward Shake then settles near the opening into the central drain.

Shake climbs fast up the ladder trying to out pace the light reflecting greens and bronws of the slime. Shake looks up and down and climbs. 

The bright light blinds Shake from Kirra crawling in the shaft and up its ladder.

Kirra follows the light bar to bar to back. Her feet dangle.

Spear follows. Then Myst. Then Minst. 

William watches Minst lift legs to bars on the ceiling as he climbes up the shaft.

,,William," says Spear. "Are you coming?"

William breaths. He reaches back and grabs another bar. He steps feet up a step. He tilts head back and reaches back and grabs a bar sticking from the base of the dome. He reaches and grabs par with the gauntlet covered hand and reaches with other hand.

His feet slipd from back. His body hangs. 

The weight of the armor pulls and wieghts. 

William's naked hand slips and pulls. He reaches and grabs and pulls.

Feet sway. Body hangs. 

,,Need help," says Spear. A laugh follows.

Minst climbs down the saft and lowers. ,,You've got it."

William crinches, looks at the dome wall, inahles, exhales and climbs from bar to bar and into the shaft. His armor scratches sides of shields.

Shakes laugh echoes from above. ,,Can't find the opening to herd?"

William wipes sweat and slime from forehead. He looks down into the darkness and climbs.

The climb following the light floating above Shake. Beams of light shine between limbs and arms reaching for the next hold and bar. 

Shakes hands slap and feet kick up ladder like a squire up a tree. 

A bar pulls out. 

Shakes falls, reaches, missing bar. He falls.

Shake falls down the shaft screaming, ,,COMING DOWN!" until his head hits a bar. His body falls limp onto Jan. 

Shake and Jan fall onto Kirra. 

Kirra grabs bar. Her legs push and back presses agains wall. Her body slowly slips down pushing body down and extending arms.

The bar breaks.

Spear shoves shoulder upon Kirra butt and presses up. 

Kirra grabs bar and pushes legs and press back.

,,Can't move," says Jan. "Shake is still."
 
,,SHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!" roars Spear.

The echo fades. Spear and Kirra pushs. 

,,I've got hold," grunts Spear through clenched jaw and with muscles strains.

Kirra pulls up. ,,Can you move Jan."

,,Yes."

,,We have you," says Spear.

Minst and Myst and William climb up and stop under spear.

Minst looks up at Spear's butt. ,,What happened?"

,,Shake," says Spear. "He." He grunts. "He fell."

William climbs to and behind Myst. ,,Jan, Is there room for you to stand on Kirra and slide from under Shake."

,,Yes," says Jan.

Myst elbows William and looks down.

William lowers. ,,Maybe if we all climb under Kirra and Spear we can at least help hold?"

Spear laughs. ,,Kirra, you ready to be stepped."

,,My love my spit on me," Kirra says with a calm slightly strained voice. Her mucsles press back against the shaft. Legs and feet press against shaft. 

,,Any support is good support," says Spear.

Minst stares and looks down at Myt. 

Myst hits Minst ankle and poinst. 

Minst climbs. He pushes off bars and presses back against the shaft wall then shifts and slides against Spear. ,,I don't know how long I can do this," says Minst. "I hurt."

,,Move Jan," says Kirra. 

Myst climbs and presses should against Minst's sagging butt and prushes up.

,,Thanks," says Minsts as Jan begins to shake and shift then lift shakes body. 

Jan grabs metal bars and pulls sliding between shake and the slimy shaft.

Shake flops on Kirra.

,,,Here," Spear says. " He shifts pushing agains Kirra's back. Then pushing back against shaft in a taut hold. "I have both. Do something." He grunts. "Quick."

The pains in Spear stabs chest. 

,,Jan," say Kirra. 

Jan grabs Shakes arm. Kirra presse back with legs and pushing on Shake's back.

Shake's body lifts, and Jan pulls Shake's arms between bars up to his arm pits.

Kirra reaches and grabs bars and pulls chest against Shakes back pressing Shake against the bars.

Jan looks down. ,,I will climb and test the strenght."

,,I can climb and lift him," says Spear. He looks back at Minst. His side pumps pain with beat of heart.

Minst looks at Myst.

Myst looks at William.

William and Myst climb down the ladder of bars.

Spear grabs his side. 

Kirra climbs down until shoulder is near Shake's waist. With a free arm, she pulls shake from the ladder and over her shoulders. 

Shake falls over Kirra's shoulder.

Kirra wraps arm around Shake. She climbs with feet pushing and one hand grabing and pulling.

Jan leads pulling on each bar and the others climb all peering at Kirra and Shake hung over her body.

Blood drips from Shakes head past Minst and Myst and upon William's head.

,,Is he alive," says William.

,,Maybe," says Kirra. 

The light rises in the shaft. 

They follow the light. They reach the top of the shaft.

Jan climbs from the shaft and stares down watching KIrra's slow ascent. And she waits and watches then reaches as Kirra nears. She grabs Shakes waist and pulls. 

Kirra pushe and shoves Shakes body from should.

Shake lays out over the stone ground.

Kirra crawls and lays on the ground closing eyes and breathing slow and steady.

Minst, Myst and William climb out. 

William lays on stone and looks above the shaft at the wheel with rope wrapped around endiging in sphere.

,,A rope," says William.

,,A plumb," says Minst. He looks down the shaft. "To measure the depth of the sewage below."



