Goblinkin soldiers push  Myst, Spear and Guilee  and drag William, Kirra and Myst along dark dry hall to bars.

John the Goblins says loud as as fumbles with keys into a lock. ,,Welcome to Center Pits.'' He twist keys. ''Welcome to your new home. It's a single room room to live. There is dust and bones for furniture and walls.'' John the goblins cackle howls and snorts.

A gate of bars squeaks and swings open to a circle light.

Bright light shines and blinds the sight seeing up.

Then darkness finds moans and coughs and silent whispers for ,,Food, food...''

John the goblinkin slaps jeweled dagger blade against jail cell. ,,I say queit as you master.''

Soldiers slap short swords against the bars and click and clack.

Piss and shits fumes flow.

Myst stops step. A shield presses and pushes back. She stumble steps. 

Some one gags and spits.

John of the Goblinkin cackle howls.

A soldiers stabs short sword between bars.

A gasp and dying breathe wheezes. Blood cough splats near Guile's foot.

A cirle of light shines upon an intescetion of brink and bars.

The sandy floor slides under foot and pack. Dust floats through the bright light spot.

John the Goblin's talk begins with th elight. ,,Hight above you will see the sun when you fight or work. Mine you are now. Mine you are to command and control. You have no rights, but mine.'' John of the Goblinkin cackle howls. It sniffs and gags. 

Myst looks up. See bright while like. Shield hits Myst's back. Myst stumbles and steps and walk into the dark and to a stands.

A small shield then two press against Myst and push her to dark.

John of the Goblinkin rattles keys and grabs bars.

Clicks and clacks snap.

Soldiers drag Minst, William and Kirrra into to cell.

Soldiers press tips of short shords against Spear.

Spear steps past the bars and into the dark.

Myst follows with Guile a quick shovel behind.

A howl cackle slips and snips. ,,In you go. In you go from Shit.''

John of the Goblins pulls small ball of light from pack and tosses it into cell. ''Prisoners of shit.'' John's cackle howl steps away with soldiers and john of the goblin kin.

The ball of light rolls to a stop by Guile. The ball of light illuminates dust coveren concrete and flat walls. Bits of dust cloths war around bones and dried flesh.

Guile picks up the light and holds it in hands. ,,We are far under ground. Our distance to top is great.'' He raises the light. ''You see Myst?''

Myst looks at the bright ball of light. ,,I can see the light and the dark, but no lines will play for my sight song.''

,,Do you hear a song?'' says Guile. ''I heard song, but I don't hear no more.''

Myst says, ,,I hear only my song to see. I hear the song to be, but no song sings from Reighn.''

,,Needs a dwarven dities to guide to the depths.'' Guile clears throat and spit. Dry spit sticks to lip. ''I want water.''

Guile feels in heart thumps and consrict chest. He gasp and clenches fist. The beathes and coughs.

,,Guile,''s ays Myst. ''What feeling causes the pain.''

,,A feeling of pain of heart.'' Guile wipes mouth with robe sleeve. ''The Heart Dagger Beats. ...Hunger...'' Guile sits and stands. ''Spear can you break these bars?''

Spear sits and lookst to the ground.

Myst hums and touches Myst Willaiam over face. She feels the heat from Kirra's brusies on neck.

William, Minst and Kirra sleep...

Soldiers pass...

Guile looses thought through a floating hunger haze of pain. He sleeps. His heart beats.

Guile's heart beat beats in Myst's mind as a song. 
 
Myst  humms between state of dream and wake.

Spear sits and stares away life and feels the dark of the body and cold of the cell.

The cell remain queit and louds. 

A cart is rolled past with a basin and hose. Soldiers march and step. Louds clicks and clacks echo past. A shout and cry are heard then muffled. 

Torches lead the sight of a dwarf being drug across the ground until the torche lite fades for darkness.

The ball of light glows from Guile's hands. The llight beams shines on William' face.

Guile snores.

William wakess with hear thumbing and pumping pain. He sneezea, and pain presses and pushes. ,,Spear were does my body lie? And is there water to wet my dry mouth.''

Spear's hear stares. Spear is awake but lost in his stares. He hears William. ,,Prisoners.''

,,Prisoners?'' William lifts. ''Where have we gone since those cowards shocked me to sleep.'' He pushes to a sit. Head throbs.  William  pulls and siides back to wall. ''Be there a way for us to leave this place with force or fight, so we may not rot.''

Willaim deep voice wakes Guile.  

Guile holds his snore and listens laying still.

,,Spear,'' says William. ''You manner is like you have lost a battle with a goblins.''

Spear sits still.

''Kirra,'' says William. He leans ahten kneels by Kirra. ''Kirra's body lays still... Spear?''

Spear says while looking at the ground. ,,She resisted.''

William leans to Spear. ,,She resist what?''

Spear look to ground. 

,,Cowards,'' mutters William as he crawls and looks aver kirra. He hears her breathe and sits back. ''Cowards.''

A fumes of shit flow and sting. ,,Master.'' John of the Goblinkin. ''We are you masters. There...'' He licks lips. ''There is a differenst. We control you. We are not afraid of you.'' John of the Goblinkin taps Jeweld dagger blade against jail bars.

William leaps from ground strides to bars and punches guantlet fist. Fist misses John's face. 

John stumbles and falls. He cackle howls and scrambles to a stands.

,,I,'' he points knife tip to chest. ''I am your. Master. I am the one who guided you here. I am the shit smeel leader with this shit smeling begins.'' John likc tongue over pointed teeth.

Minst neck and hands throb with the cackle howl of John of the Goblinkin.  ,,Where are we?''

,,Prison.'' John the goblins strikes the bars with Jeweled Dagger.

Guile's thump beat for Heart Dagger thumps for hte Jeweled Dagger.

John of the Goblinkin rattles bars with Jeweled Dagger. 

The bars ring then one thunks hollows when hit by the blade of the dagger blade hitting cell bars.

Guile look at the dagger and the bar that thunks.

John of the Goblinkin looks at William. ,,Fling that fist near.''

William stands.

''Beauty boy owned by shit, swing those fists.'' John of the Goblinkin licks pointed teeth and stares at William.

William stands.

Myst whisltes. 

The whistle echoes and pokes. It pokes Minst's throb to pop and sooth. It shockes William to relaxe fist. It wakes Kirra from deep dream of a tree growing in a swamp. It deflates Guile's hearth thump and yearn. It sounds through Spear. 

Spear hears the sounds loud and long sing through the veins. His heart beats and thumps. Muscles throb. 

The whistle's echo fades, and Spear slumps and stares at ground.

Kirra wakes from ground and silently rolls steps to a stand.

,,STOP,'' shouts John of the Goblinkin as he presses palms and dagger hilt against ear. He sneeers and points dagger.

,,Free us,'' says William. ''And you will live.''

A loud click ehcoes through dark to light. A shout of ,,COME,'' is.

John of the Goblinkin cackle howls and snifes and slaps bars.

Bars rings. ,,I will live even if shit is flushed or washed.'' John of the Goblins stands and rises hunched head. ''You are not the master.'' John points to self with dagger tip. ''I am the master.'' He points dagger tips at William. ''You are the slave.''

William stands with the whisle echoing, echoing, echoing. He stares and looks beyond John.

KIrra steps skips and punches at John.

John step back and stabs.

Tip of Jewelled dagger cuts Kirra's palm.

Six soldiers in black steps from shadow to sihlouettes.

Shout echos past and distant chains rattle.

,,That'll be you,'' says John. ''You think you special because of prices. you think you special because of you masters. You are not special. You are owned by shit.''

Kirra steps from cell.'' John of the Goblins stands and rises hunched head. ''You are not the master.'' John points to self with dagger tip. ''I am the master.'' He points dagger tips at William. ''You are the slave.''

William stands with the whisle echoing, echoing, echoing. He stares and looks beyond John.

Kirra stands by bars.

Two short swords tips boke Kirra. Two swords aim for William. 

A march of boots clomp over sand covered stone. 

Small balls of light hove to balls of light shining on bars, stone arches and a group of marching soldiers.

,,Johivodeglickin,'' says a deep voice.

,,Who's that?'' says Minst.

,,You other master,'' says John of the Goblinkin.




