The public house spans four floor from wooden walkway to wooden roof. Below the wooden room is a row of windows a door and a deck from end to end, above another level of windows and doors and a deck, above another level of windows and doors and a deck, above the wood walkway with chairs windows and doors walking inside.

A few people lean on the rails and drink from steaming cups. Their lean follows their stare upon the tent and leantos cluttered along the mud road between the wood walkways and buildings.

A shanty town of patched hide tents and branch woven leantos spread from the Public House to the ends of cross roads to the trees and the fields.

Small columns of smoke rise between the tents and leantos. People sit on buckets and rocks. They hold sleeping babies and eat with kids while sitting on rocks. 

Foot wide paths walk between the tent, lenatos and wooden boards along the wide road. 

Coughs and somes snors fill the morning sounds as sounds of glasses ringing and people shouting from the pub fill the morning sounds.

Sun light castes building shodows upon the pack.

Ize steps to the wooden walk way and waves arm. ,,This way.''

The follow Iza clop mover slat sidewalk past a windows with sausage, dried intestine, dried beef strips, a sign of a cow and a lemuk. 

Kirra, Spear, Myst and William stares at the sausage.

Bins of beats, squash, pumpkin, sassel, root and cabbage and onions. 

Two people look at the onions using beam of sun light to see.

,,Sean has the best sausage,'' says Iza as he flops an arm to point to the hanging sausage.

They walk past a building with no windows, iron door and door frame and iron slates like bars up and down walls. A coin with lines radiating around the coin is etched into the steel and wood above the door.

The walk up creaking steps and along a squeak less wooden walk way before large windows showing tables and chairs.

Men and a woman sit around a table eating with shagged shoulders, dirt stained skin. Patched cloths hang from bones and flesh. Sunken eyes stare above the spoons, bowls, fingers shoving strings of meat and hunks of potatoes on mouth.

Windows glare the morning sun and shine the name Public House.

People huddle on walkway and smoke pipes and cigarettes. People step from tents and stretch. People rub arms warm and blow puffs of steam into cubbed hands. 

One stomps feet and shivers. 

Smoke clouds.

The huddle group move from the path of Iza and the Pack.

Iza guides the pack to doors, opens doors and holds a door as the pack walks into the Public House.

A whiff then a cloud of grease and sugar flow to a sweat smell of cinimon and butter.

A wide floor of tables and chairs spread around a circle center bar to a wall. Wall flows to balcony and stairs to balcony. A balcony to door and a hall. 

Three men with mucsles and scars strapped with studded leather armor and belts with shining scabbards and sword hilts. One man wears a cross of daggers over his chest as he flexes. He muscles more cut, but small than Spear's muscle sweating under hide coat.

A man with tray and pitcher pours water to wooden mugs. He pickup a wooden bowl and wooden spoon.

The eyes of a cowering man with raven black air peer at the man as he takes the bowl.

The group's chatter fall silent as they stare a the pack.

The pack enter after Iza. Spear walks past Iza as to a long table near wall.

William looks a back and turns until he sees the hill of mud then follows the smell of bread inside the Public House.

Iza stops and points near the circular bar and a waving girl. He waves and grins and pooints after Spear.

Bacon and bread fumes fill the room with a sent of sage and cherry smoke.

Bowls of soup steam and staks of pancakes stand cut before man and women.

William and Kirra follow Spear. Each part around tables seeing the two men hiding knives in sleeves by the bar, to see a mage looking through the window, a man in black cloak hung back on sword hilt, three loaded cross bows behind bar.

Minst looks and steps. Feet hit chair bottome. Bag hits seat tops and the back of a man sitting and staring at steaming food. He nods and looks a Myst.

Myst, who felt the fear sing from the minds and the mannerisms of the men and women of the bar. She hears the heart beats slow and fast as the eyes look from person to person to being as the song sing to the men along the walk way and rail above the tables singing no body language or expression like ghosts. She taps her drum soft and pings a few stares.

The stares follow the pack, and they stare at Jan.

Jen's algea cloak fume of dirt and mold as the cloak hold tight along her breasts and hips walking the eyes from door to the table.

Spear, William and Kirra sit with backs to wall and eyes staring over the tables and through the windows. Minst, Myst and Jan sit in chairs.

The smell of strawberries and syrup seep through nose to mind and push the hollow hunger pain through body.

Iza steps and smiles and looks at the bar. ,,Here, yes. There.'' Iza looks back to a man behind the bar. The man behind the bar stares up at the three large men standing on the walkway above. The men on the walk way above peer at William and Spear.

''Over,'' says Iza looking at the man quick walking around table and chairs. ''Here.'' Iza smiles. ''Yes.''

The man wares a red jacket and black pants. A red tied hand around neck and along the ties of a shirt. His parted hair sticks to scalp like a past. His narrow and long face frames the eyes to pin points.

,,Do you want to sit,'' says William.

,,Yes,'' says Iza. He half bows and scratches head and steps back.

The man with red jacket but one forarm behind back and one forearm over stomach. He bows. ,,Erlin, how my I be of help to you?''

,,Erlin,'' says Iza. He looks at Erlin then shutters and shakes and looks and poinst at, ''These. They. they saved Allen while checking the lake.''

,,Food,'' says William. ''Food.''

,,Food,'' says Erlin. ''What kind of food may we prepare for you this morning?''

,,Fruits, bread, meat,'' says Spear. 

Erlin smiles. ,,We serve a varity of plates-''

,,Food,'' says Kirra.

Iza steps to Erlin. ,,I can go and-''

Erlin smiles and claps hands. ,,I will bring fruit and bread.''

,,Bacon,'' says William. ''I want bacon.''

,,Stew,'' says Kirra.

,,Stew is brewing,'' says Erlin. ''but stew you will have when it is ready to eat.''

He looks from Spear to William to Kirra to Myst to Minst and Jan. 

Jan pulls pack from back and sets pack open on table. Her hand jams into pack and pulls out a potato sized brown mass that fumes of dirt and must. She bites and chews.

All stare and feel the hunger pain seep through their bodies.

Erlin walks from table with a final nod. 

Iza pulls a chair from table and slides it with squeak across the foor and between Jan and William. ,,What's in the canyon,'' says Iza.

,,Nature,'' says Spear. 

,,Death,'' says Jan after swallowing.

Misnt opens mouth for question then sees the peer of Kirra. He shuts mouth.

They sit. Eyes and minds close and open. They stare away the smells of blueberry syrup, frying butter, eggs, ham. 

They watch a group of men and women wearing suits and dresses ripped and caked with mud limb and walk into the Public House. They inspect a trio wearing swords and holding bows laugh and sit near the table. They peer around the bar and glance along the doors along the wall. They stare at Erlin as he shines glasses and clears the bar top after a couple leave.

Iza stares and looks. His eyes dart around the Public House. He widens eyes when staring across the group seeing jaws pulse, foreheads wrinkle, mouths squeeze and eyes stare at Erlin.

Iza looks over the group. ,,I need to go be the runner if there is still danger.'' He half bows then rises and raises and arm and lowers head. 

,,Thank you, Iza,'' says William.

,,I thank you for you are the savior,'' says Iza as he stumbles against a bench and then steps looking back to door.

Hunger burns through thoughts. Faint waves flow through bodies. Stomach bubble and grumble.

A tray of bread and fruit raise from behind the bar.

Erlin grabs and lifts the tray of food above head and walk from bar and between tables.

They stare at the apples, cheese, muffins, bread rolls, steaming potatoes and a plate of bacon.

Eyes growing and smiles spread.

Two people enter the Public House.

A laughter fast and falsetto peirces Myst's mind and aims her sight to a skinny, shaking, sweating, rag dress man talking and pointing and looking at Myst and William with a hooked grin.

William smiles, looks to the door, stands and raises hand. 

,,Shake,'' says Myst with a sigh.



