Guile died in the whilte sheet cage in the desert while William, Kirra, Minst and Spear when running over the sand for the hunt and training.

Guile watched William, Kirra, Minst and Spear run from the cage over the desert with John of the Goblinkin.
 
Guile kneeled and gagged on swollen dry thraot. Guile's swollen nostrils closed.

Guile fell on the sand and watched the pack from over the horizen. He felt light and free. Then he felt nothing.

All is dark.

Everything is bright white light that stings Guile's eyes. 

,,Gribml gloa,'' say Guile.

Guile breaths and coughs. His throat constricts.

He rolls over cool glass shinning bright as sun over the desert.

Senator Ring's homy soothed voice eases the burn of light on Guile's eyes and throb of head. Senator Ring sees to Guile's mind. >You are not in your dwarven heaven cavern running around with the other rats.<

Guile sees to Senator Ring while smacking pasty lips and mouth. >Need this be bright?<

The light dims.

>The light shines to give shock to the sight. The light helps the healers know you can see and not only sleep,< sees Senator Ring to Guile's mind. >|I don't know the reason for the light.<

The light dims near the shade of dust.

Guile blinks away the bright. >Food. Water.< Guile coughs. He gries to clear the mucs from thraot, but gags and coughs.

>You will have food and water soon enough,< sees Senator Ring.

Sweat peas and moss fumes spread.

Guile sneezes. His head thumps and rings. He holds his head against the vibrating pain. He clenches jaw and thought, >Why alive?<

The blurring dim focus's around a large sihlouette.

>Why are you alive?< says Senator Ring. He taps on forehead. >|You have a thought I want to think?<

Guile rolls on back and peers. His head throbs and body feels to flake. His lungs breathe heave. ,,Hilos.'' He coughs.

>You speak surface talk thoughts,< sees Senator Ring. Senator Ring steps closer to Guile from the sihlouette. >|You will need to learn surface talk if you are to surv
ive living within this city or any city to the rise.<

Guile lifts. His head sways and dips, and body feels to drop and shake. Guile lays. >Why alive?<

Moss and cherry fumes flow...

Senator Ring steps close to Guile. His big boots stand by Guile's head. Senator Ring looks at Guile. >I want what's in your mind.<

Guile sits on table. He coughs. >Nothing in mind.<

>You are too kind with complements to youself, and you are smart enough to realize I have seen you mind for time longer than the walls of Goblin City or the village and swamps of (PLACEOFVILLAGEANDSWAMP).<

Guile clears thoguhts and stairs, says, ,,Water.'' He forces a cough. His feet hits bottles.

Bottles roll.

Senator Ring steps from Guile. ,,You will have all the water you want once you show me how you perform the Troll Death Moan.'' Senator Ring kicks a bundle of cloth.

The bundle spreads the Robe of Reighn. The Robe of Reighn spreads over the follor in a poll of liquid.

,,I,'' says Guile. He feels a slight pain after heart beats.

Senator Ring puts a hand over his moutn.

>I can't,< sees Guile from the open desert of his mind. He pushes to knees and falls against the wall with an umph.

Senator Ring stands above. He steps on the Rope of Reighn. He stares.

>|Too weark. Food. And focus. And I...< Guile look at Senator Ring.

They stare.

Guile sees, >It is...Too calm.<

Senator Ring steps and kicks Guile's face.

Guile's head snaps and slaps the back of the room. Guile presses hands agains heart. ,,Heart Dagger.''

,,You die,'' says Senator Ring.

,,No,'' says Guile. >No.< Guile puts hand on jaw and tastes the blood on lip. He look at Senator Ring. >|head hurts. Body weak.< Guile puts hand on stomach. >|I can show you. I can't control. The song calm. Too weak to not want to feel to long. To weak to control to show.<<
b,,You want food,'' says Senator Ring. He lowers and smiles. >|YOu show me the troll death moan.< He points at Guile. >|I give you live.<

>|Rest,< sees Guile. >|the heart dagger. Where is it.<

Senator Ring laughs, steps over the Robe of Reighn. >You eat. You rest. You will be free when spread the troll death moan.<

>Free?< sees and feel Guile to Senator Ring. >|Free. Where am I?<

Senator Ring steps and stands near the shining wall. >Glass City of Gnomes under the desert sands. You are here.< Senatro Ring smiles and steps into the light wall.

Guile sits. He drinks from vial. He coughs and cags. He swallows. Throat scratch. Lips itch froma dead dry skin.

The lights shine dim. Rays shine around the Rope of Reighn and a small bundle.

Guile drinks the water and stares at the room. He sleeps with the light shining.

He wakes during the dark. He hears and feels a hum coming through the walls.

A tray with a plate and a bowl slide for light walls and hits against the Rope of Reighn on the floor. Steam rises from the mounds of potatores and lanb. Fume blow around.

Guile lifts body, and body shockes pain that spreads then numbs to body. His arms reach and cramp.

Guile rolls from wall

His body cramps. All muscles pull and twist. Arms and legs bend.

Guile rolls trying to pull the body straight.

Muscles cramp and locke. The pain numbs.

Guile through through mind and from the pain of all the muscles pulls at frame. Shouts and the shout echos and slaps Guile's mind into the pain of the cramps.

The cramps pull and pull.

Guile sweats and clenches teeth.

The muscles release on by one.

The body lays. 

Guile rolls to his robe of Rieghn then reaches with sore arm addn grabs the tray.

He grabs a cold leg of lamp and eats. He sits. He eats the lamb, the srint leaves, the potatoes. 

He burps and swallows a bit of bile.

He crawls to wall and rests aagainst wall. He sits and staires. He reaches and grabs the bundle.

The bundle opens around guile. A rolled vest, a silk shirt, tough cotton and hid pands. A belts and suspends roll in wrapped balls to the floor.

A Mountain Giant Woven Fleece blanket gleeming white against the dim light.

In the center of the fleece is a pouch.  

Guile opens the pouch finding a few Waterdeep coins. 

Guile hilds up the warp of the bundle.

The wrap is the black size of a body suit with pockets around the body and legs.

,,The Branching Armor,'' says Guile. He burps adn looks at his body.

Dirty white sheets hands from hairy dirty body. Lines and rings of dirt stain face and handds. He is stomach hands lights with a few rolls of loose flesh hanging. 

Guile coughs. He stans and presses against the walls feeling only cold from the dim glowing walls.

Guile sits. he bundles the branching armor to a ball, puts it unders head and sleeps.

Bright light shines. White caste all around.

Guile blinks away the pain. 

The pain with beat of heart pumps stress pain a few moments through the day.

A blob of black lay near with bits of dark over the bottom of the white lights.

Guile squints.

Guile squints.

Walls of lights shine around. 

A jug and cup rest near the robe of Reighn. A platter of bread and cheese with bits of meat.

Guile eats and drinks the water from the jug. He chews and pours some water over hands.

Muddy water drips from fingers and spreads over the floor. 

Guile sits aagainst wall. He swallows and bounces head in a beat up then stands up with a grunts and a maon from mouth. ,,Guile sore maon,'' says Guile as he stands.

Legs buckle. Guile stumbles and skips to a stand, hits walls. 

He walks the walls feeling only cold glass. He closes eyes and pushes a through of a light shining from mind.

The ligh shines from mind and illuminates the body. The light shines with the lights.

Guile's feels the light radiate from him and to him. He feels an emotion of tired, a tensions of hate, a calm of staring and a cycling through echoing through all that burns like fire and shines upon the cube Guile is in.

Guile sees through eyes only the light. 

There is dark where the Robe of Reigh lays, and Guile sits on it.

He gathers the bundle  and pushce and looks at them. Then he stands and pulls at the edges of the Rope of Reigh over the floor covert most of the center of the light cube. 

Guile eats the bread and fruits. He drinks. He looks at the cloths and the branching armor. 

He swallows last bit of food. He burps and swallows back the pile and the burn. He he sits with legs cross and cloese eyes.

Guile feels the smell of cinimmon. He blinks away the dark with the bright.

,,You open your mind Guile,'' says Senator.

The light dims.

Senator Ring kneels before Guile. >You will not see the light as bright.<

Guile hears the mind voice of Senator Ring into Senator Ring's mind. Whispers and laughter fill Guile's mind.

In Guile's mind: A LOUD SCREAM!

Guile's muscles cramp and pull.

Senator Ring laughs. >|You remain from my mind or you will die.< He stands and steps around Guile.

A sihlouette stands behind Senator Ring.

The sihlouet steps to sight.

A hugoblins with but and breasts that curve with a black leather body suit.

Her hair falls over naked shoulders and around an oval face like like an elf. She stand shorter than Senator Ring, but only by a head. Her long legs walks on stilletoes clikc over the glass floor.

>|Guile, you see before you LovteKitLkoi.< sees the Senator as he steps back.

Two more sihlouttes appear. The two sihlouettes become csoldiers holding a shaking mass.

>|You need to create a Troll Death Moan to find a freedom with the life I have given to you,< sees Senator Ring. >|You will also pay your debt for the distruction to the hotel.<

Guile breathes and coughs.

The two soldiers toss the struggling bundle against the wall.

Senator Ring waves a hand.

The two soldiers steps back and into the glowing wall.

Guile looks at the wiggling mass.

The mass in about half the 

LovteKitLkoi steps near the bundle and pulls a rope and then yanks it.

The rope pulls in the blundel and the canvas wrapping. 

A goblin with mouth, wrists and ankles chain rolls and hits the walls. Muffled clicks and clacks clang wit the chains.

Goblins shit and piss fumes.     

Guile gags and coughs. He covers mouth.

Senator Ring steps back and raises a neckerchief to mouth. >|Love will be my mind. She will be you master as you are now my servant.<

The goblins shakes heads back and forth and pounds forehead agasint ground.

Guile pushes from ground and stands. He steps from Love and hte goblins while squinting at Senator Ring. >Need time. Body weak.< He mouth breathes. He steps on ankle.

Guile's ankles stabs pain. He knee buckles and he falls to the ground over the robe of Reighn.

The goblins reaches with claws and swipes at Guile.

Senator Ring sees, >|Or the little goblin my show you its claws of scraping.<

Love steps and kiccks the goblins's face and stabs stelleto heel into its plam. She looks at the chained goblin.

The chained goblin stares a Love. It pulling and slinding feet go still. It's muffled clicks silence.

Chained goblins lays.

Senator read smiles and pulls red rope closed. >|Guile, you will show LovteKitLkoi the Troll Death Mode or die trying.< Senator Ring raises the handkerchief. >|You need to show LovteKitLkoi while you kill this chained being.<

,,What...'' Guile clears dry throat and spits.

Spit hangs from mouth to floor.

Guile breaks the spit strain and wpes hand on Robe of Reighn.

Senator Ring stands over Guile. >You kill this goblins. You show LovteKitLkoi the troll death moan.< Senator Ring steps from Guile and into the wall of light. >|Else you will die again.<




