Two elves and three haflings grab Myst and carry her along the hall.

Two huge harry humans grab William and drag him toward Spear's nest.

Myst tries to shout, but hand holds nose and mouth shut. Lungs buurn. Myst hums through hnad and body.

An orc warrrior naked and fat pulls aside hide door and stares at Myst struggling past. The hide door falls closes.

Willliam shouts, ,,MYST!'' as he is pulled into the nest of Spear.

Spear and Kirra run through halls. They hear William. They push aside a warrior, gladiators. The run from hall, to the wane.

Spear hits a cart and runs along hall over rugs and halls.

Kirra and Spear sees through the dim light glowing from globes and sees a group with a struggling sihlouette run into the dim of the distant hall.

They run past Spear's nest.

Spear smells William. Kirra hears William struggle.

William shouts as he his face is punched. ,,SAVE MYST.''

Spear smells Myst sweat fume with the piss and sweat of halfing and elves. He runs along hte house.

William struggles muffled in the 

Kirra stpeps toward the short hall the Spear's nest.

Spear squeaks and runs after Myst.

Kirra hears Myst's thraot vibrate. She feels the fingers of Diamond Warriors pulling her flesh open in Blue's Canyons. She remember the feeling of being held for rape by the game. She remember Jan's struggle. She runs along the hall toward Myst with Spear.

Kirra and Spear run away from William and the two huge hair humans and an elf who wraps a cord around Wiliam's neck as one hairy human.

Kirra and Spear run the hall.

The gang with Myst carries her long another hall and toward the showers. 

A group of gladiators stop wrestling and watch. Then stare. Then look at each other and grapple, flip and spare.

Two soldiers stand by door with shields held high watchiing Spear and Kirra run narrow hall to long bright hall.

The hall is empty and three leaps wide and twice the heigh of Spear.

Light shines between tapestries of fighting beings. 

Spear sniffs.

Spear smells Myst's sweat float. He lowers to all fours. His body shifts mucles and bones. Arms become legs. Hands become paws. Spear runs after the smell.

Kirra follows seeing and hearing a quiet follow. 

They run with Myst's smell to a hall.

Myst is carried down a dark hall. Hide doors brush over body as hands grip and pull on arms, legs and breasts. Myst hums.

A hand squeezes around throat. Clicks and clacks spreadds from lips and tonues. A gargliing voice says, ,,Quiet your song. It will be last.'' The voice coughs.

The coughs leads.

Another hide door bursh over Myst.

There is light, a hall like the hall near Spear's nest. 

Then they run to a wood door.

The wood door is opened. Hinges creak. 

Myst is tossed into darkness. She hits hard floor and slides of glass.

The wood door is shut.

Spear smells Myst's sweat flow around door. He leaps.

The wood door shattters.

Myst stand in the dark and hums to light.

Light shines in the room illumincating, pullies, rope, rods, wheels and shelves of tools.

Spear and Kirra stand in room before Myst.

Myst says, ,,Where is William?''

William lays face down in Spear's nest of feces, piss, staw and fabric.

An elf holds cord around William's neck. A bag covers William's guantlet fist.

William kicks the knife in a hairy human's shoudlers. A bag is slid over Wiliam's guantlet fist.

Two huge hairy humans hold William down.

William says, ,,Can't be good if thought bad.''

William is raped.
