
Mounds and hills of trash spread through a vaste cistern with columns spanning from arch to stone arch reachin to an arch peak taller than the trees of the swamp.

Trash spreads from the portal tube down with the ladder. The trash is mashed around the stone podium that spans a wide step from center to edge. From it's edge the stone podium drops to a base covereed with trash.

Piles of mushroom, onion, beet, potatoes, leaks, lettuces raise and lower in waves of trash becoming wood scraps, steel shards, broke rope, torn sheets and rotting flesh and animal skin.

Minst thinks of light above Kirra.

The light flow from the base of the ladder through the tube, by Shake, Myst, Spear, Jan, William, Kirra and to the high ceiling.

Kirra covers eyes and grabs onto a metal bar moutned in a rough stone floor. She pulls and lets the bright dim to a calm brilliance illuminating trash.

Myst's stomach convulses as Spear helps her from the tube. She inhales rotting onion and potatoe full of cheese and musky bread mold.

Minst covers nose and fights to stop the inhale.

William pukes into trash. 

The puke settle an is lost through the rolling hils of trash.

Shake pinches nose. ,,Maybe we should look down the other hallways."

The rage in Williams mind is pushed with stink. He nods and looks at Shake.

Shake glances at William then looks away.

William looks at Myst and walks over to offering a hand. 

Myst spits and stands. 

Jan and Kirra stand at the edge of the platfrom and peer into the darknes.

At the dim edge of the light, a ball of trash tumbles from pea and spreads before it hits base. 

Large human ssilhouette appear and dissappear behind two peaks.

Two pair of bright lights the size of fist appears then disappear.

Jan looks at Kirra and Kirr and looks at Jan. 

,,We are not alone," says Kirra. 

,,Maybe we should inspect those other tunnels," says Shake.

William nods. He kneels by Myst. ,,Do you need help climbing down?"

Myst lifts head, pushes at William's shoulder. 

William stands. ,,Fine." He peers at Minst then glances and Myst.

Minst plugs nose and holds lungs, nods, and holds breath and he steps down the ladder. He waves at Myst and he climbs down stuffing component bags

,,And take the light," says Kirra.

,,We should inspect the other halls." William's stomach quivers. "I will make this my home if it would mean a way to freedom, but if there is another way around the trash then I prefer it."

Spear nods.

Jan stares along the edge of light.

Myst grabs and climbs ladder.

Shake is standing at the edge of the podium. He stares over the mounds of trash. His knife is pulled and blade tip is pressed between thumb and index finger.

,,Shake," says William.

Shake looks to William.

"I need your help," says Wililam.

,,Me," says Shake. "Do you needs someone's face to grab?"

,,You were annoying, Shake."

Shake nods. ,,I am an annoying person." 

William steps the shaft and looks downs.

Minst and Myst climb down.

With William's walk to the tube, the light contacts and is stuffed into the tube illuminating the tube and the trash ground below. 

William grabs ladder, says, ,,We will check out the other rooms."

Shake spins knife, catches knife and slides knife in sheath.

Kirra nods. Her form a silhouette. ,,We will remain and watch.

Shake stands by William and climbs on to ladder down.

The light spreads from top of tube to bottom of tube and spreads around the ladder base illuninating the mound of trash and the scurry and scamper of rats.

Minst grabs guano pack and component bag of silk. He scan the ground below and he lower step by step.

The cold bars slick with slime.

,,Why am I going first," says Minst soft to self.

The sound of speak carries to Myst, who hears and says. ,,Reighn this is no end."

She looks down trying to feel the path or the way beyond the anger in her mind. An anger the grips the ladder bars and warms the cold. ,,Reighn," says Minst at a whisper. "If there be below our fate to die then let that fate be mine."

William's armor scrapes against stone and against armor. 

She glances at William.

Shake glares at Myst intercepting her stare. 

Myst looks down.

Shake looks down. He scratches mud locked hair and grabs each ladder step to clench away the tremor in his hands. He feels cold. Breath becomes shallow. He steps down and grabs another slime covered bar. His grib frim and still.

A shiver flows from bottom of spine to top of spine spreading through arms.

Shake hears Myst's whispers and William's scraping armor. The scraping digging deep in mind create an itch behind the eyes. 

Shake scratech head and climbs down gripping the tremor from hand.

William's feet follow Shake's hands. He sees the slight tremor in Shake's hand. A sigh escapes and his head pivots side to side. 

William climbs down looking down then up trying to find distant noises through the scrapping of shoulder armor. 

The gauntlet warms his hand and grips each ladder bar firm and fast. 

The slime slips in grip of naked hand.

Spear steps over tube's entrance and looks down and nods.

The light lowers pulling away from Kirra, Jan and Spear

Darkness covers the mounds and hills of trash, rats scurying, slime covered stone, Kirra standing with sword and dagger in hand, Jan standing with staff end planted agains ground, Spear looking down the shaft the through the darkness.

The stench fills light's void giving definition to trash beyond the sight.

The scrapes of William's armor echo fraint from tube top.

Spear closes eyes and steps from the portal to the edge of the stone podium.

Sounds of rats burrowing into cloths and rope are heard to the left. To the right, heavy, but skinny feet are heard scampering over the peaks of trasn mounds and hills.

Behind, Spear feels the presence of a group of beings. The feeling spreads from body to mind. He pivots and closes eyes. He feels the humid tench stick to skin and wieght about body. 

Sqeaking and a low whisper are heard between the scrap of William's armor.

Spear hears the breath of Jan and Kirra.

Jan and Kirra stand at opposite ends of the podium and stare across the trash.

Jan watches rats scurry from trash to trash twitching. 

At the top of  distant mount a large rat crawls over the peak and stands on top. Its nose twitches and long whisker vibrate.

The rat, as large as Jan, peers from the mound. Its big round eyes remain still.

Another large rat appears near the other. They both squeek and twitch noses then scurry away creating small trash sides.

Jan hits bottom of staff against the ground twice.

Kirra nods. She watches three large rats poke their nose and whiskers from piles of trash and peer from the trash camoflauge. She taps sword tip three times aaginst the ground. 

The light around the rim of the tube down fades and lowers through the tube pulling darkness past William, Shake, Myst and Minst.

Minst steps into the mount of trash. 

The light spreads from the tube and pushes the light back the darkness covering the four halls surrounding the ladder.

Minst truns head and holds small component bags in hand. His mind focuses on a blurred shape of a scribbled drawing. As the thought spreads a feeling of calm and pleasure as the thought hones, he steps from the ladder through the trash. 

The trash spreads down each all thinning to piles and peices pushed against the wall.

Pipes run parrellel along wall as the pipe enter and exit the ceiling.

Myst steps from ladder and gages. She inhales and holds breath. She walks from the ladder. She exhale. Her body calms. The balance tips then levels. Her step sure and down the a hall.

Shake unhinges crip up the ladder and leaps to a pile of trash sinkin in trash. ,,That's a bright light," says Shake. He walks to Minst and slaps him on the back. 

Minst stars down a hall and slowly nods. ,,Yes, I found a way to push the area and better focus the source," mutters off Minst. His voice fades while he peers down the hall.

A pairs of large tracks rat like tracks scatter from the trash to the mud.

Two of the doors at the end of the four halls are open revealing only darkness.

William steps from ladder. He looks up the tube seeing only darkness.

,,Now what?" says Shake.

,,You and I will go to the doors and look inside," says William. He pulls out his swords. "Myst and MInst will remain her and make sure nothing gets behind us."

Myst stops talking the Reighn and looks at William. ,,Don't tell me what I'm to do."  
 
,,Do what you wish?" says William. William walks down a hall.

Myst inhales the soft stench of bits of trash and feels air flow into body. She pulls mace from belt loop and wipes the handle with cloak. She sits on a ladder bar.

Shake looks from William to the ladder.

William stops and looks at Shake.

Shake walks beside William.

Minst and Myst watch Shake and William walk down a hall. 

Minst looks from hall to hall to hall to hall. 

Myst looks at William.

William steps slow and steady through the trash trying to be silent enough to hear the quiet sounds, but hears only the echos of his foot falls and rubbing of armor. 

Shake steps fast and silent along the wall closing the distant from William to door before William is half way down the hall. He runs up the closed door and looks around its frame and base. He leans in and touches the rod connecting wheel to door. He looks to William and nods.

William nods and hastens step.

Sounds of rubbing metal echo.

Myst shakes head and rests in the trash and against the ladder. She closes her eyes. She grabs her star amulet then lets it fall, grabs her mace and stands walking down the all with a door ajar. 

,,Myst," says Minst.

Myst walks down a hall.   

Minst looks from Myst to Shake and William. 

Shake turns the wheel and William punches the door. The dive in.

Minst looks from Shake and William to  Myst.

Myst strides to the open iron door 

She steps into the room.

Her star amulet illuminates. 

A square room with pipes with wheels along two walls.
 
Myst slams the iron door shut and turns the wheel and walks toward Minst.

The door slam's echo fills the four halls to William. 

Shake stepping into a dark room stops and freezes.

William looks back at Minst. 

Minst points donw the hall and shrugs.

,,Myst," breaths William.

Shake nods and completes step and pushes open door. 

Light from hall illumincates five hug rats in a square room with wheels connected to pipes.

Willaim grabs shake, pulls him out of the door and grabs the wheel and pulls.               

A rat hand extends. The hand reaches for William. 

The door shuts.

A squeel vibrates through the iron door. 

William turnes the wheel and holds. ,,Get ready to draw swords and fight."

Shake scrambles on hands and knees to a stand and runs toward Minst and the ladder. ,,I needs some thing to tie or bar the wheel from moving."

,,What," says Minst.

Shake runs to the mounds of trash and sifts hands through the piles of trash.

Myst steps to Minst.

,,What?" says Minst.

,,Rats!" Shake peers at Minst. "HUGE. Behind the door."

,,How many?" says Minst then clench a small component back of silk.

,,Maybe Will will open the door and let you count," says Shake. He pulls out a frayed rope and runs back to William.

Myst beings to follow then looks at Minst and then the ladder. ,,We should..." She grabs the ladder and climbs a few steps then says, "Spear."

Shake ties the rope around the wheel and around the pipe as William holds the wheel still against the twist of the wheel on the opposite door.

Minst hears squeels and trash shift under feet. He turns.

Six huge rats run from doorway and down hall. 

,,Myst, Climb." Minst pulls silk 

Myst's voice echos up the tube to Spear, Spear, Spear, ear, ear, ear...

Spear hears and sees. Myst jump drom ladder to ground and pull mace from belt. ,,You can go up if you want. 

Spear looks from tube.

Spear feels more beings come near. 

The trash mounds and hills rustle and shake. 

Kirra slides swords and dagger in sheaths and unslings the bow and pulls arrow from quiver.

Jan remains still and watch the horizon. 

Large and huge rats steps over mounts of trash and stop at top and sides of hills and the tops of mounts. The rats raise forelegs and stand on hindlegs.

,,Surrounded," says Spear.

Kirra nods. 

They hear louds sqeaks below. The a few squeaks around from here and there and there and hear until squeeks and fill the cistern the tube and the found hallways to the four rooms.

Shake and William run to ladder. 

The wheel on door they run from twist and turns. 

The rope hodling the wheel snaps.

Shake and Williamd kick up trash and run to Minst and Myst.

Myst holds mace and side and fist before body. Her thumb rubs ring in index finger.

Rats run from iron door and into hall toward Myst.

Minst tosses silk from hand. An image of a ripple of color waves spread in mind. Minst spreads fist to an open hand and says, ,,HAGRT."

Webs spread and span from floor, wall, ceiling, wall between Mins and the ladder and a pack of ten rats. Webs spane betweem rat bodies and legs. Webs spread from the iron to Minst. 

Rats squirm and shake in webs. 

Rats run at Myst. 

Shake throws a dagger.

Dagger sinks into rat foot. 

William tosses his dagger then looks down other hall. Rats pull open door and run the hall follow Shake and William's retreat. He sees rats pull open and run from another door frame.

,,MORE!" Shake grabs ladder and climbs.

Shake looks along the ladder and sees Spear coming down.

Spear climbs down ladder.

Kirr and Jan stands back to back around the tube down.

Large and huge rats from a parameter around over the mounds and hills around the podium. Noses twist and twitch. The rats raise and lower from and upon their front paws. 

 Few break parameter and run down hills of trash near the podium.

Kirra load arrow with bow. She holds back string. ,,Spear!"

Spear climbs the tube. 

He hears the bark of Minst spells. The breathing of William and Shake  and Myst. ,,MORE DOWN!" He grabs the sides of the ladder with hand and sides of feet and slides down. He lands behind Myst, Minst, Shake and William.

Minst pulls knife scabbard from belt, steps back to ladder and unscrews base from scabbard.

Myst lowers her mace and grabs her star amulet. 

Rats scamper on four legs then two. There two walking legs extend and arms lower. Their shoulders go broad. Rats run from the four doors and down the hall and toward the ladder Spear, Minst, Myst, William and Shake. Rats struggle and break webs.

Rat scamber, scramble and run over the mounds and hills and trash to Kirra and Jan.

,,Into the tube." She glances at Jan. Relaxes pull on bow string puts arrow and quiver and arrow should.

Jan shake head side to side. ,,They are everywhere."

Kirra nods. She grabs hilt of sword and daggar, but doens't pull out blade.

Jan stand and watch the rats run and the trash roll.

Squeaks become growl and garble talk.

,,SURROUNDED." shouts Kirra.

,,Surrounded echoes through tube.

William lifts sword and steps in middle of hall. He holds his form. ,,I WILL NOT HEED."

Large and Huge rats slam William to the ground and scurry over him. A groups stops and stands on top of him. 

Shake steps back against ladder. He sheaths his dagger and unties the rat tails from belt

Minst pushes large sack behind back. He pops bottom from case and pulls out a scroll. ,,How about a teleport?"

Large and huge ats break from webs. The rush from left, right and back. The fill the halls. They surround the podium above.

,,No room," says Shake held agains the ladder and by two rats standing on hind legs. 

The rats stand and stare errect.

Huge and large rats stand. Their paws become hands and feet. Their whisker fall and become beards. Their short and stubby legs expand and stretch. Their fur ressed to reveal armored and hairy naked dwarfs.

