,,Shake has already left." Myst laughs. ''This is truley a blessed day."`

,,When and how did he leave?" says William.

Herns walks into the room with robe loose and beard frayed like in whipping through the wind. He peers along the edges of the room while everyone looks at Hern. 

Hern, whose face is stern and eyes focused with body still and breath even and slow. He ends his gaze upon William then looks from Myst to Kirra to Jan to Minst to Spear then to William. ,,He left during last rotation. He left after our last cantrip lesson and now." He walks to  the back of the room triggering the lights from the statues and using the light to peer in corners. 

Jan feels the tension radiating from Hern. Kirra stares at his focused and distant actions. Jan and Kirra stare. Kirra says, ,,Should we be worried?"

,,No and yes," says Hern. "Shake's gone. We feel he has served his time. You will be released today." Hern walks to the door and turns and looks at all. "He left. He left with another prisoner." Hern pauses, nods, says, ,,Gather and ready, for we sooner we leave the sooner we will have you on your way to returning to Surface world."

Kirra and Jan stand and walk to the door gathering Spear, Minst and Myst on the way to stand by William.

Kirra and Jan stand and walk to the door gathering Spear, Minst and Myst on the way to stand by William.

Hern looks at the group. ,,We will go." Hern steps to the door and begins to talk. "Shake has been in the cages above the city for the rotations. We took everything from him and gave him a prision tunic and quill and paper. Nothing that would make his stay better or bad." He looks a back as he steps from the spiral stairs to the hall. "We took everything from him. We  have his rags and trinkets waiting for you at the point where you will be leaving." He looks forward and raises his voice. "I have been training him how to use cantrips. The training also required Shake to leave a few words of the dwarvish language and this." He glances back then looks foward. "He's gone. He was able to open the door of his cage and the cage of another prisoner. A prisoner that we know little about. A prisoner that we suspect could be the cause of causing." He pauses before he exits the hall to the switch back steps decending from the wall. "The prisoner is able to control objects with his mind." He looks at the group and steps on to the switch back path.

The group follows listening...

Hern continues. ,,The prisoner. He's. He's like Branch. But unlike branch he's chaotic. Impulsive. Insecure. He gets angry, can have a tendency to punish and deliver punishment beyond any."

,,What was his crime?" says Minst steping and striding to walk with Hern.

Hern looks up at Minst then looks forward. He sets his gaze before answering. ,,He's made the minds of two feeble. They drool. They are able to, to eat, do all that is needed to survive, but they are vacant. They are in a daze through their life. We have confronted Branch about their state. Branch claims their is away for them to heal. A healing Branch could do for a price." Hern pivots had as he continues to step down. "They two have no money? We don't bargin with service from Branch. We tolerate their existence because of a truce." He exhales begins to say. ,,The two-"

Minst interrupts. ,,What did the two dwarves do?"

,,Yes, yes, I was." Hern he looks from Minst then forward. "We don't know. The prisoner claimed he had been insulted and attacked by both the men. He claimed the only defense he had with the two was to attack them how he  knew best. How he new was twisting their minds. His claims of attack were not evident in the area. He had no bruises. The attackers." He exhales, looks at Minst and back at william then foward. "They are no bigger than the prisonor. Yes, they are a little ignorant, but people who know them refuse to believe they would attack anyone. Insult and stone with words, but fight, attack. No. Every mage and priest and even a few mind benders we paid to try to get the help the minds of two say the  prisoner has a psoinic wall around their minds. It is a mental attack to isolate their personalities. We were holding the prisioner until he releaseed them from their mental state. We have given him freedom to leave the moutain, to be banished if only he relase their minds. Branch offered to help, but we have learned to never make deals with Branch."

William strides by Hern. The group follows. William says, ,,How did Shake leave the mountain?" 

,,He suspect he left through one of the top most tunnels. It leads to a a town built around one of our farms," says Hern.

,,Farms?" says Minst.

,,Yes, farms," says Hern. "The left their cages, found away past the guards, the people walking the hanging walkways, by the guards in the tunnel and from the town without a trace. A trace that could exist and is created as we speak."

,,How much time have then been missing?" says William. 

Hern nods and walks fast down switchback. ,,Half a rotation was the time last seen." Hern looks at William. "Your friend causes you many trouble, but still you are concerned."

,,He's blinded by time," says Minst.

,,Shake is naive," says Hern. He stares at William then focus upon the walk forward. "I tell you what I know for if you meet this prisoner be aware of how dangerous he may be. And if you can try to convince him to help both the men be free of his mental jail."

They walk to the smooth stone floor and past marching packs of warroirs and by groups in were form running along ledge. They walk along the rock wall that rises to the Red Wall around the Red Tower toward a lift in the distant. 
 
,,I am sorry," says William.

Hern looks at Hern and inhales deep then looks forward and exhales slow. ,,Friends are fiends." He smiles. "A quote of Carlos. Another fiend or so I have heard, which reminds the mind. A topic I had hope to discuss during the walk to the surface." He pivots head up and down. He glance a back to William and raises his voice to be a loud talk to cast voice above the candence of people and jabber of grouds standing and around tents and leantos. "I have a information that may help your cause William. I have found out informition that one may find disturbing. More disturbing than Shake helping that prisoner escape." 

,,What could possible be more disturbing than Shake," says Myst.

William castes her a glance. She shrugs.

Hern says while walking, ,,The goblin and hobgoblin hordes are being charmed to horde to the valley and canyon. Using the marking and make of your armor and the disk Minst gave to me I found a connecting history in the runes. William." He looks up and stares at William and doesn't speak until there is connact to stare. "Your great aunt is the ghost, William. The runes on the disk you retrieved and the runes around your armor are similar. They are from the same craftman.  A craftsman who know Carlos. A craftsman whose craft was copied to make the disk." He looks forward and waits for William to speak.

The walk along the sheer walk. The walk from the noise to the silence and cool dark. The near a sqauare cage the size of a house attached to chains at the four corners that are linked in the middle to one large chain that ascends to the ceiling high above.

William says, ,,My family is the family of the goblin horde."

Hern says, ,,Yes." Hern says walking. "It is no secret your family and the dwarves of the main vein of the kingdom. I had knew the tale and I even remember times when the mountain itself was isolated and closed off from the surface as a defensive manuveur. The armor was a peace offering created by smith Glyph. Glyph had a young near blind apprentice name Carlos."

,,Carlos, Carlos," says William.

Hern says, ,,Yes, Carlos the Barded Dwarf. The details and records don't give much to the story. There are stories written by Carlos of a fare human maiden that fell in love with a young dwarf and from that love began as a flirtation during the event to give the armor as a sign of peace and continued for a time while

Hern stops, looks at William then Minst. He walks. "Carlos wrote Fiends are Friends." He looks at William. "Family may be fiends. Our family in the main vein are fiends for shutting out their brothers and sister. We still love."
 
William nods.

Hern waves at a group of wererats walking upright wearing red ropes.

They wave back.

Hern looks forward and side steps to young childred chasing past.

The smell of fat smoke flows past with whisk of rosemary.

Hern says above group shatter and loud taking over a distant crowd around carts food and tools.

Myst walks to the edge and peers at the carts and people.

Hern clears his throat swallows. "The story of how Carlos and your great great grandmother met is subjects of folk tales that are now dust covered scrolls in the library. Those subject created by Carlos. The archive in the main vein has both tales and record." He looks and winks  at William then looks forward stepping wide and fast. "Records that even you with your families history with all the mountain of dwarves would have an easier path to read those records. The Runes of Carlos are engraved in your armor. The Runes of Carlos pagerised runes from a sorcer and writer, your grandmother, an illusionist of renoun." Hern pause talk then says. "Renoun enough to now how to create runes, have a dwarven lover scribe the runes on armor created by the blacksmith Drig all while our people fight."

,,Dwarven lover," says William.

Hern looks at William, raises his bushy eyebrows, says, ,,Yes."

,,Is it Carlos?" says Minst.

Spear slaps hand on William's back causing him to studder step. Spear says, ,,WELCOME TO THE PACK!" Spear laughs and belows.

William tries to smiles but only twists lips as he stares at Hern.

Myst stares from the cart and the people taking and shouting and pionting and passing objects over the crowd and steps behind Hern. ,,Tell me more about the lovers."

William looks at Myst.

Myst is smiling and winks at William.

Wiliam smiles. ,,Carlos."

,,It may be Carlos," says Hern. "There be three tales from three different records no of which were written by Carlos and only one spins the tale that the lover was Carlos." Hern says, ,,For all faith and truth Drig could have been there lover, but the knowledge of what I know of Drig he was always stuck in his shop or watching training or training to test and see armor and weapons tested. Not the type to leave the tunnels and find a surface being to fall in love with." Hern pauses. He walks and looks at William. "Part of the tale is told in the runes of the armor." Hern pulls from inside his robe a round hemp sack with a handle of hemp. He pulls from the sack the metal disks. He looks up. Hern slows step to a stop befor two dwarves armored from foot to heard in sectioned platemail.

The two warrors hold their pick and hammer.

Hern smiles. 

The two armored warriors nod as Hern leads the pack past and to a steel platform while holding up the disk shaped hemp bag. ,,This is the third piece of the tale. The other piece is a small shield."

,,The small shield," says William. "Does it exist?"

Hern walks and says glancing at William and back. ,,Yes, it was created."

,,By Carlos, my grandmother and Drig?" says Minst.

,,What was William's grandmother's name?" says Myst.

,,Penal," says Hern and William.

,,And the grand father?" says Spear.

,,William," says William.

,,I don't understand," says Kirra. "What has love Carlos, love and armor cleaning the swamp of the filth from the swamp.."

Hern steps on the steel platform and stands by a group of dwarves drapped in purple robes. He waits until the pack gathers near and faces him. ,,Through the records, the stories, I have created a story likely based more on fact than fiction or fantasy. The armor." He pulls from the disk hemp bag a the silver disk found in the shaman's tower and given to Hern by Minst. "This tells the third part of the story."

,,That's the teleport disk," says Minst.

,,Yes," says Hern. "A gift I must return. A gift that was created by Drig, Carlos and Penal. All three working with the council and with William, William's great great grandfather, worked to create three pieces of metal work as a gift for lasting peace and trust between the people of the mountain and valley. During the creation of these three items a love is written to be created between Carlos and Penal. A love that grew as Carlos was intrusted to carve the runes and copy them to the armor."

,,Why would any spellcaster allow another to carve their runes into armor?" say Minst. "Unless they wanted to lose their power or control."

The two guards step from standiing postion and walk to the edge. One stand on either side of the platform. One twists a wheel rising a rail that lifts from the ground.

,,Love," says Hern. "Love. A belief of love and with love trust. 

,,I don't understand," says William. 

Spear smiles. ,,It makes you insecure."

Hern and Minst a look at Spear. Then Hern looks at William. ,,Runes." He points a finger along the edge of the plate then along the forarm plate near William's guantlet. He peers and lowers toward the guantlet. He looks at William. "The guantlet." He looks at William. "The runes are similar, but not the same. More unique, but."

Minst lowers and peers at the guauntlet, says, ,,I see the cruves on the ends of the line runes have a slight twist. Is that what you are seeing?"

,,Yes." He looks at Minst. "Very good." He looks at the guantlet. "Learning with the guild has helped." He looks at William. "Your guantlet is similar in style. Very similar."

,,I don't understand," says William.

,,Neither do they," say Kirra.

Spear lauaghs.

,,Runes," says Hern. 

The rising rail clicks and the platform lifts.

Hern continues. ,,Runes are like like a special fighting move, a parry, or some act that takes a lot of training, practice and use to master, to make your move you pull that know one has seen and there for no one can defend."

Everyone stares at Hern.

,,A rune is a symbol created to contain spell powers into an item perminatly.  Creating a rune requires after many  cycles experience and many cycles of research and study and writing way your life with each stroke of the quill is a beginning requirement to create a rune. It is something created and not given away for once another takes a rune as their own then that power is released and the creator can  no longer have the advantage of being the only to create the rune."

,,What's wrong with having many people create runes a wizard creatd." Spear grabs the hilt of his hammar. "A true warrior is willing to show and train other warrior techniques to better the battle, the fight."

,,And teach your enemy how to nullify you defense," says Minst.

,,Or offense," says Hern. "Runes and their creation and practice would probably be best like giving the instructions and schematics of a castle to the enemy. If we were to tale the tale of Carlos and relation to the written power of Penal it reads that it would be like a master architect giving all his secrets to a novice learning how to draw and sum."

Spear, William and Kirra nod.

William continues nod with, ,,And Penal trusted Carlos enough to show him how to make the runes to engrave the runes onto the armor?"

,,The tales depict such a happening," say Hern. 

,,Why not etch then runes herself?" says Myst.

Hern says ,,Drig, the blacksmith. Carlos's mentor for armor. A mentor Carlos was able to  obtain because of is song and his minor skill at molding armor. Drig hated humans. She hated being the honored to create the armor as a gift. She hated the idea of any human entering her armory, her mountain. Her hate is actually well recorded from in scripts and court documents. Carlos had seen an opprotunity. He found a trust." 

The lift slow rised with the pull of changes at the four corners. The ground below spans. The warriors and robed people on the platform begin to lean and listen to the tale.

"After the creation of the armor," says Hern. "The tales and records are not consitent nor extensive. One fact in all the records and tales do show is that it was near the time before the armor was to be given and peace to be found, Carlos left the mountain. The reasons are unknown. Tales of love, of hate, of wanderlust give reason, but none are confirmed. Time passed. Peace was for a time after the death of William, but then cycles became many and fighting and warriors began to try to cause troubles. We in the mountain had our own. There was the spread of the were through the vein. The Seperation, The Isolation, The Survival periods of our history left the surface world little worry of inside."

,,Why would Penal leave the disk in the tower?" says Minst.

Hern slides the disk into the disk bag, says, ,,One can't transport the node." He holds the bag with the disk before Minst. "And I suspected that it could be tracking William."

The look at the disk.

Hern smiles. ,,The bag will hide its location."

Minst grabs the sack. ,,Thank you."

,,What of the dragon?" says Jan. "The swamp."

,,The dragon," says Hern. "The tale of the dragon and its birth is quite known. The cisterns were its birth place. The swamp was its its given home. The main dwarven vein used the dragon to separate the valley from the otherside of the canyon hoping to keep the attacks from the alley from coming to pass. The origin of the egg. The story of where and how the egg came to the the vein is speculation and story. There are a few stories that Carlos gave the egg, that he sold the egg, that he ordered the egg. There are other poets and writers that are told in tales of doing the same." Hern looks from Kirra, Jan, Myst, Minst, William. "Given the tell I was told earlier, I reason that Carlos may know the dragon."

,,Was Carlos ever punished for stealing the runes?" says Minst.

,,Unknown. I have read stories that and records that nothing was done for nothing was known of the stories that mention it at all. There is not record of the rune being used in the veins. That much I know."

The lift platform stops the rises.

The Rose Pack Stadium glows red a distance below and span too far to see details.

,,Panel," says Myst. "Did William every discover the love? Did she ever mend her discoursed song?"

,,We only know after Carlos left there was peace until the death of William. After the death of William there were sporatic atttacks, but our records are not complete. Nor would they have the details."

,,You believe Panel to be the ghost I saw," says William. "What power does a ghost have?"

,,There are darker and more powerful undead beings that ghosts," says William.

Spear steps from the circle and stares over the city. ,,We need to find what may be Panel."

,,The map!" says William.

,,Didn't you find that map after Panel left with everything else?" says Minst.

William says, ,,Yes." He looks from Minst the turns and walks from Hern and stands by Spear. He exhales and slumps shoulders.

,,Is the armor becoming heavy?" says Spear.

William throat laughs. ,,I wonder how this lift continues to rise."

Spear lifts hand grabs Williams armored shoulder. ,,We will kill the goblins one by one if need be!" 

As Kirra looks up following the chain to a steel platform with a square hole in its center. ,,Where will be leaving?"

,,A farm on a large flat cliff ledge. It is a farm for sheep and moutain goats. It is alos a look out post and exit," says Hern.

,,And the goblins?" says Kirra.

,,It will be a long time before goblins will be able to breech the natural wall of the sheer moutain." Hern nods, looks around at the group. "I hope no one is fears the heights."

Myst looks back at William, says, ,,He will be okay as long as we talk him through it."

,,And the goblins in the valley. Where are they?" says Kirra.

Hern's face relaxes. He stares. ,,They are everywhere. There have been scouts returning that the people of the valley are near gone. The remaining are trapped or have hopes to stop the goblins spread."

Kirra looks up an sees the platform nearing. The other dwarves turn ears away from the surface talk and begin to grab hammers and axe. The talk dwarvish to the other and point across a spanning maze of hanging walkways.

A breeze gusts then blows cold.

,,What about William's gauntlet?" says Minst.

The lift sways.

,,The blacksmith is not the Drig. The gauntlet is too angled for her craft. The runes are similar to the others." He exhales. "Not the time to read. It could take many rotations." Hern looks at Kirra. "I feel the world beyond the rock is where many wish to be before the time is had to read runes." He looks at Minst. "The goblins will not wait."

Everyone looks away and begins to step from Carlos to the sides and look out over the cavern floor and the buildings.

The platfom lifts and rises through a hole in the platform. 

,,How famous is Carlos?" says Minst.

Hern smiles. ,,Writers and scribes have already written of you tales about Carlos."

,,Has the quill been in you hand?" Minst smiles.

Hern smiles. ,,Yes, but I am not Carlos the Barded Dwarf when it comes to writing."

The platform latches to the platform and the gates on all sides lower.

metal walkways with metal railings span left to right along the wall of write. One walkway span forward off into the distant and over the city spanning from the platform to other hanging paths and platforms and by large and small roomsized rooms sticking from the rock ceiling and hanging from the rock wall.

The warriors on the platform walk to the walkway spanning over the city below walking toward the mural and to the other path ways.

,,Come, are journey will continue along the wall," says Hern.

William and Spear watch the warriors walk off into the distance. Minst steps with Hern. Jan walks with Hern and Myst. Kirra looks back. ,,There will be fight enough."

William and Spear step and follow Hern. William says, ,,I don't know what do, Spear? I don't know where to go once we leave." William glances at Spear then Myst. "Before we arrived all was clear. Now..."

Spear walks with silence a few steps before saying, ,,We don't know where we go, but we will find our path."

,,Shake," says William.

,,Has is own path," says Spear.

They follow Hern along the long steel walkway rivited to rods nailed into the rock wall. 

The wind blows cold and strong pushing back cloaks and robes.

Myst looks forward listening to Reign and softly tapping her drums feeling the flow of life spread through her. 

Kirra's tense body relaxes letting the cold wind calm her body and mind as it nears release from the moutain.

Jan walks rubs her hand over her moss woven cloak. Her mind wanders with a press and push of her source to through the walk feeling through roots, rock and mud to the living machine below leaving a touch behind.

Minst slides his hand between folds of amrmor and touches the tip of it. He pulls on his back and puts the handle of the disk hemp back over head to rest on shoulder. He says, ,,Do you know how to use the Armor to transport to the disk?"

Hern smiles. ,,I do."

Minst smiles. ,,Will you tell us?"

Hern peer along the wall. The looks at Minst. ,,Yes." He looks forward. "But first I will tell you how it operatates." Hern looks back and says with a loud voice. "You may want to hear this William."

William nods.

The disk is a node, the armor is a node, the shield is a node. The armor or the shiel can allow the one who wears to transport to the disk and from the disk to last location. The armor and the shield worn by one can teleport and army if needed to the last location. The disk can also be found with the amror by the wearer of the armor." He looks back to William then at Minst. "Or the holder of the shield."

,,Why a gift with such power be given to an enemy?" say Kirra.

,,A show of trust." Hern clears thoat. "And security in knowing the teleportation won't pass through rock and dirt only the open space." 

,,And how to activate," says Minst.

Hern says, ,,The wearer of the armor or holder of the shield only need think of the disk and the will to be near it. To return one only need think of the disk and the desire to return."

William steps close behind softly pushing on Myst. ,,What are the other powers of the shied and armor."

,,Protection, self mending, light on the shoulders. The shield looks similar to the disk but with jewels to trap a beings mind!" 

,,Really!" says Minst.

Hern looks and winks at Minst then looks forward. ,,According to the stories."

,,May we will it to show us where to find the small shield?" says William.

Hern pulls the cload tight around body. ,,The runes of the disk didn't read of that power. Maybe the shield has more information?"

,,What may I give to you inreturn for you returned gift?" says Minst.

Hern smiles. ,,The search for the runes and the help to know is reward enough." He walks forward and looks back at the group. "And if you happen to rid the land of those goblins then I will have more than a returned gift for you."

The wind blows and gusts. The lights of the mural on the cavern wall, the city shining lights, and walkways hanging web over the roof top.

They walk. Hern looks forward along the wide and railed steel walkway.

William looks at his guantlet and amor and then pulls the hammar clasped on his left him. The loop fastened by himself. He grips the hammar and looks over the rail the vaste cavern bellow trying to see the Rose Stadium.

Minst looks at the disk in the hemp bag. 

Jan pulls her energy from the living machine, the roots and the rocks into here cloak and the moss that surrounds.

Myst walk near the edge of the rail and looks down and follows her trail for the past rotations.

Kirra stares ahead.

A group of dwarves wearing tunics walk past nodding to each of the group. A wererat runs past. 

They pass walkways span to the left and tunnels of smooth stone span to the right to darkness and iron doors.

They walk.

The wind blows. The wind whistles down the halls.

They walk.

Minst feels a chills and shivers. Myst bundles up in cloak. William feel warmth spread from the gauntlet. Kirra stares and fills the cotton pants and shirt hold off the cold and the wet.

They feet pound on the steel. 

Hern looks back at the group and walks forward. He clears is thoat. 

Myst says, ,,When was the last time you left the moutain?"

,,A few rotations ago." Hern nods. "Went to see the goblin camps near the base of the mountain."

,,Does the vein fear the goblins from entering," says Minst.

Hern says, ,,The main vein fears little. We are their protection and will give them rotations to prepare for any goblin invasion. This vein." He pauses. "We are finding holes and closing old passages. We have yet to seal off the air vent on the roof of the city. ...Time. Time we may change that. Goblins get everywhere."

Hern steps right into a hall.

Spear, Kirra and William lower heads and shoulders. 

The group follows.

The wind calms.

The hall is smooth stone blocks stacked and arched over head. The floor is smooth and covered with bits of grass and dirt piled at the edges of the hall. 

The smell wet hair and pee fill the hall.

Minst waves hand befor nose. A few flies buzz around his head.

Their foot steps echo as the hall continues to expand.

They step down the long hall and to a double doors.

Hern stops before the door. He exhales and turns to face the group. He looks from William, Spear, Kirra, Jan, Myst and Minst then all. He nods his head. ,,Thank you," says Hern. "You have all shown many that the tales of those living on the surface are  evil and vile. You have followed and respected our ways and rules and for that I can do nothing, but thank you and hope you will return."

,,How would we?!" says Minst cutting off you Hern.

Hern smiles. ,,Come to this door for beyond is a farm my family helps
manage."

Kirra focuses and stares and holds all her attention upon the door. Her foot taps the ground. 

,,Enough talk," says Hern. He winks at Kirra. "We shall get you free of the rock and to the skies." He raises a hand, says, "The glasses." Please take them off and put them in your packs. You may keep them. They are yours. If you keep them from the sun or the moons light they will last they will guide you through darkness."

William and Myst pull the glasses from face and stuff them in packs.

Hern walks toward two steel doors, waves his hand the pushes on the doors.

The doors open and moon light shines through.

