The light sphere archs through the air spreading illumination through darkness.
        
Light radiates from eyes, mouth, nostrals, hear canals, finger nails, toe nails of half height dwarves, humans, elves, haflings, half-elves, gnomes holding hands and shoulder to shoulers long the rectangle room.
        
The light illuminate stone beds, tables, chairs, shelves, jars, buckets, windows Stone beds are carved into the all above the half high relief statures with the arms and legs of the statues climbing to the beds and covering pad. A wide and long rectangle stone table near the door and the bed as high as William's waist is  covered with stone coblets, plates, bowls of fruit and roots. A circular table with mugs and pitchers and stone chairs near shelves and the windows opposite of the beds. The stone shelves protude from wall from floor to ceiling filled with books, jars and wooden boxes and buckets. 

The light sphere hit the stone wall an the walls casting shadows betweent the the etched walls of shapes and swirls drawing a large black dragon. The etched lines spread over the ceiling, shelves and between the stone relief statues and embedded beds. The light sphere rolls then stops. 

Grun steps into the room. He says with a slight echo, ,,Food is being brought." He points to the statues and the beds. "

The four dwarves carrying Spear walk into the room and set Spear on the center of the foor. 

Grun steps by Spear. ,,The sage will be here before the food." 

William steps and kneels by Spear. Myst and Jan kneel near. Kirra 
stands against the entrance wall and stares through the spiral staircase through the darkness. Minst steps and stands at full height and walks over to the shelves with Minst. William looks up at Grun. ,,Thank you."

Grun shrugs. ,,You are guests." 

One of the four dwarves walks to the bed and climbe the arms of statue, raches and pulls the cushion from the bed and drags it to the center.

Myst hears Rieghns voice stop as she presses her hands on Spear and  whisper words of Rieght. ,,,Please bring you body to heal my friend." Myst feels no energy or hears no words. "Spear will not let Rieghn be." She looks at Grun. "How will the sage help?"

Grun nods and steps from between the bed cushion and Spear. ,,Sage knows the way of natural healing and sees with elements and heals from the raw sources of life." Grun steps toward the bookshelves.

The four dwarves lift and slide spear from the board to the cushion.

Spear groans and moans.

Kirra steps from the door way and to Spear. ,,Carfull." She walks to spear and points at his side. "Ribs are broke, stabbing insides.

Myst stands and shakes head. ,,There is nothing I am able to do."

,,My wise ways are the wisdom and action of the past. Now I have nothing more, but time and hope." She presses hand against Spear's forehead the neck. "He is burning an infection." She looks up and back to Grun."

One of the four dwarves nod. They then stand and walk out the door.

Shake indexes finger over spines of parchment books and a scroll case and brown box. ,,What's in the box?"

,,A game," says Grun.

,,The jars," says Shake.

,,Preserves." He walks to the window and presses on the wall below. The wall parts and open. Grun steps through the openning. "The balcony."

Shake steps after Grun.

William walks to balcony. Myst and Minst look through the doors.

The balcony stone floor and rails extend from a wall and float above darkness.

William, Myst and Shake see a dim glow of fire highlight the darknes spread a touch of light over buidings.

,,What's there to see?" says Shake.

,,LIGHT!" exclaims Grun. He throws his arms up to darkness. The whole city is a glow with light." He steps from the balcony shaking head. "I have always 

,,Darkness," says Myst.

,,I don't see anything, but the light to the right," says William.

Grun steps from the balcony and into to the room shaking head. ,,Humans in the dark are as blind as a bat with out a voice." Grun shouts, "GRUT NOW.  FRITTEN CRIN." He was to the round table and by the shelves  the between the rectangle table and the relief statues and the beds. He inhale and looks at from Kirra, Jan, William, Shake, Minst, Msyst. 

Mud, blood and garbage stain cover cloths, armor, arms, faces and legs.

Grun sniffs and pivots head. ,,If I can smell you scent over my scent then I will have warm water delivered, so you may bathe." Grun walks to the door, stands and pivots. His feet clap together. "I will return, but not before the arrival of the shade. We ask you remian with in the wall. Food will arrive before you have time to unpack." 

Spear looks up from the cushion and moans. Sharp pains causes him to wince. ,,Breathing is a pain." His head lays on the cushion. "But hunger burn a pain deeper than any battle wound."

,,Spear!" says William. He steps to Spear and kneels. "My friend your words bring hope to us." He grabs Spears hand.

,,I live. I breathe. I eat," says Spear.

Grun smiles and nods and steps away.

Shake follows Gruns step through the open door and the dark all. His hand trembles and head itches. 

Minst glances at Spear and then over the spines of books. ,,My I find a book of healing from the dead, I will let you know."

Minst looks over the spines of books written with common, dwarvish, Gnomish, Halfing Cant.

Spear's body lays still and sweaty. He breathes. ,,Where...Where are we?"

,,Under the mount," says William.

Jan pulls satchel from back and lets in fall as she kneels by Spear. She pulls back hood and open satchel. ,,How you speak is beyond me."

,,What's wrong?" says William.

Myst stands over Jan and watch her pull out wet and slimed covered appleas and leaf and leather covered packets.

,,He should be sleeping away the pain." Jan grabs and opens up a leaves covering a ball of tar like substanse. "The slime may corrupt." She looks at William. "He will not be harmed, but he will begin to feel more pain." She bundles the tar balls in leaves. "I dare not give him more to sooth the pain."

Shake walks to the door behind Shake. ,,The doors open. The time is right." He looks back to will and the points the the flat body boaord left by the dwarves. "We have a way to carry Spear. We should poke him on that and leave.

Myst stands and pulls out a short chari from a table and sits and slouches. ,,And where would we leave, Shake? The balcony. The hall. And where then. Sneak across the court yard lifing Spear on out tip toes!" She laughs and shakes head.

Shake grabs dagger hilt under tunic and sneers. ,,Why walk when we can teleport?" He loosens the grip on the hilt and pulls hand from tunic. He nods to Minst. "We have that scroll and a spell caste to read. We think of a place. We leave."

Silence fills the room. 

Mint pulls a book from the shelve The Magic of Machines. 

Kirra steps from the door and peers along the hall walls.

William inhales deep and slowly exhales. ,,Minst." 

Minst reads the book.

,,Minst!" says William with a raised voice.

Minst looks up from book and behind. ,,Yes." 

,,Have you the scroll to teleport," says William.

Minst nods and turns around to face Willaim. He lowers book and walk between the shelves and round table to stand by Myst.

William looks at Shake then Minst. ,,Is the scroll able to teleport all beyond this room and mountain."

,,Yes, but no." Minst clears throat and slides hand between armor folds and touches the spine of the spell book while saying, "However, Spear's nature and beliefs warp and mutate the magical weave and balance." He sighs. "It may cast. I may cast but Spear reamins. It may not cast and the spell lost."

,,Then we remain." says William. He peers at Shake. 

Silence flows over.          

Distant clinks and clacks flow through the open balcony doors.

Everyone stars around the room.

Kirra step from the room and the light. Spots of red and white flash the fade to darkness. The darkness then begins to brighten. 

A faint glow illuminating the stone as if sunlight shine upon it. Her eyes see the lines and the relief in the darkness. they see smalee twist an turns and swirls of the lines of relief statures of a dwarf with holding a pick and a hammer. ,,I can see the hall as if dawn."

Shake walks and stand by Kirra. ,,I only see the darkness before the dawn." He looks at Kirra. "Nothing but black."

Spear moans.

,,Calm my friend," says William.

Jan stands leaving her item sprea across the ground near Spear and the round table in an open area of stone floor. She looks of the room. ,,What are in those?" She walks to the table and lifts the pitcher. "Empty."

Kirra looks form hall and into room. She stares at Jan. 

Jan puts the pitcher on round table and looks at Kirra. 

Kirra and Jan stare. 

Jan smiles and nods. She steps from round table through balls and clumps wrapped with leaves, leather and wax caiting. She steps by her staff. Her foot rolls and kicks the staff to her hand. Hand grabs staff. She twirls her staff and walk toward the door. 

Kirra, looking at the dim hall, loosen knotts and pack from back and hold pack to side. She pulls out a dagger.

Shake looks at the dagger by Kirra's side and smirks. ,,The better half don't like what the other half sees."

Kirra grips her dagger. ,,Yes." She stares through the spiral hall down. "You."

Shake chuckles.

Jan stands and extends staff and hooks strab of kirra's back.

Kirra opens grip on pack.

The pack falls on staff's end.

Jan slowly lifts the staff with one hand. The tip and pack raise near Shake's head.

The pack slides along staff and rests on Jan's thumb and index finger.

,,Thanks," says Jan. She unties the top, puts hand in, shuffles and shakes and pulls out the mug, hold mug with hand holding staff, ties and tightens the pack's top, lifts staff and lowers tip near Kirra to her hand.

The pack slides down the staff to the tip by Kirra's hand.

Kirra grabs pack's top.

Jan lifts the stff tip.

The tip of staff swings near Shakes head.

,,Mine is yours," says Kirra. She peers into the darkness and a statue relief of a dwarf with hammer and pick hooked on belt.

Jan smiles and nods and walks with Mug to Spear.

William, Myst smile.

Minst sits at the table and continues to read the preface mesurements of the mechanic books.

The book reads, ,,Freeze Cycle is a literal translation of the Dwarven time frame similar to Season Rotation to track the position of globe circling the Blaze burning above. ...Work Rotation is a literal Tranlation of the Dwarven time frame similar to Sun Cycles, a full circle of the rise and fall of the sun as the living sphere spins. However, Work Rotations are set by the Dwarven nation according to a unified working schedule. ...The Dwarves are not timed by the sun, but are the planet. It is in this core believe of timing ones life with the planet then work. ...It is not the bases of timing of dwarven machines as is the case of most humans inventions...''

Minst smiles and nods head and turns the page...

Shake walks from the dark hall and Kirra to Minst setting the carraffe on table. ,,Wine anyone." He smiles with purple lips framed by dried rat blood and brown and green garbage stains.

Minst reads about displacement and time.

William steps and lifts the carafe and lifts towar the light shining from the reflief statues. ,,Is this the carafe from the branching place."

Shake burps. Burp pushes on blatter. ,,Yes," says Shake. "It helps keep me from the shakes."

Myst takes the wind carafe and press plams over hit. A warm fills her body and flows to her hands then her mind. She feels and knows. ,,It has healing. Some. Not much, but some."

William kneels and looks at Spear.

Spear's eyes are closed and mouth mumbles.

Jan lifts Shakes head and says, ,,THE MAGIC WORD."

The mug fills with water. 

Jan pushes mug to Spear's lips and looks at William. "Lift the head.

William lifts Spear's head, and Jan tips the mug.

Water flows over his lips.

Spear drinks and drinks and coughs. Moans and groans.

Wiliam holds head. Jan the mug. Spear slowly sips and swallows...

,,Anything in the hall," says William.

Kirra focuse and squints. ,,I see hall as day. Coated like the shaft. But doesn't glow for those blind during the night."

,,Guards," says William.

Kirra squints and looks over the four stone relief statues of dwarves all dressed in the puzzled armor with lines and releif images of dwarven faces. Their beards flow over their chests to their waists. The hands hold a pick and a hammer. 

The nearest dwarf hold both hammer and pick above head. The next dwarf holds hammer and pick pointing heads to the ground. The next dwarf holds arms hanging down with hammer and pick hanging from belt. The last stone relief hold hammer and pick in hand. The arms and tools hang to side.

,,None seen," says Kirra.

,,They know we will remain?" says Myst.

Shake grabs the carafe from Myst and drinks. ,,May remain."

Shake spins the carafe on open palm, then catches the carafe and lowers it to Jan. ,,Maybe he needs a drink of wine?"

Spear drinks.

Jan says, ,,No." She looks at Shake. "The magic may not help. And wine would only dyhdrate." Jan looks from Shake to Spear.

Shake shrugs and swings wine.

His blatter pushes. He steps over Jan's thinks and next to Minst. He looks at Myst and lifts caraf. ,,A drink?"

,,No, thank you." Myst tries to smile. 

Shake put hand on  Minst's shoulder. 

Minst jerks body, smiles, looks from book to Shake. ,,Hello." He moves book to Minst. ,,You wish to read?"

Shake grins. ,,Nah, not a think is taken form those symbols?" He pokes Minst side. "I'll take a read of the spell books.

Minst slides hand between folds of his armor tooucing finger tips to spin of spell book while saying, ,,It helps to read other symbols to see the shape of magic." 

Shakes grin flattens. His face relaxes and hangs.

Minst says, "But not a requirement to causes some one burp."

Myst burps.

Shake laughs. Laughter pushes and swishes stomack and bladder.

Minst smiles. 

,,We don't need two jesters," says Myst starring and squinting at Minst.

Minst's smiles loosens with words of, ,,My apoligies."

William looks from Spear to Minst and Shake. ,,Myst is right." He looks and peers at Shake. "We don't need two Shakes."

,,I do," says Shake. He walks beind Minsta and by the shelves of stone. He looks over book and boxes and jars. 

The jars are feeling with dried, maggots, grubs, bettles, words. The books large and small. The boxes wooden and stone. One box opens revealing a bag squares of wooe marked with lines and brown and green paint.

Shake closes the lid and looks at the pitcher at the table. He ties carafe to belt and walk between Jan and Myst and over Jan's ideas and to the door and Kirra.

Kirra hears Shake steping behind. She sees a statue's finger twitch then be still. 

Third from the door is still again.

Shake walks past and steps stairs by the second statute. He puts the mug on the floor next to a relief statue looks back at Kirra. ,,If you want to watch or help." He unties trowser and pees into mug.

The relief statue with moving finger and weapons held to sides

The pee flows into the mug. 

Shake goans and groan of relief. 

The statue's hand around the hammer grips.

Kirra slips from dagger from sheath and holds it from tip.

Spear behind her coughs. 

Jan pulls the water away.

Spear swallows. Eyelids flutter then relax. 

Williams lays his head down and stands.

Kirra hears William's armor scrap. Kirra feel the balance of the dagger. Kirra sees Shake shake off and tie trousers. Kirra tosses dagger.

Dagger hits mug. Mug tips.

Shake skips back with dagger in hand.

The pee spills and falls down stairs.

Shake throws a dagger at the raise hammer of the dwarven relief door htting the hammer head and falling to the floor and spinning across the floor.

Kirra leaps downstairs laughing.

The pee speads over stairs and around the dwarven statue third from Kirra.

A muscle in the leg of the relief statue twitches. 

William picks the glowing sphere left by Grun, pulls out sword. Jan stands and kicks staff to hand and runs twirling. Minst looks from book and Myst stands. 

,,Calm." says Kirra. Her body relaxes as she slides outher short sword. 

,,CALM!" hollers Shake. The echo fades as Shake looks at William and Kirra. "YOUR."

Shake steps away from the spreading pee.

,,What's happened?" William steps by Kirra and between her and Shake. He looks at Kirra.

She points to the stone relief statue third from the top. ,,A fun way to find a guard." She walks down the steps and picks up he dagger. Her back turned to Shake, she presses the finger against the nose of the still guard. She walks the steps picks up her back and puts the pack on the rectangle table. 

Shake looks at Kirra's back and thinks to stab. Then he looks at William and sees Kirra walk the steps. ,,Guard." He steps in the puddle of piss and lower and looks at the wall rubbing and along the wall.

The wall is smooth and bumpy. The gaps of the etchings is blade thing. Releifs of flowers and a water fall stick from wall and flow to the edges of the statue reliefe. 

A seam is seen between the contours and legs and arsm and back of the statue. 

Shake lifts dagger tip and aims oint at the foot of the statue. ,,I am believing Kirra to be a wolf." He raises his dagger.

,,Shake." William steps down the steps. He walks down a few steps holding out the light. He yawns and slumps, turns and steps up the stairs and into the room taking light with him.

,,I need some light," says Shake. He climbs stairs and stand at the entrance.

Kirra begins to pull her fish kit, fletching kit, medicine kit, pieces of leather, dried beef, apples and puts them on the table. The leather is upfolded and the each kit is open and inspeacted. She wuses a piece of cloth at the bottom of the pack, stands, steps to grab the mug, and pours drops of water on the cloth then sits and cleans the slime from apples, metal cases, plant covered bundle.

Minst walks from door and to the round table. He pulls his sack from floor to table top and open it up. He slides spell book out and yawns. 

Myst yawns. William yawns and Shake yawns.

Shake steps in the room. He stretches and drinks some wine. He walks over Jan's things between Spear and round table to the far wall. He puts back to wall and slides to a sit. His eyes close.

William looks at shake and pulls and prys armor off shoulders and chest.

The armor is covered with grease, slime, dirt framing the relief images of roses and thonrs and swords and shields surrounded by the ordimental boarder of a braid.

The armor piles. 

Jan sits in the middle of her pile and being to clean slime from the plat wraps adn leather wraps while eating an apple. She open a sack of small sacks and fumbles through roots, leaves, and flow peddles. She dumps these on to the stone floor and begins to order them. 

Shake snores then his head slumps over. Dagger falls ffrom his hand.

Myst looks at Shake and pivots her head. She at a chair near the round table and lifts her pack then tosses in in the corner under the shelves. She stands and takes off her cloak and tosses it in corner.

The white flare round her wrists sticks her leather armor, lay matt against the leather armor.

,,Would it be too much to ask for cloths or robes to able us to clean," says Minst.

,,Let us hope," says Minst untieing and pulling he leather  armor and laying it on top of her cloak on a chair.

,,If they ever return, I will ask." William lays his ankle plate in the pile of armor. He pushes back his pack making more room to alighn the arm, shoulder and brest plate.

Kirra clears throat, says, ,,There's the guard we could ask." She wipes off small needles and threads taking the dirty from an unfolded leather wrap and setting them on the table in rows on the table. She focuses on the needle. "We need fire."

A slight stings pings deep into Kirra's arm.

Kirra clenches teeth.

Jan picks up a fist size bundle wrapped with a leaves. She tosses it toward Kirra.

Kirra catches it.

,,Is that the salve," says Myst.

Jan and Kirra nod.

Myst looks at cut buy elbow and scrapes and bruises on her hands and arms. She smiles. ,,I think I may need it."

,,Have any fire?" says Kirra. She tosses the bar to Myst and holds a needle to the light shining from the eyes and mouths.

The bar lands on the floor and tumbles to the feet of Myst.

Msyt says, ,,No." She picks up the savlve, says, "Thanks," and wraps salve.

Minst says while reading. ,,I have only fire that will ignite the room."

William nods at Shake. ,,Shake as a hand lanter that castes a flame, but neither am I wanting to wake him or search him for the lamp." He pulls off his chain mail.

Kirra smiles and nods. ,,No need." She sniffs and rubs nose with finger.

Myst stands and plays with laces of shirt around neck. 

The lace is stain and caked stiff with mud. Her shirt frayed and rip. The once tan cotton shirt brown and black around the edges. 

Myst sights and walks to balcony. Her amulet of star swaying as she steps to the balcony, sits and begins to talk in her mind to Reighn. 

William follows Myst leave with eyes while head focused on the straps of the gauntlet. He then looks at the guantlet and shrugs letting remain tied over his leather padding. He loosens a belt letting his swork and knives fall to the ground.

,,May I have somw water," says MInst. 

Jan nods and begins to stand from ground.

"Please, allow me." Minst pushes his book onto the table and walks from table to Jan and grabs the mug. "THE MAGIC WORD," says Minst. He drinks gulping water. "THE MAGIC WORD." And he drinks more then finish the drink by licking lips. "Thank you, Kirra." 

Kirra nods as she stares at a thread and needle. 

,,May I," says William.

Kirra nods.

William steps and clasp the mug. ,,THE MAGIC WORD." He drinks. ,,THE MAGIC WORD." He drinks. ,,THE MAGIC WORD." He smacks lips and burps. "I am in you debt."

Kirra pushes thread through needle and says, ,,If you could lift the wine carafe from shake, get those mugs, pour us some wine..." She lifts the thread and need then pokes the needle tip through skin on once side of a cut to the other. 

William stares at Kirra sewing her skin, shivers and walks around Jan's items spread over floor.

Shake lays with back against the wall and head slumped over.

The wine carafe tied to a rope around Shake's waist.

,,Shake," says William.

Shake's is still. His nose wheezes with a slow exhale.

,,Shake," says William. His hand nudges Shakes shoulder.

Shake's head moves the settles to a still states. A lower growling snoore stirs his body. Then the body settles and the slow wheeze of exhale continues. 

,,Shake, it's William." He slowly extends hand to the knot holding carafe to belt. He grabs and pulls the knot.

A knife slipes and William's head. 

William rolls back and hits a stone chair of the stone  table.

The carafe rolls away.

Shake leaps to feet and holds a dagger in each hand. His hand and forarm temble. His eyes spread wide peering at the room.

Kirra throat laughs then clenches teeth and she pushes needle through skin.

,,SHAKE," hollers William. William kick leaps from back on floor to feet on floor.

Shake blinks, lowers and slips a knife under sleeve in sheath on forearm and under his tunic. He laughs. ,,Nearly sheered some wool from the head of yours."

,,I should know better than take from you while you sleep," says William.

Shake kicks the carafe from floor to William. 

William catches then fumbles the carafe. ,,Thank you."

Shake yawns and sllides back down the wall to the floor, says, ,,Anything else."

,,No, Shake," says William. "And I apologize for disrupting your rest." He watch Shake close eyes and lay head against wall then steps watching feet by Spear and through the spread item's of Jan. He grabs two mugs from the top of the round table. "Who wants wine?"

Jan chews apple and looks up and nods.

,,Please," says Minst.

William pours wine into a mug near Minst. Then grabs a third cup, sets it by Jan then pours a long and even pour from carafe to mug. Once full he slides two mugs onto the table and fills both. He raises mug.

Kirra raises mugs.

Mugs clash and both Kirra and William smile.

They drink wine.

William grabs Kirra's mug and fills another mug with water then grabs Spear's swords and his sword laying them on the table. He dumps back on the long table and finds a flat tin with a wet stone. He pulls from a bed a pillow and tears off some of the cotton sit before the swords then nods and walks to his armor and spread his armor and daggers on the table. He picks up spear's swords and cleans and sharps the blade while drinking and pouring wine.

Kirra eats dried snake and tears some cotton from the torn pillow and cleans the dirt from her wounds and blood from around the stitched cut the pulls out her quiver and arrows pulling back the bow and testing the strenght of the arrows by inspecting their shafts and the heads. She drinks and drinks shaking a glance with Jan. Then stands and pours more wine into Jan's mug then returns to open and dry strips of leather, bundles of twine and rope. packets of power and cream. A small book.

She looks at William and watches his methodical and slow sharpening of Spear's blade. She swallows snake and drinks wine. ,,He will recover. Never have I seen a broken bone stop on from the wild."

William nods his body feels a rush of cold then a calm rise from mind followed by sorrow. He nods.

,,Buckey is now one with Valley," says Jan breaking moment of silence. "And only dies when the valley dies."

,,The valley," mutters William. "I should have never returned believe my ego alone could return honor with some shield."

,,Had you not returned," says Kirra filing a piece of triangular metal. "Jan and I would have never be lost. Or captured. Our egos as big."

William smiles and looks at Kirra. William nods. ,,Maybe our egos will allow us to kill that which killed Buckey and kills the Valley with those filthy goblins. They are the bane of existence and all that are natural."

Kirra looks at Jan. 

Jan looks from William to a pouch of allow stems. She grabs a stem and squeeze the end pushing white lotion to the tip. She rubs the allow over hands and arms. Then puts down the pouch grabs the mug of wine and drinks.

Shake snorts and jerks head up and it falls to lap.

Spear lays still breathing slow and steady.

William stands adn places William's swords in its sheath and lays the sheath by Spear. He pours more wine in mug and drinks then sets and cleans and sharpens his swords.

Wine is drank. Yawns are had. Shoulders slump and eyelids slow. Vision becomes fussy and slowl Warm spreads through their body as the wine flows through viens.

The lights near the entrance dim the fade casting darkness.

William looks up from sword and rubs eyes. ,,Magic run out."

Jan picks up a squeezed allow stem and tosses it toward door.

Light shines from the eyes and mouths of the statues illuminating the door frame.

,,Motion," says Jan.

,,Impressive," says William

,,Yes," says Minst. He looks up and rubs eyes. "Far beyond my powers." Then begins to read the spell book again moving hands and lips.

William sheath cleans swords and daggers and tears more pilllow rubbing the surface of armor. He looks though the open balcony doors and at Myst.

Myst sits lotus with hand capping knees. Her back faces William stright and strong. In her mind songs notes rise and lower feelings of hot and cold smooth and soft through out body in a minds like a swirl bringing all to one.

Reign sings and shows a path from the moutain then sings sonic notes pulling mind from moutain side to the heavan above beyond the voice of Kirra asking William to pass the carafe.

Kirra pours wine and drinks and sharpens more triangle shaped piece of iron. Head swoons and nods.

William cleans and sharpens sword and daggers. Kirra sharpens arrows. Jan slowly stretches arms and legs with eyes closed and mind feeling from body through the stone and the earht and the life between the space. Minst reads and shows spells. Myst sways with the song of Reign.

A few light from the balcony begin to shine. The smell of smoke flows and fills room. A dimm red glow grows in the distance left of Myst. 

Low pounds fill space of sounds. The the distand syncronous strikes of hammer and picks pace with the pounds. Laughter and and shouts are heard.

Myst's song plays over all these sounds.

Spear soft breathe flutters below the sounds. 

Shakes norts, snores and coughs pulls Kirra and William the smooth stokes of file and wet stone and drink of wine.

Kirra files the pile of triangle flat steel pieces on two of three sides. Finishing the last, she places each in a flat rectangular tin.

William picks up dried and salted snake and rubs slime from it with pieces of woven in the cotton pillow case. He bites the jerk and tastes the stink of slime. He gimes and and slides clean and sharp sword and daggers in scabbard and sheath. He chews and points to the wet stone and oil. He says between chews, ,,You want?"

Kirra puts the tin of arrow heads in pack and slides daggers and swords.

William slides the oil, rag and wetstone before Kirra. He looks at Myst and stretches, inhales a deep inhale and exhales slow.

Myst sits and slightly sways.

William begins to take his cleaned armor and attaches it piece by piece Then walk with sword and pack to the wall near Shake. He lays his swords on lap and lays on ground, closes eyes and slowly breathes.

The lights from the door to the rectangle table fade to darkness.

Kirra sharpens short short rubbing away small nicks and chips between longs spans of sitting with eyes closed and mind relaxing to sleep. Her eyesclose then open to a dark room. 

William, Shake and Jan snore and snort. 

Kirra moves. 

Small beams of light shine from behind.

Minst heads lays on table near his spell book and a pile of components.

Msyst lays fetal on the balcony.

Kirr a stands and grabs her swords and daggers and walks to the wall near the entrance.

Light shines following the wake of her path

Jan stirs and open her eyes starring at Kirra. Then her eyes shut and her breathing begins again.

Kirra sits below the embedded beds in the wall and between two relief statues near the entrance. She grips two daggers and listens to the tings, pings, and muffled distant talk.

The light dims the fades to darkness.

Darkness surrounds the room.

Dim lights illuminate thee darkness beyond the balcony.

Smoke and warmth flow through the open balacony door. The stone floor remains cold.

Shake sleeps. His mind is dark with shouts and fire in an endless of pit. Shake falls. He hits a stone floor. He wakes.

Darkness is.

Shake hears William, Spear, Jan, Kirra, Minst and Myst breathing and snorting sniffing and snoring. Shake feels a cool stone floor and warm air. Shake wipes saliva from face and feels the crusted blood from cheek. His head pounds with heart. His dry tongue licks dry lips. 

Sweat beads his forehead.

Shake stands.

A relief statue along the wall to the side of shake beams light to other side of wall. 

William lays illuminated. He lays on side holding sword hilt. His sword lay across the floor.

Shake lowers to the floor and crawls between the round stone table and William along the wall and below the stone shelves, behind Minst and under the shelves of books to the doors open to the balcony. 

Dim light castes from the doors into the room illuminating Minst as a silhouette. 

Shakes crawles to the middle of the door then shakes head and stands. 

Light beams shine from two statues. Light castes over Jan and Minst. 

Jan rolls over and pulls robe hood over head. Minst snores an turns head from the light.

Shake sees Myst's cloak on the floor and picks up the cloak and walks to the balcony and lays it over her fetal positioned body.

Light dot across the floor and the wall of the canyon. The red and orange light to the left glows below a wall. 

Shake looks below and sees the wall disappear into darkness. Then walks inside and sits by Minst.

Two more statue reliefs shine beams of lights.

Shake grabs his wine carafe and drinks then peers at Minst's open spell book. He then stands and lifts Minst hand from a page and being to stare at the page. 

A circle flows from the page and becomes a tube flowing past. Then two squares lift from page and merge to a triangle around the tube.

Red then purples flow from the tube and covers all. The purple spreads and circles around the rectangles separating them to squares and the squares spread to let a small white triangles flow between and up the tube and into Shakes mind.

Shake feels his body burn and mind feel to separate. 

His body floats in a tube of red then purple he reaches and tries to push and pull away, but doesn't see his hands or arms or body. He tires to scream, but hears nothing. 

The burn whiteness life. 

Then darkness is. 

A loud scream is.

Shake opens his eyes and sees a dwarven face with a white beard and bald hair standing over him.

,,WHO ARE YOU!" screams shake. His voice shaking with his body and jaw. A tear flows down his face. 

The face lifts away. ,,I'm the sage."




