,,William,'' says Myst.

William feels empty, hollow and lost in a hum vibrating around the hollow. 

Spear sniffs the scents of the hairy human beings around the nest and begins to kick out the nest.

Straw flies from under the hid and into the hall.

The straw flys and falls by Kirra.

She walks with dagger and sword in hand peering along the halls. Her leather strapped armor flows over boy finding slight curves of muscles. Her braids hand calm as she stares and waits for movement.

''William,'' says Myst. ''I know you hear the song. This song we have for us for we will live. WE will sing beyond these walls. We will find your families armor. We will find Carlos. We will sing a song for the ages.'' She rubs hand over William's back. ''William...''

William lays in a bundle of Spear's nest filling a shiver through the hallow through a song singing from his heart. His heart thumps.

''William,'' hums Myst.

The hum sooths William.

William hears Myst, but lays. The silence stops time. The silences changes time. The silence ends with thoughts in the pack's minds.

Love's soothing voice says to all. >Spear guard the door. Kirra watch the shadows.<

Spear stops tossing straw and feels a want to turn to watch the door and Kirrra.

Kirra hears Love's thoughts, but feels not need to watch the shadows when there are groups standing nears tarring with handts in hilts and shafts.

A few shadow soliders step from the shadow of a tray.

Love steps from cornor with three soldiers with steel small shields and steel short swords.

Kirra grabs knife and stands with feet apart and arms to side with hilt of short sword and dagger.

Two shadow soldiers step from shadows by a table and a tapestry. The two shadow soldiers flicker and flow around Kirra.

>I feel your anger,< sees Love to all as she looks at Kirra and walks the hall. She walks past Kirra and Spear.

Spear sniffs and peers through hall as Love walks to room.

Love sees, >|You move.<

Myst remains. She feels a force pull back her shoulder. Her shoulder pins against the wall.

Love kneels and sees. >|William.< 

William hears and feels Love's voice. A voice that echoes in William's hollow world in the body of an empty. 

>|William,< sees Love. >|You hear my voice and follow it from your mind. There is not time for fear or worry. We have time only for battle.<

Myst shakes and pulls shoulder from wall and pushes Love.

Love, kneeling on knees, tips and stands. She slaps Myst and sees loud. >|GET UP AND MOVE!<

Myst stands. She tries to sing, but is silent. She sees darkness.

Spear stares. Kirras steps and shadow soldier and soldiers stand near her.

Love's mental voice talks. >|You have not time to fear, to regret.< She steps back looks at Myst. >|You need to fight.<

William hears the thought of Love hold him like a glove then squeeze him together. William chokes and caughs spits.  

>|You stand now or die,< see Love.

William squints through the dust and light at Love's curving body. Her soft curves lead to hips and breats and round wide eyes. He nods and stand feelings sore, pulling together the hide pants.

,,William,'' says Myst. She kneels and hums and says, ''Reighn will sing a song of doom for those who have harmed.'' She reaches for William. 

William pull aways. He stands and pulls up pants and pulls rope tight around waste. His body begins to feel a broke rib, cut back.

,,William,'' says Myst.

>Turn around,< says Love.

William turns to face wall. 

Myst lifts his hide armor. She hums. She sees the cut William's back.

A stare with points at hips, shoulders and neck bleed.

Myst swings first and Love, ,,YOU!'' Myst hits Love.

And Love steps back.

Two shadow soldiers manifest from the dark holding Myst's wrists.

,,You vial being,'' says Myst. ''You did this. You helped those two beast attack.'' She pulls on arms and legs as Shadow Soldiers hold them fast. ''A fear of--''

>No,< see Love to all. >|I did not do this.< She wipes a bit of blood from her lip, licks blood and smiles. >No. I was not in control nor here. I have many ohter wars more profitable than you four tow wst mind time.< She steps back. >|If I want to punish you. I have shadow soldiers.<

William lets his hide armor fall. He turns and says leaning back against wall. ,,When do I fight?''

Myst says, ,,When do we get protection?'' She wiggles in the grasp of Shadow Soldiers.

Love looks over Myst. >You will be protected when you win. You will be protected when dead.< Love looks at William. >I have a healer coming to mend and bind wounds.< Love waves hand before nose. >|I should have thought of the assult.<

,,Why this now?'' says Myst. ''Unless for your power of us to do your bidding.''

Spear looks back. 

Kirra relaxes and stares.

Gladiators walk past.

>|Senator Ring has as many enemies. I have many enemies. You are the pawns.< Love steps and rests back against the wall. >|I can not exist all places. I have only as much time as you have life. i see you know and see your life is still short.< Love yawns. >|I suggest you remain together.< Love steps from room. >|Your fight begin early light tomorrow.< Love walks past Kirra and a long the hall.

The soldiers weiring red and black follow Love.

The Shadow Soldiers release from Kirra and become on with the dim darkendss of the Spear's nest.

Myst stepsm to William. And William steps away. ,,No,'' he says.

Myst stand and hums.

Spear walks past Kirra and after Love. All for limbs like legs. He stops and stares.

,,Remain,'' says Kirra. She sits by entrance to nest and stares along the hall.

Spear walks a circle and lays on the floor peaking into the room at William and Myst.

Myst hums and feels the sound vibrate to dissoncace around William.

William sits.

,,Your back,'' says Spear. ''A song of Reighn will sooth...''

William coughs the red hue seen by only Myst.

,,Reighn,'' says Willia. He stares at the dim as Myst hums and sing and washes his wound with water from a jug in the corner.

Myst song sings from the room and dark.

The song of ring is a low vibration from throat and soft low and high tones the rise and lower. The sounds spread liks a breeze through the hall and the minds near. The notes ease the pain from William's mind and body then calm Spear to sit and watch the gladiators pass. 

The notes cause gladiators walking past whistle along with Myst song. 

A few stop for more many notes to hear and sit and listen.

An id, an orc and two human wearing breads adn chaing shirts with black leeather pants sit and listen.

Then there is darkness and the hum.

The Song of Riehgn of Myst become tones then a soft vibration then snores.

Before sleeping, William says, ,,Reighn for give me.''

Sleep is dark, deep.

Then lights shines, and William, Spear and Kirra wake to the snores of Myst.

Kirra and Spear wake arond the id, orc and human gladiators. 

The gladiators rise and stretch and wander off one by one rubbing eyes and yawining. Their lips play vibrations of Myst's song.

Myst's snores spread and calm then Myst wakes.

William stares forward feeling empty. The star of Reighn cut in his back stings. He coughs.

,,Morning song sings like a thunder of pain,'' says Myst.

,,Yes,'' says William. He stands and walks to the hall pushing aside the hide door.

Spear raise from a sit, stand and slaps paw/hand on back of Wiliam. He falls to all fours. 

Kirra watches and hears marching.

Spear smells Love.

Love walks along the hall with soldiers. 

Shadow soldiers appear near Kirra and Spear.

A shadow soldiers appears behind Myst inside Spear's nest.

>|I am here to gather you for you fights,< sees Love to all. Her curved body flows slow and calm. Her tight leather body suits bushes breast and butt around curves. Her black hair falls over her dark green skin.

The soldiers march behind.

Myst steps from Spear's nest.

>Myst remains in the nest. Two soldiers will remain for your protection.< Love stands.

Two soldiers, a human and a hugoblins, step and stand on either side of the door to Spear's nest.

Myst nods.

William and Myst clasp a hand as they both look at Love.

Love looks at all.

William says, ,,Hide yourself with song and let another be your sight. I will not leave knowing you are not near, but far and near these beasts who can have their way with even me.'' William looks down. ''A warrior.''

Mysts says with no hum, only words. ,,A holy warror. A Warrior of Reighn.''

The stare. Myst doesn't see William. She sees colors in mind singing with the song of Reighn.

,,One can not be good if thoughts are bad,'' says William. He clenches fist.

Myst sniffs, ,,With Reighn they will hear and know the path.''

William stands with fists clenched.

Love sees, >|We leave for the fight.<

Wiliam stands naked.

Kirra grabs her white sheets and tosses it at william then grabs strap and begins to unwrap.

William catches  the white sheet bundle, open sheets and tesrs. ,,No, Kirra.'' They look at the other. ''Your armor is need  for the fight.''

Kirra pauses unwrap of strap around arm. She grabs a knife and tosses it with an arch to William.

With one hand William catch dagger and cuts white sheets, and he steps nake with Love.

Love looks at William and nods. >|You win your opponents armor and weapons.<

Love looks from William to Spear to Kirra to Myst. >|You will not be harmed or the one who harm will die.<

Myst looks at Love.

Love steps through door. >We go. You fight.<

William cuts sheets and follows william and kirra. He cuts a strip he tied between legs and around waist.

William, Spear and Kirra follow Love as Love leads along halls and up stairs.

William cuts strips and ties rope of white sheet.

Kirra walks beside love feeling her path. She flexes through muscles feeling the armor starps and boots and bracers. She hold knives.

Spear walks on all fours appear more a rat ape than a rat human. He stands up and falls to all flour. Feels and smells spread through body from direction of sense. He feels rage, hat and pain. through doors.

Love leads them from narrow glass bare hall to sipral stairs up. She sees, >|You will earn half of the winnings of the battle. The winnings half I keep is for licence, food and services.<

William ties a knot. ,,Can we buy are freedome?''

Love sees, >|If you live. You may save you money to buy your freedom.< Love glances back at William. >|If you are able to keep your money.<

Love steps from stairs to long hall

William, Kirra and Spear follow.

A wood smoke and root haze hangs between people and below glass ceiling.

Agove the ceiling feet step and people walk.

The floor below is glass.

Kirra looks down and briefly stares at a dwar looking up through the glass floor.

The smoke hue stinks eyes.

A pack of goblins push people away laughing.

A hobgoblin an a faded red and black armor uniform. staps two goblins on the head as they pass. A eight square of soldiers step between people.

People jostel, stand, group and move 

People wear dresses, pants, robes, cloacks of colors of the rainbow and materials of animal and plants. Chains and rings glimmer. 

Groups of soliders walk around a idra wearing leather armor and standing nearly twice the height of Spear. Thesoliders push a path for the id.

The people stumble and step. Some one spills ale over the floor.

Love steps over the puddle and pushes away an elf wearing shoes with bells on toes.

Love pushes through the people.

People click and click, talk and exhale. A guitar and drum plays from distant, but more near as the people stand and step.

The pack follows Love. 

Globes of light over along the walls and at the cornors. 

Crowds mass from walls and lines to halls. 

Echoes of cheers sing with clicks and mumbles.

Love sees to all. >We are walk near where you trial was held. The people here are walking to games and matches. Soldiers and masters lead the warriors through the crowd more for show than function. All pits and domes have path to walk from the gladiator section. We are crossing the Wide Hall To Fight.<

A few hugoblins wearing blouses with furry brown capes stop and point at Spear.

People stand in lines and along walls. The lines span between walls.

Through walls, bleechers descent to a bit. People stand on bleechers

The pack walks as William holds dagger and white sheet rope.

Myst glances at Williams inverted star of Reighn on back. She begins to hum with throat blow near a whistle with lips. 

William steps feeling the stink of his inverted stare of Reighn cut. He grips knife and white sheet rope watching people pass and people look over his near naked body.

A few groupd os black veiing beings with faces the color of human and goblin peer.

,,IT IS SPEAR,'' some one shouts.

Spear looks through the crowd. He jostles with William and Kirras the crowd presses.

,,When will we fight?'' says William.

>We will walk to the Rise across the hall. You should spread out. The people are your fans. They will place bets, by tickets and donate to you if they like you.<

Spear pushes back. Kirra and William open space around giving the room.

William feels the sting. Bits of blood drie on skin.

People part path from Spear.

A few say loud, ,,IT IS SPEAR!''

>You will fight in the same pit in the order of Kirra, Spear then William.< Love steps and pushes back and orc that pumps into her.

The orc grunts snorts and pushes back lavender robe revealing a wand and scimitar. Snot blows from nose. Three other orcs stops before Love and the pack.

Love stares at the orc with wand.

The other orce stop.

Spear spread a circle and people step from his path to the orc.

The orce says with a gruff grunt and slobber. ,,IT IS SPEAR!''

The orcs grunt and not.

Love leads the pack thorugh the people. People step from their path.

People squeeze and stand in line.

A four square of soldiers march next to Love. They click and clack.

Love gives them a glance.

Kirra hears them talk of direction.

The soldiers lead lover between a line and a crwod. The lines stand single to a hall. The crowed stars through the wall. The soldiers push aside the line and walk to the skinny hall.

>|We walk single file along the hall following the soldiers. We will will follow them down the stairs to the pit. You sit on a bench along the edge. You wait for each fight.< Loove leads down the hall.

The pack follows. 

>|Do not interfer with fights. Or you will die.<

Love and the part pack walks from hall to large cone of bleeches funneling to a pit far below.

The bleechers rise to a dome above and reach to the pit below.

The bleechers rise to boxes of seats before tables to glass ceiling with people laying and looking through. The seats before the tables are wide blush with red velvet shining with thelight caste from the glass floor walls ceiling. Hugoblins, gnomes, humans, elves and halfings sit along the tables heaing grabes, meats, cheeses. A few toss cubs of ales and fist fulls of food when the crowd boos.

The food flights to the bleechers extend around the dome like concentric circles. People stand and sit shoulder to shoulder chanting, starring and fist shaking to the sight at the center.

Below, in the center, lights shines from a flat glass surface. The lights shines a colum to the cceiling. Shadows of two warriors swinging swords and staff at each other caste to the ceiling.

Love and the part back descend down the glass stairs.

A few people shout, ,,IT IS SPEAR!''

A ball of food past splats by Love's feel.

Kirra and William stops and grab knives.

>We walk without stopping,< say Love.

Kirra and William step down the glass stairs.

People groups and thickne from a few to many. Empty bleecher spaces feel as they near the bottom.

At the bottom, a wall taller than spear at full reach rises from the ground around the pit. Behind the wall, the bench of warrios sit. A hole near the bench descends into a spireal stare case. A hall leads from the ring under the bleechers too darkness.

Soldiers stand by the hole to spiral stairs and the hall. Soldiers stand at the bottom of the bleechers and peer over th ground.

>You sit on end of bench. I will sit on the bleechers,< sees Love.

Kirra steps and sits on bench. Spear sits on floor near, and William sits by Spear.

An orge looks up at Kirra and Spear. He grunts and snorts, grips a great battle axe.

A tall thin human hits the glass wall and drops a staff.

The crowd behind cheers. 

Anohter human holding swords stabs the human against the wall in the chest.

Blood spreads and smears over the glass wall.

The crowd cheers. Some poo. A few pices of root slap agians the ground. One lands on Spear.

The fighters near Kirra click and clack.

The living human pulls sword from the dead body. She kneels by the body and  pulls of a necklage, bracers and a scabbard with jewels shinning. 

The living gladators stands, grabs the leg of the body and pulls it toward the hall.

A trail of blood follows the gladiators down the hall into the darkness.

Five more fights and five more bodies are stripped and carried down the hall leading under the bleecher from the pit.

One gladiator stands from end of bench near gap in wall around pit. The gladiator walks from the bend, between the gap in wall and into the ring. His foot steps in blood.

One gladiator steps from hall to pit.

A few in the crowd cheer. A few clap. One boos.

The gladiators fight.

After the fifth fight, five gladiators stand from the bench. Four die and one lives. After five stand and fight, Kirra sits at the end of the bench.

>You fight, Kirra,< sees Love to all minds.

Love stands behind Spear as Spear sits behind the bench on hand paws and butt.

Kirra flexes her arm and legs. She grabs her dagger and shorts words and steps from the bench to the gab between the glass wall to the pit. Feet skin.

From the hall, a hugoblin wearing brown studded leather loos over body and tight over legs. He grips a buckler in on hand and a flail with the other. A coil with spikes on top covers head and ears. 

>Kirra, when he steps into the ring the fight begins. You must kill it,< sees Love.

The gladitor from the hall steps into the ring. 

Kirra shuffles along the rim of the pit while facing

Kirra stafes along the eddge of the ring.

The gladiator raises its flail and pushes buckler forward. Back is hunched and eyes watching around Kirra. Feet step slow.

Kirra stand with sword and dagger.

They both dance around the pit.

the flail ball hangs.

A shout spreads from a deep voice, ,,FIIIGHT.''

Clicks and clacks spread like wood blocks hitting. 

The gladiator steps side to side to side and begins to twirl the ball and chain of flail.

A deep thunk click begins to hit in rythim.

Kirra stares and holds feeling the motion and timing of the swining ball.

The gladiator lunges at Kirra.

The crowd cheer, but she doesn't hear as she crouches and spins, slices sword at waist and pokes a stab at armbits. 

The gladiate riasea arm and bends back mid trun missing Kirra' blades. 

Kirra's blades cuts the shoulder of Gladiator.

The gladiator swing shield back slaming it against Kirra shoulder as Kirra stand and ducks another swing of the flail.

The flail ball spins and twists at Kirra. 

Kirra bends back, ducks and steps agains the glass wall, ducks as the ball of the flail strikes the glass wall. 

Kirra rolls and stands, spins and swings sword.

The gladiator follows her roll with a turn and hits the sword with the flail and hits Kirra's dagger hand with shield and kick's Kirra's stomach.
Kirra steps back, knocks flail ball with short swords, swing and cuts the warrior and coughs. 

The gladiator kicks sand from the pit floor, swings flail and spins at Kirra away from her dagger swipe.

The flail ball hits Kirra's shoulder leather armor.

Kirra swipes the dagger, cut's hand of Gladiator, feels the thunk of steel ball on shoulder, drops dagger.  She grabs the flail hand.

the gladiaotr punches kirra's face with shield.

Kirra swings sword at the gladiator. The sword hits the side of the shild and hip of warrior. Kirra kicks the crotch of the gladiator and kicks steel. Her shoulder and foot rings.

The hold each other and push, pulls and step around grunt, spitting, kicking.

They part.

Kirra swings and stabs shorts sword, dogdges and weaves around from flail and shiled and foot kicks.

The gladiator bends away from swings and deflects stabs as he spins and swings flail.

Kirra steps back and back and back as the gladiator swings and swing and swings. She watch the spin of hte flail, the hugoblin's sharp green face with black eyes. She hits the glass wall.

the flail ball hits Kirra's hand.Kirra drops the short swords, ducks and rolls away from the spinning flail ball, rolls under the shield to the knees of the warrior.

The gladiator hits flail against Kirra's back.

Kirra loose short sword rolls to the gladiator knees, grabs ankle and punches knee, see the fallen knife grabes it.

The gladiator stumbles back with the flail hanging and shield down. He steps and swings ball. 

Kirra throw dagger.

The dagger sings in the throat of the gladiator.

The gladiator steps, stares, falls. 

Kirra lays.

A few in the crowd cheer. A strink of root falls and slaps into the pit.

Pains shoots through body.

Love sees to mind, >|You need to stand and pull the body down the hall. You will be guide to a place to sit and watch the fights end. The body will be kept with you to take later.<

Kirra lays, stands. Four balls of pain pulse around body. With one hand she grabs an angle of the hugoblin gladiator and drags him down the hall looking at William and Spear.

She pulls them into a ball of lights. A voice clicks and clacks then says with suface talk. ,,Walk wane into the light. Fight a seat and watch.''

She looks to the wane. 

The darknees become light.

The light illuminates warrors sitting sitting hunched over on bench looking at the dead warriors under the bench. 

A few warriors stand and follow a hugoblins dressed in robes. The gladiators carry dead bodies over shoulders. 

''Sit. Wait for your master to come,'' says the voice like a ghost.

Kirra pulls the body along the floor and pushes the body under the bench then sits. 

A window seeing to the pit is before. 

Kirra watches Spear walk into the pit.

Spear stands.

Love sees to Spear's mind, >|Fight.<

Spear steps into the pit and stands on hind legs raise three heads taller than his human form.

An id steps from the darkness of the hall to the light flexing for arms of muscle. Chain shees wrap around chest, stomach, waist and legs. Silver rings lop around two wrists. The id holds to bucklers and a shorts swords. Another hand holds a small shield. The blue id skinn seems to blend with th chain mail the neds a shoulders like a vest. The black hair of the id falls over the sholders.  Thick legs steps from glass to pit.

Spear stide steps, rises to full heigh on hind legs and leaps to the side.

The id steps a blur at Spear, but Spear steps and spins a side back fisting the id across jaw and scrapes claws along id's back chainmail mesh.

Spear lands and leaps back at the id.

The id stops and pivot with a stap of short swords. The three bucklers rise before Spear.

Spear hits the bucklers with body and hits the flat of the short sword's.

Short sword nips Spear shoulder.

Spear punches the ids face as he hits the shields and stops stands.

The short swords sword at Spear.

Speaer grabs the swords arms, is hit by two shields, ducks a third while crouching grabbing neck of id with other hand,

The id's long blue neck flexes against.

A buckler hits Spear's face.Spear squeezes sword holdigin and and wrist, and raors a roar with no sqeek sweeping the lips of the id.

Three buckier shields beat Spear.

Spear sweeps foot over ground and sweeps foot from pit floor. They falll.

Three hand grab Spear as they fall. One hand grabs snout and reaches for eyes. One snout grabs hair. On slams buckler over face and snout.

Spear dodges punch and spams nose of id. 

The id emits a fume of mustard. 

Spear pushes back sword hand and squeezes neck then coughs and cough. 

Saliva fills mouth.

Spear bits the hand on face.

Two id hands squeece Spear's thick necks as the bodies roll over the glass floor covere with patches of dirt and sand.

Spear holds out over nose and cheeks paiting the blue skin with green blood. 

Sharp tart like a thousand lemons shakes Spear.

Fists punch Spear.

Spear squeezes forcing the repulsive taste of lemon and smell of mustards squeeze, bent and bread the wrists.

With a whistle and throw, the id pushes, pulls and kicks from Spear.

Spear rolls to feet and grabs the short sword from the grround. He tosses sword along the hall.

The id stands hunched with one hand holding broke wrist and two hands holding bucklers. The id side steps around the rind.

Spear follows step feel the heart rush calm. Feels the muscles cools. Feel the mind things and ring.

The id rushes Spear.

Spear duckes, weaves by the blurr of the id. Spear reachs and grabs arms, twist, breaks arm.

The id falls to ground.

Spear reaches and drops knees on back of id, grabs the face and twist the head.

The id's neck snaps.

The crowd shouts and claps. People stand in the isle and watch Spear.

Kirra and William watch Spear.

Spear feels the roar of the crowd sooth his thumping heart.

Spear feels a warm spread over body and hears a whistle sound lick blow from the lips.

Spear grabs the id, a buck;er and pulls the id along hte hall grabbing the short sword along the way. He walks along the dark hall with the echo of the crowd.

A few people chant, ,,IT IS SPEAR! IT IS SPEAR! IT IS SPEAR!!!''

Spear sits next to Kirra.

Kirra and Spear stares thorugh the glass at William.

William hears in mind Love's voice, >|Stand and fight William.<

William sits. He grabs his white sheet rope and dagger. He looks at his naked body. He stares at his guantlet.

The crowds claps calm and chants for Spear become talk then mummbling words. People stand and walk the steps to the tunnels. They eat and drink and stare at the ring before William.

William sits alone on the bench.

People stand from benches and walk from the seats. A few walk to the seats and sit.

>William,< sees Love's voice to his mind. >|You need to stand and fight the gladiator to win to live.<

William stands.

The mumbles calm as William stesp dress in white sheet shorts and an inverted star of Reighn on his back. He breathes. He hums two notes long and low then three high and quick.

The crowd quiets. A few boo then a laugh from a group behind William.

William steps between the gap in glass wall.

A root hits back of head and falls to ground.

Laughter behind spread to a few. ,,IT IS MY GIRL FRIEND!''

William hear the voice and the laughter tune his him quiet with pain and memory. He looks back. 

The two hairy humans... One wears the bracers around foreamrs. The other wears the circle breast plate. One hold his knife and the other holds the buckler. One raises the buckler and arm and smiles then points the dagger tip at William. One hairy humans laughs. 

William raise fist and turns, grabs the root weed and peers at the two big hairy huamns.

One of the hairy humans puts hands by mouth and shouts. ,,YOU MINE?''

A few around laugh.

>William,< sees Love with force that numbs feeling of rage. >|You need to save the rage and hate you feel for the fight. A song to hold the mind will control the rage.<

William stands.

,,FIGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHT!'' shouts a goblin accent voice that clicks with the T

>William, step into the ring and fight,< says Love's mental voice.

William blinks away the rage. He can't remembe what he was seeing before seeing the fighting bit, but that doesn't matter to William fall that William can think of the fight.

Wiliam step into the ring and stands.

And William stands as the crowd quiets, as people leave, as laughter and boos rise and lower like a song over the crowd.

William stares and stand and waits and watches and his short and long hum beat plays in mind. His breath feels then pace...

Then a halfing wearing a shirt of bronze slats pulled with steel links around brown armor over chest, legs and arms runs from the tunnel and leaps at William.

The gladiator's net is thown at William as the halfing rolls and stand behind William stabbing a trident at William's back.

The net catches William's arm and head.

William's arms and head ar jerked. His eyes follow the smaller gladiator's path behind then strike with the trident. William jerks with head and puches with guantlet hitting the trident.

The trident tip cuts William's hips.

William jeks and is pulled and stumpes, falls against the glass wall. 

The crowd cheers and laughs. 

The end over the trident stabs at William.

William hits away the trident end tries to clasp and hold the triedent end, but the trident end slides through is clasp into his chest with a thump. 

The gladiaotr kicks foot agains the hands and chest pulling away the end of the trident. She pulls her net.

William rolls and pulls against the net. and stands.

The net is yanked.

William steps, stumbles and falls.  He swings guantlet fist before he hits the ground. He hits the ground and fist hits the foot.

The trident is stabbed at Wiliam. 

William moves wrapping himself in net, but rolling away from the end of the trident.

A trident end stabs Williiam. 

Wililam rolls.

The trident falls to floor. 

Willliam rolls back, over the trident end.

William rolls and pulls and flex at the net. His guantlet hand grasp with naked hand  and both pulls. 

The net breaks.

The gladiator lifts and pulls on the trident while kicking William's head. The gladiator kicks William's face.

William's head snaps as he snaps another net thread and pulls. His hands and let go of rope as his body is stunned.

William swings two fists wild from a net. His bare fist hits the shoulder of the gladiaator. William hears his breath in head create a pace.

The gladiator lets go of the trident beneaht willaim and pulls out a knife while kicking William in the face again.

William swings fists  and pulls an nets from body, rolls at the halfling. His heart creates a beat.

The halfing kicks and kicks and kicks steppeing adn holding knife for a stab.

William sid kicked an the back aside, back side. and he rolls at the gladiator. His breath and heart find a pace.

The net fall from William. 

William lifts to a knee.

The gladiator kicks William's shoulder.

William falls back on his butt then is kicked on the chin with the foot of the gladiator. He swing arm and hits away a foot near face. Heart and breath keep the pace and breath and William hums at the pain as he hits.

The gladiator swipes and kicks stomping foot after and swinging blade in circles. 

William rolls away, grabbs knife and net, sees the white sheet rope. He rolls to feet as he leaps a back from the knife blade and hits wall. A deep vibration like the sound from Myst's throats rases and lowers like a violine solo.

The gladiartor cuts William's stomach. 

Myst's hum beats with heart and rises with breath.

Willima bunchs the face of the halfling and throws the net over the gladiator, pulls and steps from the wall to center of ring dancing around the gladiator like hearing a song.  He step and throws arm out with knife tips hitting the amors place, cutting hid, nipping skin.

The gladiator ducks and rises to a stand and dancs back on toe tips. She cuts the net and pulls another dagger.

The net falls. 

William walks on toe tips back to the trident holding the white sheet rope and the dagger. The hum is played with Strings as William feels the song spread.

The crowd around cheers.

The warriors no not there is anything to hear.

The gladiator throws a dagger and steps and swipes blade and William.

William's guantlet fist lifts to head.

Knife hits guantle and cuts forearm. Dagger swiped nicks William shoulder.

William swings the loop of the white sheet rope cenched by guantlet. The loop catches the gladiators forarm and the gladiator pulls away from William's strike.

The gladiator's body jerks like a caught fish. 

William stabs with knife and cut the shoulder of hte gladiator. His knife breaks on the amor.

The gladiator pulls a nother knife from sheath and  cuts Williams chest and leg, and kicks at Willam.

William swips and swings arms and steps back and finds feet and ducks away from the knife swipes. Stands and steps around looking at the gladiator, bleeding, breathing and sweating hearing a song of thoat vibrations and whistles like of Myst.

The gladiator swings contolled swipes at William while peering at William, staring and waiting.

They dance a circle around the pit with fight giiving slight sleep between the sand and glass.

William steps to heart beat and the moves with the flow of the repeating throat vibratsion.

They dance a few more steps.

Wlilliam says, ,,Reighn repent and protect me from the pain.'' William hears Myst vibration and whistles. He feels a string strike through is body that vibrates his sore muscle numb. A vibration like the vibration from Myst's through sings through William's mind and body.

Dagger cuts his leg.

Blood drips from Williaim. 

William stand and stares and steps and moves with the slow and deep song. We ducks and steps away from the strikes of the blades while whipping the white sheet rope.

A click chant plays with the song. The gladiator is in William's stare.

The gladiator dance near the trident.

William sees the arm bend to throw and body reaching for the trident. William steps with beat, ducks, tumble rolls end over end under the dagger throw and kicks feet out kicking under the jaw of the gladiator as she reaches for the trident and swings dagger.

Gladiator's head fips back, and body follows to floor.

William stands to strike.

The gladiator lays still.

William stands.

Love sees to William, >|Kill it.<

William stares.

Love sees to William, >|Kill it.<

William breathes. ,,Where is Myst?''

Love sees to William. >|Kill it.<

<No,> thinks William. He stands. ''Where is Myst?''

>Kill it and take the body in the tunnel?< sees Love.

A slap of root slaps to the ground by William's feet. The song in William's mind plays from his breath and heart beat.

One of the huge hairy humans shouts, ,,WWWWIIFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFEEE.''

A sharp click snaps from a group.

William looks around the crowd.

>Kill it,< sees Love. >|Kill it know and you live later. Kill it know and earn a way for fights to live another light.<

A flat click is clicked by a group of orges. Then the orgers click again with sodliers standing near the gab of the wall. Then the crowd all clicks a click and clicks a click and clicks a click...

A knife stabs William foot.

The hafling punches William's knee.

William punches, punches and punches his guanttle face of the gladiator.

William punches as the click quiets.

William punches as the crowd stares.

William punches.

The woman's face jerkes, bouces, breaks, bleeds from William's punch. The halfing body shakes and quivers then lays still. The glowing eyes stares still at William.

William breathes, sweats, stands. Blood covers body. William says, ,,Can't be good if thought bad.''

The crowd is quiet.

William thinks, <Where is Myst?>



