William hears two songs through a dark void of sihlouettes and darkness.

From rat squeeks and Love's purr, a thumb paces the song through William's mind as his own beat slows and spreads William's soul through the minds of those that know of William's life.

William's soul spreads through song into the minds of Kirra, Spear, Guile and Myst.

Spear, Guile and Kirra follow the squeek song the sing to a hum and beats from Myst. They step around Myst and in the song the flows with wistles, claps, pounds, talk and humms with Myst's soul song.

Myst's soul song ripples the water around William's body.

William's body flaots like William's soul floats as energy thoughts and emotional thoughts spread from the song around the pool and the emotion and memories through the halls of the warriors and the prime material plane. William's soul fragments flow through the plane to the song with the thoughts of the pack bring emotion back to William's soul. 

William's soul hear the song Reighn sing his form to song and spread through the talk of William the warrior, William the Friend, William the Dead.

William's soul floats to the Song of Reighn beyond the dark and sight to the ever song. Bright lights twinkle with hum of song through the dark and the sihlouets.

Souls of song sing through William creating fields of people dancing over grass planes with song rising their bodies to the blue sky and from the blue the body spreads to black and dark warm grape feeling mass toward a symphony of lickle and love bliss like all the want of life in one song.

William's soul floats flows toward one song as another sings with rat squeeks and chants and hums. A pound beats slows her float, and William's soul.

William soul floats between a bright song of everything and a hum of the only thing. A soft deep voice that purrs deeper than Love's psoinic site and smother than fur rug from am mountain kirri. A soft voice that sings to one point all of William's bits of soul found in the thought and talk and energy of William. 
 
A low moan sings around and feels to cover William and pull his soul aray from the haromony and point of everything.

William's soul becomes one. As one, the soul flows to a hum sings a mind to the massless soul. From the mind, a heart beats with the beat of a deep boom pounding andsinging through physical halls and room. The beat pulses all the pieces fo William's soul and guides it through the darkness and sihlouttes of the plane between the prime material plane. 

A low moan flows around William and flows through world around William.

William feels heat puump through chest, neck, head, arms and legs unil the fingers clench and fists, and William's body jerks and splashes to life in a Pool of Tune while Myst leads the song sung by all in robes and Kirra, Spear and Guile.

William feel through thought and souds. ,,>Banish the undead. Challange a relative. Destroy the philarcary of the Lich Priest Queen. Can't be good if bad thought is seen. Won't find evil if evil you believe.<''


