William splashes and twists in water. Splashes wave to edge.

Spear leaps into the pool. He sinks to the knees of four legs and splashes toward William and the bubliing center.

Kirra grabs dagger and peers to those near and far.

Guile mental shouts through the room.

Myst feels her song stop. Her body feels William. She steps into the water.

The water splashes toward William.

William sinks, bobs, floats and treads water. 

The bubbling cold water flows from center bubbling water spreading from center. 

Spear's claws grabs the wet white sheet and pulls it from Willaim

Wililam turns and twists. Head goes under water. His body thrashes. Hands reach for a dagger, but it hip. Body gulps water.

Through the water, Myst song vibrates around William.

The water sooths and massages William to calm and float. 

Myst grabs William's head.

William pukes water from mouth and latches on to Myst feeling both the song from Reighn and beyond to her. He opens mouth and tries to speak, but only whispers, ,,Reighn.'' He coughs and sees Spear.

Spear steps backward from the pool feeling the peer of William.

Myst hold William as William climbs Myst.

Then Myst and William swim toward Spear, Kirra and Guile. 

Spear splashes from water and scampers around the robes standing, sitting and sleeping around the mound. Drops patter with a whisle from a tall robed being near the exit of streams flow.

Willams splashes of short paddles. William's Wane arm raises when he felt his Wax arm should lower. Feet kick Rise and Set to gether with he feels they are moving Rise and Set  splishes with click and hums and rapid taps of Myst's fingers on her drum.

William treads water after Myst huming soothing chills over Williams in wave and ripples.

Warm spreads through William with ripples of hums and soft taps of drum. William's arms stroke as one as leg kick with feet for William to swim to the edge of the pool after Myst.

Myst step setwards from pool between Kirra and Guile.

Kirra peers through the robes and squits for shadows and rats.

Robes stand and watch. They sway. One robed being as tall as a halfing twirls from the top of the mound to the bottom singing a high moan through the room.

The moan feels for the song of...

William's feet touch the bottom of pool.

The pool rises.

Kirra extends an arm and crouches.

William grabes her forarm and jerkst to stand.

Guile holds the hilt of his Heart Dagger. ,,You alive with troll death moan.''

William blinks, ,,Guile?'' He peers throgh the dim dark. ''Where?''

''You die,'' says Guile.

William stares at  Guile. ,,You died. I seen it with my own eyes. And here we meet.''

Spear squeeks a raor and scampers to William.

William steps back with hilt and turns to see Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,Stop. Wil. You alive. Myst sing you to life.''

William looks from Kirra to Guile. ,,Are we all dead for I feel a burn inside grow from a song?''

,,Can't be good if thought bad,'' says Guile.

William closes eyes. ,,If you sing more you'll make me sad.'' William steps twoward Guile and says, ''Where have you heard that song?''

Guile steps back and puts hand on hip near the hilt of heart dagger. ,,Shake.'' He looks around. ''Shake sing the song.'' He looks at Spear then William. ''I said it when we in jail.''

,,Can be good when thought bad,'' says William as he stares around and focus on Myst.

Myst sings and stands and waves her hands in slow circles and thumping her drum. The slow pounds of drum boom through William and thump Willaim's heart and wamr guile's body.

Guile's hand lowers from hips and dagger hitl.

William looks te Kirra.

Kirra shrugs and nods head back. ,,Mind better be healed.''

spear rises in hinds legs to a toweing hights. He trusts  fore legs at William then lands and walks away letting focus and head bob with a clapping and stomping robed being.

The stomping and clapping spins and clashes to a beat.

The beat spreads through Spear, and Spear stesp to beeat and aways  head like a huge drunken rat.

Guile sniffs and wipes nose with sleeve of robe of Riegh. He ooks at the robe adn the sees the silver marks glows with the thumps of Myst's drum beat.

Myst pounds the drums the rattels a tap toe silence letting her hum calm. Her arms fall.

Her rappid drum top clap is slapped by the stomping robbed being leading Spear.

,,You,'' says William. ''I...'' He steps toward Myst.

,,Fight,'' says Kirra. ''We go. Shades chase. Rats gather and lead.''

William steps toward Myst starring at Myst as Myst stands and stares with her hum flowing and defining william to her blind mind.

,,Myst,'' says William. ''I...I have been through a battle of my soul from the mind theives. I...'' He steps toward Myst and looks at Kirra and Spear. 

Kirra steps with hands at sides add no sound to the soft and quiet song of. ,,We go. We need to leave. Before minds found.''

Guile sniffs. ,,Caravan across the desert from here. We sneek with help of Branching.''

Kirra spits. ,,Branching. Love.''

Guile sneers. ,,You have better path?''

William stops step and stands before Myst. He looks down at the ground.

,,Don't look down.'' sing Myst. ''You will see.'' She grabs his hand. ''Up we be.'' 

William lifts head. ,,I know the bad beyond good. I have seen and done acts that only the music of Myst feel to purify with a vision of overcoming the corrput of power.''

Kirra walks to Spear.

And Spear sways and hops, spinds and dips with the clap and foot slap of a robed being.

Two other robed beings dance, and one sings. 

The sound of the song feels to contract around the claps and ffot pds of Spear.

Guile and Kirrra stare at Spear.

Guile coughs. The cough sings with the song. One mimics the cough and sneezes.

The sound of the cough vibrates cool through Guile's lung cooling a burn and itch through throat and lungs.

Guile stands still and stares at the dance as the pain in ankle tingles to warm hum that sooths.

William stands and stares at Myst with mouth beginning to hum in tunue with a throat hum from myst's thraot.

Kirra steps from a stands and say, ,,WE GO!'' 

Her voice echoes, and few priest of tune float in their robes toward Kirra sining ton high and lone tones, ,,We Go, We go. We go,'' the sounds spread and hit the clap
 beat. 

Kirra shurgs and shackes head. She looks from dancing spear and slaps William on shoulder. ,,We leave. Guile here knows way.''

William stares at Myst and glances at Kirra and continues tare an myst. Their hands touch. Then William says, ,,I am home when I am in the song of Reighn.''

Myst says, ,,I am home.''

They hum together.

Kirra walks to the river and drinks water speering around the room..

Around the room, priest in robes sleep and kneel. They eat leafs and brown root. They drink water from cupped hand dipped into the water the flows. 

Kirra drinks the water and stands. She says loud, ,,Where shit?''

Myst smiles. Her smiles lifts. 
 
William's feels her smile pull mind from a song singing to his soul to close the thoughts of blood and death.

Myst says with a syllable beat, ,,I will guide your song to find the long place to sit.''

Guile smiles, ,,And you shit.''

Myst steps back and spins and sways between beats of the claps of the priest near Spear.

The claps stop, and Spear sways to a still. He blinks and sniffs and steps after Myst.

Spear pisses on the floor.

Kirra smiles and follows Myst. William stares and follows with Guile breathing deep feeling no burn or itch. He burps and steps after Myst.

Myst leads the pack along all following the water flow along a hall.

William rubs his throat, ,,Where have I been? Where do we go?''

Myst sings a high tone. Tone fades. ,,Where's Minst?'' says Mary.

,,Minst?'' says Guile. 

Spear, Kirra and William look at Guile.

,,Minst. Alive.'' He sniffs. ''I think alive. Senator Ring and Love didn't see. Would see more than alive. They didn't say dead. Said he's gone.''

,,Not ask anything from friends,'' says Kirra.

Guile snorts, ,,Friends. Masters.''

Kirra and William nod.

Robes sit. They let the pack pass without moving their hoods or turning heads. 

Kirra hears a tone change in the song through the hall. The song through the hall riseses in volume.

Guile doesn't hear the change in volume. He watches the lights dance and sends a mental shout. The mental echoes of song see to Guile's mind. The robe over Guile's shoulders becomes heavy and warm. The song sings from Guile's maze of lights and shines the lights bright. Guile steps lights with with Myst.

Spear hears the tone change and feels the fear, awe, lust, hope emotions feel from them to him. He walks behind Myst and near Kirra and Guile.

William walks on the side of Myst. A flute and guitar strings pluck and whistle like water trickling over rocks. The flute and strings tickles over a burn in William's back. A light shines through his mind. See sees and feels with Myst and feels the sorrow for the loss of Minst. Flashes of rage and shouts at Minst flash in William's mind. He raises a hand.

Myst grabs William's hand and lifts his hand. She steps to a stands and stop while raising William's hand.

William's hand reflects the dancing light.

Myst rubs hand over the cold steel surface that wrinkles like skin, but feels like stone.

Kirra glaces at the robed being, William's hand, says, ,,The guantlet mark.'' She walks forward through the hall quietly stepping along the edige of the wide stream.

Spear sniffs a path to a group of robed being sleeping.

,,You have steel hand,'' says Guile. He grabs the hand and peers at the hand then William.

William and Guile stare. 

Guile snorts release William's hand, says, ,,No need for guantlet,'' walks with Kirra scrapping feet against ground. Cool lungs burn and snot gather around nose. 

Wiffs of shit swan. 

Myst rubs William's hand and rises head to face William. ,,Do you feel my touch or feel our song over the skin?''

,,No,'' says William. He sees flashes of fucking Love and cut leg from minotaur. Blood smell and the stare of rieghn on back burns. William feels no touch on his steel hand. He closes steel fist.

,,I pee in water,'' says Guile louds.

Guile, Spear and Kirra walk as sihlouettes to the twinkling dark.

Myst sings a sigh and spread sorrow to the claps and water tingles. She holds William's steel hands and they walk after Kirra, Spear and Guile.

Guile feels a burn through body as he hosl the pressure to pee. He stands by the edge of water and lifts robe.

,,No,'' sing Myst. She steps and runs. Her robe sways and swishes. She runs to Guile and sing a tone.

Light shines over a hole near the edge of the tunnel wall about a stone throw from their stand.

''The dark in the light is where the waste need fall,'' says Myst.

Guile lower robes and walks to the hole and the light. He lifts robe and pees as the pack walks around the area near the hole.

Myst says as if singing then ends with talking tone. She feels the echo of her tone from the pack and feels the tension, anger, rage. ,,Where...Have you, been.'' She swallows. ''What happened William?'' She steps from the pack. ''Where have all you been to create these feelings of pain and lost while I have been one with Reighn?''

William clenches his steal fist.

The pack walk silent for a few steps then Kirra says, ,,Fighting.'' she stesp around a preist sitting lotus near the water tapping tapping iti with the pace that was Myst's drum tap.

Guile pees and leans head back lets loos a great exhale of relief and says. ,,I raise from dead. I toutured to show Troll Death Moan. I was mind raped for control. I was force to work in the gladitor pits. I clean piss and shit and blood. I see warriors die. I helped save William buy taking the guantlet.'' His pee streams to drops and he shakes off. ''I am a puppet of Senator Ring and Love.''

Spear squeeks. He feels Guile's thoughts of fear loathing hate awe. Spear walks and sits near the pack.

Myst says, ,,And William.'' She raises her hand and lays it on William's throat. ''What happened to you, my William?''

Vibration from hand to throat into William's mind. 

William's heard vibrates and memories shake with a hum then blurr, become one.

William hums. The hum heard by Spear, Guile and Kirra show of lust, hate, passion, rage and choas between a few blinks of the eyes.

William grabs Myst's arm and pushes hand away. He holds lips closed, says, ,,A song can wait. We need to let Reighn remember beyond the memory of a God.''

Giule snorts and spits down hole and shakes and shuffles. ,,We need to get the caravan? Meet Ghhrend. Leave city?''

,,Ghhrend?'' says Kirra.

,,What caravan?'' says William.

Spear squeaks and nods head toward the dark of the tunnel.

Guile clear throat and spits down hole, steps bac and pulls robe over body. ,,Caravan rolls over desert to the Rise.'' He steps. ''Caravan leaves next rise?'' He looks up. ''How long...''

Myst says, ,,We are living during the quiet song of night over the desert. The light seen is from the song you hear.''

,,Dark out,'' says Guile. ''Early light. Leaves.''

,,Where?'' says Kirra.

,,How?'' says William steeping to Guile. ''Lost I felt we were slaves to them, and now we are to escape or leave with them. Fomr here?'' He looks at Guile.

,,You not talk with Love,'' Guile steps from William and toward Myst. ''They want you dead. They want us dead. We be dead. We are not dead.'' He snarles and bits. ''You know how to leave. Or you want cut throat.''

William clenches fist.

Spear leaps between William and Guile.

A whislte sing through William's mind soothing heart beat and steel fist.

Guile steps back. During the step, he feel and see through his mind for the purr, but feel a slow throb begin to pump pain after each breath. The lung burn. Guile focuses on the lungs burn, creates a site to feel with the burn and thinks with burn in the pain. His foot falls and he says, ,,They want William. William wears glove without curse.''

,,Why?'' says William. ''Am I a goblins and realitive of a powerful goblin that needs to be killed by the goblins.'' He smirks.

Guile snort. ,,Yes.'' Guile pulls and room adjusting it to fit while focusing the thought through pain filter. ''I see their thoughts. They see lie to pack.'' He points to self. ''I say no.'' He points to William. ''You have better path across desert we go.''

William hears the song and sees flashes of a skelton in a black robe lift a septer. The tip of the scepter shine and blinks the mind sight of William. He hears deep voice hum then whisper word like sounds as he hears the sound beyond. He looks to Myst.

Myst hears the hums and smiles. ,,Hum your song, William if you have had a site while dead.''William hums.

Guile snorts. Kirra sits lotas with back against wall and bag before her. She opens it. 

Spear lowers snout to water and drinks, watches gray robes and shadows.

Gray robe sits and sway and walk past singing with talk. The shadows span and shift with the twinkling lights shining from water. Darkness spans beyond.

In the darkness of mind, Myst inhales silence and exhales a whistle that hums. The hums bring whispers from the dark, and the dark twinkles and shines like lights dance from water voer the ceiling or twinkling in the sky. 

William raise and lowers hum volume in tone to create beats. The hum vibrates through thoughts and shakes images blood, flesh and feelings of rage and lust to shake to image of stone walls and arches rising to a dark cap and faded image of a black dragon. A black dragon flies through Myst's mind. The black dragon image flies from Myst's mind to William's mind with black wings flapping in Guile's mind.

The vision of from Reighn of William and Myst breaths a cone of acid that spray's into Spear's mind.

Spear raise head from water and sight to the dark to look at Myst.

Myst hums to a whistle and rattles taps and changing beat with her index finger on drum. The drum taps flap with the dragon wings as the dragon flies through halls and vast carvern of carved city of stone.

The vision of the black dragon rises and bursts from stone streets and flies from stone castle walls and catherdials and homes spreading around and to a great wide VAlley. The vision black dragon soars to the dark and the twinking star light toward the sihlouette of the soaring mountain tops.

The feeling of wind spreads over the minds of William, Guile and Spear. 

The vision of the black dragon becomes dark with night. Then a single point of light shines from the twinkling light from the sky through the stone buildings, the stone ruins and to a skelton creature holding a silver shining small shield with runes carved around the edge and around a red ruby. 

Red shines bright in all minds, but Kirra. 

All but Kirra blink.

Kirra sits and counts her coins and orders knives. 

Myst's fingers slow finger tapping. 

A robe covered being keeps the beat upstream by slapping the steam top.

,,Our path.'' She puts a hand on Guile's shoulder. ''We follow your plan Guile of following the caravan across the desert. Reighn sees it to be.'' She looks at Wiliam. ''Reighn sees through Willam to the Rise. it is the song to be sung.''

Spear raises on hinds feet and squeaks. He walks toward the pack and by Kirra.

Kirra grabs a gold necklace and earing from the a monk fought long ago. She puts the necklace around neck and clenches ear rings.

Guile sniffs. ,,Can't be good if thought bad.''

Kirra stands and points at the coins, bags, sacks, wraps, and bundles over floor. ,,This we have from the warriors.''

William nods at Kirra and looks at Myst. He says, ,,The thought is good, but dangerous. What ever pawn piece I play they will want to control it until it does?''

Myst nods and grabs his hand. She hums deep like the hum in William's mind and they connect as William continues to talk.

Wiliam says, ''I will follow Guile away from this place to seek a site I have seen while I was dead.''

Kirra huffs. ,,No other path across desert. And why Set. Journ Rise, Wax. Away from the goblins.''

,,No,'' says William. 

Myst releases William's hand.

William looks at Kirra. ,,We journey to the Rise to see the empire and help the war stop for I see the song, and I see we are needed to stop this war machine and slow it to bring a change.''

,,Goblins,'' says Kirra.

Myst smiles and breaths and soothing hum. ,,Goblins are creatures that believe and think. And if what I seen hold true then what we seen is the Oracal Lich of Zeta.

A few robes walk past. Their hoods turn to face Kirra. 

Kirra huffs and folds arms. ,,Goblins. They destory all they touch.''

William lets arm falls to side, ,,All races kill what they touch.''

,,If I am to travel,'' say Myst. ''It will be for Reighn and this vision for as I stand here I hear the song change and speak through the song we hear hummed and pounded from Reighn through is muses.''

Guile sniffs. ,,Don't sound different.''

Myst raiase a hand and lays hand on Guile's back. ,,Listen, Guile, for your mind hears beyond itself. Your mind will hear this song.''

,,Is there time, Guile?'' says Kirra.

Guile nods and listens to the song.

The song through clerics is a steady low hum with tricking splash falling over and with a clack. A pop of mouth and stick hit agains the glass floor paces all together. The hum hums for ten pop beats the rises a tone for ten pop beats then lower a tone for ten pop beats. The hitting of water and staff against glass sets a pace the same as a whistle blows from silense through the hum and with the drum.

Guile smiles, ,,I hear. We go to the caravan. I see.''

Williams steps back. ,,We have  to follow and travel across this great land into realms unknown to follow Rieghn's vision.'' William feels the mark over his back sooth as a song of whislters plays through Williams mind. ''And Kirra, we will find if there are goblinkin that are loving beings like those we found in the swamp.''

Guile snorts. ,,You mean the ones you killed? goblins blamed for killing your people?'' He smirks. ''Your death make you feel good and holy.'' Guile points to self. ''Feel week. Dust makes a cough deeper.''

William says with sooth tone. ,,Give your mind and body and spirit to Reighn and you will feel the heal.'' William clenches iron first. ''I feel reborn. I feel all the confusion of hate now sings a song that seeks harmony of through this world of voilence.''

With William's words, the burning throug Guile's lungs sooths, and the snott dries.

Guilre breathes deep and scratches armpit.

Spear squeaks as Spear feels a surge and rush from ground to body. He stands on hind legs and points to the rise.

,,Gods,'' says Kirra. ''Across the desert not here. Guile knows more. Tell.''

Guile sniffs. ,,What time is?'' He mumbles a count. ''One, two...

,,The bright song of Reign rises from the planes over the span of the silent desert,'' says Myst.Giule hears a tone change sin the song and snorts. ,,Go. Caravan leaves Light after the last fight. Last fight last light.''

Kirra kneels before her spread booty and looks up at Guile, ,,Where we go?'' Then she looks at the items. She grabs a ring with a red ruby.

Guile looks at the ring. He see an aura from the magic weave radiate in his thoughts.

,,Talk,'' says Kirra.

Spear falls from standing on two hind legs to all fours. and walks toward Guile peering with beady eyes.

Guile nods. ,,William is...'' He searches for the surface talk works as seen by love. The thoyght creates a purr sphere. The purr spreads through Guile's mind. Guile focuses on ankle pain and lets the pain numb the purr and lead mind to nothing. ''Surface talk.''

A few in robes pass and spread the slow song as the river tpas fade with rush or stream. The clap echoes to silence. The hums deepends with the passing robes walking to through the halls.

Kirra bundles the spread of coinds, bags.

Guile inhale and exhales. ,,Love and Senator Ring are of a Mind Trust. Mind trust is a big group of powerful people. Mind Trust sides with the engineers...'' Guile pases and squints eyes and presses eyelids. ''There are...''

Myst lifts and lays a hand on Guile's back. ,,Guile, all for me to tell the song I have been sung about the story you are trying to tell for I have heard this song repeats through song.'' She looks at Kirra, Spear, William, Guile and alls stepping back. She says with a song voice, but doesn't sing. ,,The empire controlling the world as we knew has spread far to the Rise and now seiges the Waterdown. The world we knew has changed as anothe empire has spreads with faith and magic, thought and creation. And through the empire great, it is of power and there are two powers that want control of the empire. There are the archine and divine magic casters that which to guide the kingdom. It be the magic casters that control the army and push the spread of the kingdom with their might and their control over the army through faith and fear. The other power of the kingdom oare the thinkers and seers. The thinkers create the machines and plans, the guilds and unions; the trusts of people who can control the world beyond their minds with their minds. These two forces fight for control of the empire as the empire fights for power over the lands. Of the two forces, the magic casters control the empire from a distant binary city to the rise beyond the desert, beyond the forest and jungle lands and beyond the mountains. This city is at the other side of a grand canyon to the rise. Another city, one built after hundreds of season for the empire to exent power through this realm is controlled by those of the mind. And after time, the power of magic has spread. The loyalty to old guilds and Gods are no longer as strong. It is hoped by many of the empir e that if the magica casters hadn't the power they possess then the war and warriors would heed the call to stop the war and extension of the empire.''

Myst breathes. ''For the empire has lost much with this war across the valley. Beyond the lives of soliders, the resources, many of the empire fear of the lost of their identity, it is for that reason there are many plots and plans within the empire to try to stop the magic casters. The mind seers and thinkers of the Binary Capitol city wish for control of the army and empire. And it is seen through the song of Tune that sings with the Song of Reighn for they are a deity of another name. It has been felt and sung that a chosen on will come and guide the priests of Tune from the dark song sung while they have been aligned with the power of the (some warrioring god) and the archine magic casters of the empire. It is hoped, and it has been seen.'' She looks at William. 

William stares at Myst. He says, ,,There will be a resistance against this. there will be those who will rise. I will find them. I will take these goblinkin to account for what they have done.''

Myst hums and her hum sooths through Willliam. ,,No, William. Where you have been was here long before the goblins and will be here long after. What has happend through Westmore Canyon and to Waterdown is done. The cities and towns did not fight. The empire did not kill.''

,,But what of the laws and rights.''

Myst's lowers her hum and leaves a tickle over William. ,,In many of the towns law and order have improved or been left alone. A few towns once at war are no longer killing each other for now. It will be in time that even the warriors will be done fighting and they return to control, but there will be nothing we can do to stop the end of the war. All the power lies with in the binary cities of the empire.''

William looks at Myst. 

Kirra says, ,,What killing one will stop the many? Another magic user replace. Kills. These goblins kill.'' Kirra looks over shoulder at some robed behings. ''We kill. Empires kill. Why this quest? This vision.'' She ties her bundle and stands. ''another savior.''

Myst hums and lets hum for words, so she speaks, ,,You are wise and right in believing any quest to usurp a power will not change the spread of the empire nor stop the war for a time long for mortals. It is true the vision we have seen with William speaks of only what may be. It is true that helping the thinkers and seers that control this city and the Binary City on this side of the grand Valley. These things are true, but it is also true I have sung to the depths of hate and fear felt through the warriors and peoole of this city. And the song they sing to me, to us, shows of the evil God that controls the churches and guilts of wizards and priests.''

,,William not chosen one,'' say Guile. ''William blood related to a lich priest. William can wear the guantlet. Others can wear it. Senator Ring and Love took it to give to another warrior. They control the warrior.''

Myst smiles and lowers hands. ,,The vision has shown all the journey.'' She looks at Guile. ''We are the one. 

Guile pulls the robe of reighn's part. ,,Senator Ring has the guantlet. The guantlet destroys the being you seek. The guantlet taken from William given to another. It destroies the philarchy in the center of the small shield.''

Kirra stands. ,,Visions. Stories from goblins slave traders destroying lands.'' Kirra steps from the pack and walks toward the light and the dome. ''Lies.'' She steps.

Spear scurries before Kirra and looks at Kirra. Whiskers twitch and eyes peer. He squeeks and nudge he toward the pack with nossel.

Kirra stands and peers down and glances back. ,,You go on foolish journey.''

Guile says, ,,Foolish jouney. Fate journey. God journey. Our journey,'' says Guile. He forcesa clearing of throat. ''They want William travelling to the city. They want William protected. They control this city. They read minds.''

Kirra says loud, ,,REad your mind.''

,,Yes,'' says guile. ''Mind is read if Mind Trust near.''

,,Mind Trust,'' says William. He feels the purr of the Love with feeling, but not through thoughts and mind.

Guile nods. ,,I see pains and pain out Mind Trust.''

Myst says with blowing breath, ,,Guile, see the maze of the talk and guide us through the story of the Senator Ring and Love's network of thoughts and path from this place.''

Kirra says, ,,Run across desert alone then Senator Ring. Love. Kill them.''

,,Desert far. Flare...''Spear steps and squeaks and rises to hinds and steps toward Guile.

guile steps away. ,,Flare said.''

,,Flare,'' Kirra steps from Guile.

,,Flare,'' says Myst.

William stares at Guile.

,,Flare,'' says Guile. ''Flare worked for Senator Ring. She see with Mind Trust of Love. We work together. I kill. She betray.''

,,You kill for Love,'' says KIrra.

,,I kill to live,'' Guile looks at Myst. ''Love feared Spear connection with Flare.'' Guile puls hands in pockets of robe of Reighn and looks at William. ''I killed for revenge not Love.'' Guile looks at Kirra. He mental shoulds, feels and echo of paranoid jolts and feels a shadow in the dark starring. Guile feels to a thought of smells of mint, sweat and piss from Spear. A few piss smells of small rats. And a shadow. Guile feel dirt over body and sees through Kirra's eyes and she closes eyes and sees a calm plane of the forest. 

Kirra open her eyes and sees the glass covered with sand. The sand rub between lether and skin, been fingers and toes. Sand spread through breads and face, body. Sand scrapes the bottom of Kirras feel. Sand sticks to cheek. Sand feels to fall from lid with a blink. Kirra clenches hands to rub fingers to palms and feels the sand roll and falls.

Sand sprinkles down between a few blinks.

Guile says, ,,It is a way from this place. Teleport difficult. Spear is problem. We are run aways. We are known to be going across. We stay low. After we get to Rise. To forest, water, caves.'' He looks at William and Myst and Kirra. ''Dirt and trees and water.'' Guile steps back. ''We drink water from rivers.''

,,Across the desert with the enemey we will bring to justice if the Rieghn and the song sings. It may be their last,'' says William.

Myst says, ,,We journey.''

,,More talk,'' says Kirra. ''Why want William?'' She steps to Guile and stares.

Guile peers, clears throat. ,,Love takes William to the cities. The glove is taken where needs. Another uses the glove to fight Lich Priest. Illusion. I lead to the city of Tyranium. Senator Ring a Senator in Tyranium. They give power to guide William to Tyranium. They give power to take Spear from city.'' He looks at Spear.

Spear sits on but and hind legs.

,,Why Spear? says William. ''For warriors, or his power of shawman?''

Guile snorts and grins. ,,Spear creates many wererats. Rats pack. Spear powerful to lead.'' Guile grins. ''I can control. We leave. They control wererat army to fight the warriors and magic. Mystical being fight mystical creatures.''

The song a few splashes and popping tone rises with shout through the hall.

Myst claps hands with the short purts of shouting. 

RATS. DRATS. CLAPS. RAPS. SLAPS. SNAPS. FLAPS. GRAPS. SAPS.'' The ssssss is carried like a hissing snake through the halls with hisses from robed beings walk, standing, sitting along the stream.

Mysts hisses to talk, ,,And use Spear and Guile for an army to take across the canyoun.'' Her hands clap with the pace of what was the loud shout rap.

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,Create an army of vermine to break the line and find the archers.'' He makes a fist with steel hand. ''Attack the enemy.''

,,If they are the enemy,'' says Myst. She claps the pace She hums then high pitches whistle from myst tickles the stare of rieighn scare over William's back.

Spear falls to all fours. 

Kirra makes fist and grips sword hilt. 

Guile looks at Myst and sees the fluid thought of talk.

,,And we speak guile of faith and not mental manipulation beyond the Gods control,'' says Myst.

Guile feels the flow of thought flow with surface talk through mind and from mouth with the claps of Myst. ,,We will travel the desert and do what fait leads for we can be free.'' Guile puts hands on hears.. the clap of myst and her whistle are still heard. Guile haronizes. ''I have thoughts of the riches I can get if we make the desert trip for I see the gold and power for the mind trust to thrust me into power.'' Guile voice crackles and curgles.

Kirra smirks, and Wiliam smiles. 

Myst inhales and exhales slow her breathe breaths on Guile and lets the breathe end with a hiss.

Guile breathes deep and lets a slow power with a deep. ,,Powers is had with Senator Ring and Power I deserve.'' He says like verse. ''It is possible I have heard.'' He looks to all. ''but the pack needs to know. Across the desert we go. I will hope you follow a path. That gives me power to last. But will not stop to go own way. After the sand is far away.'' Guiles' throat tickles, and he coughs. The claps and hums through the hall calm.

Sound quiets to paces breathes and heart beats with the trickle of water playing a tune.

Guile sniffs. ,,I...''

,,Reighn sings from your soul, Guile,'' says Myst. She hums and raises a hand and rests it on Guile's shoulder. ''I will follow your song for the desert, Guile, for Reighn sings from you to continue a song through that song may be sung alone during the future to be.''

Guile stares.

Williams lets hands fall to side and says, ,,I follow Reighn in Vision and Myst with body.'' He steps before Guile. ''I feel you heart Guile. And I see the words of reighn play the notes of the fate.'' He raise steel hand and reasts it on Guile's other shoulder.

Kirra brushes sand from arm. ,,We go.'' She glances at Giule. ''I watch.''

Spear squeaks and walks a circle adn stands.

Myst lowers her hand and looks at William. 

William says, ,,I know of the location once we leave these halls and tunnels.''

,,With the guidance of the song I can lead from these halls, but the path may not being from a point four the journey song to be sung from the desititaion.''

,,Where we go? Ghrend'st tent?'' says Kirra

,,We follow Ghrend transport. Tranpsort leaves from staging area. We blend and hide and leaves.''

Kirra says, ,,How many?''

,,It's small,'' says Guile. ''One hundred to two hundred. Grhend leaves near Dark. He takes last hual to caravan. Caravan leaves at night. It goes night. It stops lights.''

,,Water? Food?'' says Kirra. 'Love serve and cook food. She carry the water.'' She looks from Gile to William. ''You sing for our food.'' 

Spear squeaks and raises front paws then falls to all fours.

,,We have time to gather water and food,'' says Myst. ''If there location where we meet this Ghrend is near.''

,,Ghrenned is in the bizzar near the dome and bit. It is an an open area with light and glass buildings.'' William looks through the hall from the dark to the light dancing over ceiling. ''We do need water and food. A cart for food and water.'' He looks at Guile. ''Love and Senator Ring giving us food.''

,,No food for you.'' Guile sniffs. ''There's food for me.''

,,How far,'' says William.

,,Five hundred farlenths.'' Guile scratch shoulders. ''The caravan travels fifty suns to the rise.''

,,Food,'' says Kirra. ''Water.''

Guile puts hands into robe'd deep pockets. ''I have...'' He jams and pulls hands from a few more pockets then puts hand into the folds of the Branching ARmmor andpulls out Flare's and his cubes. ''Cube. Money.''

,,No gold,'' says William.

,,It's a magical system that balances the worth of what a gold piece would be,'' says Myst. ''It is the real reason why the magic users are in power as they control the wealth. The engineers and the seers,'' Myst steps back. ''There ones called counters that maintain the system of magic and measurement.''

William feels Mysts words beat with heart. ,,A system of of using imagination for order of man should be left to the gods.'' He steps. ''Gold and silver are coins of the gods and not the counters of mad men.''

Myst hears the whispers of Rieghn as she things the thought Reighn talks to Myst. Her humm calms. ,,Reighn sings of the bliss and beauty of order through Tune.''

,,Can we trust Reighn?'' say Kirra. ''Tune? No fear for Tune to silence Reighn.''

Myst hums and says, ,,The Gods neighter sing for or against our performance while we enterntain them on this world. Our song is our song no matter who rules or doesn't rule. To the Gods who want see us they see us they want.'' 

William feels a glow and hears whispers thorugh his mind and in his mind grows a feel and from that feeling speaks the words after Myst completes here song speech. ,,Reighn sings with gods who know the song and sing the spheres. As the empire has spread the other gods live through their worspheres. As the whorshipers die then die the gods. Tune is a collection of like singers and performers and dancer of lights and knowledge are banding with Tune, the Song of All.''

Kirra peers, wrinkles bow and walks to Spear. ,,Need water and food. Have coin and cube.'' She pets Spear and turns to look at Wiliam then Myst and Guile. ''We buy. We go.''

,,The Band of Tune has a market of its own. We, unlike most, continue to use coin for trade as it prevents many from knowing our locations,'' says Myst. She steps to the darkness. ''William should rest.''

,,Shadow warrrios followed. We were chased. We here. We go now. Too much talk.'' Kirra puts hands on hilts.

Spear nods and squeaks.

The squeak becomes a sound sung by the robes sittting and standing around.

,,I feel as if I were born,'' says William. He clenches fist. ''And we have no time to let my state stop us from leaving this city.''

Guile sniffs, ,,Felt walking dead after rise.''

William slaps Giule's back. ,,Sing the Song of Reighn, you will sing of vigiour and grace.'' He lowers head. ''And be lead by one of Rieghn.'' He looks up to Myst. ''
I follow.''

Guile pushes off and shifts robe and pulls on edges. ,,Some god don't guide.''

A humm spreads through the halls.

A high and long screams sings through the hall.

Myst says loud, ,,SHADOW SOLDIERS COME.''




