Fire bursts in a mushroom flame sprouting its dome up and out and spreading the flames along the rock and root ceiling. The fire singes root fibers and heats to steam the wet of roof. The fire burst pushes heat and pulls it over Spear's body. 

His fur tips singe. 

A mess of twirling and tied and kotted hair spins near and by and in the fire raising arms be fore bursts then jummping and stretching arms and legs flinging hair out as the burst of fire booms the fire mushroom pushing heat though the cavern and leading the dance.

Drums and flutes follow hoove and foot, hand and fingers, tails and hair locks hit, snap, twist and spin with  beats and waves of sounds. 

Eyes press tight to feel the music for the way for feet to land.

Sweat drips and fur, hair, sweat sticks to skin.

A burst of fire heat flows through cavern.

A cheer of howels, hoots and whistles rise and sing in wake of fire wave.

Whistles and howels and hoots find and flow with bodies stepping, hopping,  swaying or flying to the next hit of drum, blow of whislte, burst of flame.

Spear's veins feel to burst from presser of heart pounding. His tunic, sword and pack fall to ground around the flat rock area of his dance. His hammer and pick swing in waves, archs and circles up, down and around following the spinning and flipping of Spear's dance.

A fire busts and Spear's shadow is caste to the wall and the people on rock tiers and ledges dance near darkeness.

Spear's Shadow dances with the mass merging and shifting and swaying as one light against the dark. Spear's Shadow leads Spear beyond his dancing circle to the dancing floor of the cavern.

The flames pulse and flow with heats and minds of the beasts pounding out sweat and tears and screams of fear that tear and drop with sweat filled sorrow.

The passion pumps and pushes. 

Spear heart paces with pounds. He spins and swoops around a sytr spinning and dipping and twirling I leaps, spins and brings hammer and axe around and by and horse clomping rear hooves and rasiing on     hind legs to kick at the sky and kick by centaurs swaying torso through the flow from head to tail. Spear bounces and leaps arms up reaching hammer head and axe head up high and by sprits and group  of orc, humans, dwarves and elves dresse only in the shadows share a arms over shoulders dance.

Spear hits and leaps and lands near a dwarf. He lowers hammer and pick to sides and lets them fall near a pile of arrows, bows, swords and staffs. He lands on all four legs and raise on hind to wave claws and and arms at the sky of the ceiling of rock and root.

A bear waddles past with a sway from a slow flute. It walks a swaying loop around Spear bringing Spear into the circle of dancing animals.

Arms and legs and paws and hands hold Spear both on all legs or hind legs in a circle of a circle of a circle that sways and turns opposite of a cicle before and behind.

The spin of the circles follow the spin of the short, naked being dancing through

Another burst of fire leads the spread of the circle from Spear to the being at the edge of the cavern.

Muscles pulse. Sweat falls. Song and dance lift mind above bodies and fire then through the cavern to the trees and the leaves and the wind throug the canyon.

The minds feel to float as the bodies dance. The minds bond in music and bodies bond in dance.

The fire bursts. The music flows. Through the night the dance goes.

Dance, food and wine are consumed in fluid motions of grace that only stop when beings stop to feel sorrow and joy before the next verse, chorus of the song pulls away.

And away the mind goes for Spear.

He dances to whirl of a twirl, a hop and run and swoons and swoops that slow when drink is  in paw and mouth not focused on food to maw. 

Ale and wine flow. Flesh is cooked and warm. The fire bursts pushing the thrist through the mass of gathering animal.

The being find space between rock and on top of rocks. Bodies press and pull and flow as the circles stop in a moshing mass.

The fire flame rise then lower. Squeezed beings press and seperate leaving the cavern for comfort of space far and near with anohter or others.

Beings begin to rub, lick, tickle and taunt the mass dancing mass.

Spear feels the rub from dwarves and humans. He feels his body shift and shape over the span of time from human to rat to wererat hybrid letting the flow and he of sound inspire.

Spear dances until the mass thins to a few dancing naked near fire with the mess of hair twisting and whipping around naked flesh covered with hair.

The music of hoots and hollars, singing and howel with flutes and drum beats to burst of fire slowly become music of flut and drum with ambers burning.

The being with hair dancing and spiraling and grabbing reveals near hairless naked ankles, knees, back and butt.

The hair grabing rocks and twigs and tossing them in archs above as object to move around. The hair tangles an elf dancing nude and leads her around to a dwarve dressed in beard. The hair reaches and pulls Spear into the weave.

Spear's slouched and hunched body between the states of human and large rat steps and stumbles in artist chaos to push the fatigue deeper and the mind further from body and dance the song.

The hair tickles and rubs and massages Spears muscles as it pulls Spear closer.

Spear feels a surge of electicity flow through body giving a jolt. He steps and sways to the jolt.

Hair wraps and cradles Spear close letting his body feel to float as hair holds and guides.

Spear and the naked being dances close and near. 

The two bodies press and slide. They rub sweat and saliva as the hair raps Spear and both dance to the ground and bond.

The drums and flutes fall silent to maons, groans and panting of pleasure then the scream of release.

Spear rolls from hair and body to rock near a sleeping group of humans and elves naked and slaying near and over naked bodies.

Spear blinks and feels and breath. His naked skin ripples with chills as a cold breeze blows over body.

Ambers of fire bit glow and blow through the dark cavern.

Dim tourches burn.

A few orces and humans snore. There are whispers sounding from a group at a far end radiated by a dim light.

,,Where am I?" says Spear. 

Echoing rock fall clammers through tunnel to cavern then to silence.

,,The haven,'' says the hair hidden being.

The fire pops and ambers explode and settle.

Spear sits up and feels no hunger or pain only a cold flowing over body. ,,Who are you?''

,,Blue,'' says the hairy being. Its voice snaps and crackles like the coals of the fire.

Spear squints and looks across the floor barely illuminated by torch light. He peers over laying bodies and clocks, robes, belts, bags, packs, quivers, swords, bed rolls and bones of the dead. 

The stretched furs span over rock and are hit and rubbed by a few humans and elves dressed in brown robes.        

The meat hung from and laid on rock is gathered and rolled into bundles of skin then hauled from the cavern to a caver across the fire pit.

,,Why am I here?'' says Spear as he stands. His naked body feels the soft breeze. Sweat on back dries. Spear stretches. ''Why am I here, Blue?''

Blue lays on back with hair spear and twisting over ground and body. 

Spear walks from Blue and steps between a horse and wolve looking over ground.

Blues voice the sounds of the breeze. ,,You come to answer the call of canyon.''

,,Charmed,'' says Spear as he walks from Blue and around bodies to a torch tied to a root and hanging from the rock wall. He grabs the touch and snaps it from the root then walks back toward Blue. ''Charmed. The charm of the canyon.''

,,You come to fight with us,,'' says Blue.

Spear softly laughs and steps to the firepits edge shoving tourch tip into fire.

The fire tip licks flames.

,,Fight," says Spear. He walks over the ground with the torch near surfaces of rock. ''Your fight will never end.''

Blue lays on rock near fire. The flames illuminate its naked flesh dark and smooth between the locks of hair. Blue talks as if the wind. ,,We will wear their flesh on feet.''

Spear sees short swords, long swords, scimitars, blows, knifes, daggers, back and sacks in piles and bundles near bolders. ,,More will come.'' He waves the torch back and forth. ''Goblins will come.''

,,They will be killed,'' says blue like the breeze that blows over Spear.

Spear's torch flame flickers and stretches illiminating a pile with is bastward sword, back and belt. He walks through groups of sleeping wolves, bobcats, bears, humans, elves and two orcs sleeping like they sit. Spear steps to the pile with bastard swords. ,,No.'' He kneels and pulls sword and back and belt from pile. ''Goblins will kill the Diamonds. The humans you hate.'' He puts on belt and pack and swords while saying. ''They will kill the animals, the trees, the plants, the birds. Then you.'' He looks at Blue.

Blue's body is gone from the spot near fire.

,,No,'' says the wind. Then the fire pops. ''WE LIVE!''

Spear lifts torch and waves it back and forth over ground looking for hammer and pick. ,,No.'' He sighs. ''Not even a rock slide will stop them.'' He walks over people and rock and looks between the cracks. He looks at other naked beings rubbing and moaning to a beat all their own.

His tunic is found presses and wet against the stne floor. He hide bants and coat jammed in cracks.

Spear feels tension in lungs then yawns away th etension. He whispers to self. ,,The Diamonds can help guard.''

,,THEY KILL OUR YOUNG AND LAND!'' screams a voice the sound and power of tornado.

Spear is pushed foreward and stumbles from the force of the words.

The torce light flicks and snuffs.

,,They do,'' says Spear. He sits on a rock.

Horse whinney and cats purr. Beings begin to rise from the floor. A group of humans and elves stand and strech.

Spear feels their stare. He hollers and creates the echo, ''THEY MAKE BETTER FRIENDS THAN GOBLINS!'' He looks up from ground and sees faces at fire light's edge looking at him. He says loud while smiling, ,,Their skin makes better shoes."

A few brings grin and nod.

Spear rises shoulders and head and says loud, ,,ANY ONE FIND A HAMMAR AND A PICK.''

Beings sit from lay and stand from a sit.

,,Fight with us or leave,'' says cave winds.

,,I WILL NOT FIGHT THOSE THAT CAN HELP SAVE,'' hollers Spear as he holds torce low and looks over the ground from. ''I WILL NOT A FIGHT THAT WILL NOT BE WON.''

,,THEY WILL NOT KILL OUR YOUNG,'' says the snap and crack of fire.

,,HA," says Spear. He steps and looks and lowers and moves the torch over weapon piles cloths piles, rock cracks and holes, by heads and feet and hoves. A tangle of beings squint and shield eyes with hands as the flame swing close. "I KNOW THE PEOPLE TAKE WITHOUT GIVING." He steps and peers and stares and lifts shirts and pants covering staves, shields gauntlets. "THEY CAN BE TAUGHT? GOBLINS.'' Spear looks at the firepit then at the people begining to stand on the floor and the bolders and the ledges. "THE GOBLINS WILL KILL EVERYTHING!"

A few orcs and three dwarves in a group of human laugh. The laughter spreads and fades. Beings begin to pick leather armor, cotton shirts, hide pants, fur coats, coifs, hats, hoods, cloaks.

,,Laugh now,'' Spears says with a loud voice carrying to the edges of the cavern. ''Go to the Westland Canyon. Go see the dead. Go see the spreading Goblin horde.''

Murmur spread from around the cavern. People point to a tunnel, at Spear, at the fire and the sky.

The hammer and pick lay betten a brown leather sack.

Spear clasps the pick and hooks it on holter then grabs the hammar. ,,They will garden,'' says Spear. "They can learn.'' He walks between a group of elves and dwarves all standing and putting toward the light of two torches illuminating the cave. He stops on top of rock. "DO WHAT YOU WISH, BLUE. ATTACK MY FRIENDS OF ME." Spear smiles. ''Then you will be my shoes.''

Spear feels energy pass through him and over him.

Spear steps from boulder to rubble path to tunnel out following the flow of a cold breeze sprayed with snow mist. He steps into the tunnel.      

A few mountain lions, cougars, elves, humans and dwarvves to the tunnel and stop and watch Spear leave.

,,Is it true what you speak,'' says an elf. 

Spear stops. He inhales then slowly exhales to speak the words. ,,Yes.'' He turns and sees a gathering crowd standing on rocks and kneeling on knees. ''

,,What be your quest?" says an Orc holding torch and stepping from group. "Why you care?" His rough and low voice gives Spear pause to listen. 

,,My quest is my own. My care is too see the goblin horde die," Spear steps back to the cavern and stands. "I've seen the horde. I have seen what it does. The horde kills all. You. The camp of humans. In number you have hope. This." Spear looks around the cavern. He says loud, ''I SEE KILLERS AND CREATURES OF ALL SORT OF BEAUTY HERE!'' Spear turns and leaves saying. ''I hope it remains.'' 

Murmur and talk spread with walking and echoing howels.

The howels flow through tunnels following Spear over rock.

Bright light blinds Spear's sight to a spot. The spot spreads to white. 

Freeze wind blast Spear's body sending a jolt. 

Snow swirls and spread over his body.

Snow covers the ground, the trees, the rocks and sticks to the side of the canyon. 

,,Garden,'' says Spear to self. ''Pick roots and forge.''

He walks through the trees and snow watching the tracks and foot falls of soldiers. 

Sunlight shines around the rim of the canyon. Its rays blind and warm.

The wind speaks as it gusts and pushes. ,,They will die from elements.''

Spear shivers and pulls hide sleeves tight and down covering hand with cuff. Snow falls on face. ,,You will get your shoes.'' His feet crunch into snow.

A body rises from the snow then becomes hair and skin. Parts of naked flesh flash through strands of hair. 

,,Help them live,'' says Spear looking forward. "They will honor your life and help the canyon live.''

Blue's voice feels to be the drops from ice slices. ,,They don't honor your friends who sleep near death held by those we seek to kill.''

Spear looks at Blue. Then runs through the trees and snow with the laughter of Blue gusting and blowing with  the wind and an eagle flying with Spear's stride.




