

Road To Bandits

Tra - velin - We - were - tra - velin - We - were - tra - velin - on - the - Road.
The - ban - dits - The - ban - dits - We - found - bat - tell - ing - a - robe.
A - fire - ball - A - fire - ball - We - seen - ban - dits - run - from - a - mage.
Ban - dits - more - Ban - dits - more - We - fought - more - ban - dits - more.
Then - big - sword - Then - big - sword - swung - We - watched - ban - dit  - horror.
We - fight - We - fight - We - chase - the - ban - dits - from - the - road.
We - gain - We - gain - We - have - a - new - friend - for - the - road.
-



<Road_To_Bandits>




William points at Carlos's hand.

,,What's that ring you wear."

Carlos switch hold on reigns. Carlos lifts hand and wiggles thumb, ,,It's the final energy of a mage trapped in a dragon forged diamond."

Willam reaches and says, ,,Can see?"

Carls smiles and pivots head side to side, ,,boy, if you are going to be any kind of bard you are going to have to learn to ask for something." Carlos looks at William, " You are also going to learn not let other people touch everything yoy have."

William take back hand and opens eyes wide and looks away, ,,Sorry," He says the pauses. He looks at Carlos. "I just thought..."

Carlos holds  up a palm, ,,Quiet," Carlos pulls ring from finger and tosses it to William (does he catch it roll.)  




The ring will be the dying energy of the mage illusionist. It can either caste and maintian one illusin of any spell level for a day or help caste an ilusion of the illusionist. Thje sun will recharge. ...




















,,A wizard carrying a shield, that's absurd." says William, "You're lying Carlos."

Carlos smiles, ,,I never lie."

,,You never, lie," says William. William smiles, "You're a bard."

Carlos looks at William. Carlos says, ,,What youg baby bard you are." He winks then looks at the bend in the road. "A bard never lies. A bard makes an even more memorable. If the song is a false tale, the song won't be sung as long as songs of true tales."

,,Where did you learn that?" says William.

,,My father."



,,You really seen a wizard who could use a shied." says Wiliam. He smiles and laughs, "That's amazing."


A more than fun and character building and showing and telling conversation about a wizard with a shield. A legend of maybe the legend of the wizard with the shield was of the small shield they sought and that wizard is the lich that uses the shield. The wizard found the shield in the abandoned and crypt manor and took up residence in the place to make his passage to the world of the undead successful. This is now the story.




I have decided that William will have a bought bag of space that is far bigger than Carlos, who has a smaller bag of space. I want to show that size doesn't matter and position in life, it is the life's journey and person that fills the bag with interesting things. I think the bard will store everything to live in it and neat little magical items. The training bard can't store much because it's carry too much useless stuff. It's full of everything that is nothing needed to put on a show.



----




,,Do you hear that, Carlos," says William.

,,I've been hearing it for sinse the curve in the road."

,,It sounds like a fight."

,,It's three people screaming at a third," says Carlos.

,,Well," says William, his voice breaks, "Aren't we going to help?"

Carlos strums a strun and siings a turn, ,,Can you hear what they are saying?"

,,Well, no, but we should go find out. What if there is trouble?"

Carlos looks to William, ,,Trouble never leaves."

,,Well, I don't know about you, but I am going to findout." 
William snaps horse reigns and spurs the horse's sides.

The horse kicks leaps, hits the ground in a gallop around 

,,Be there in a few steps." Carlos strums, two strings and sings with string hum, ,,Maybe trouble leaves."

William and horse turn around corner.

A shout of Willam's is heard, ,,BEGONE BANDITS!"

,,Trouble never leaves," says Carlos. He opens a pouch and puts sytar inside. He runs around the bend. 


(I believe I wrote the end for the second chapter. The words flowed and the thought of a song and the reality of trouble never leaves will make this scene good. I think there is even humor iin the words though I could be wrong. ...The words are what I think need to be to be. They are the end and the beginning. I think I would turn the page to read the next chapter.  ...A mute wizard is found fending off three bandits wantiing him to make him speed. The wizard can speak, but pefers to save voice only for magic.) 


</Road_To_Bandits>
