Mud brick and moater spills from braken boards and walls on William and Myst. The ceiling falls behind Spear, Kirra and Guile as they run along the hall after two running soldiers a swarm of insects. A chunk of the ceiling falls on Guile's outstretched leg.

Guile falls. Face hit ground.

Spear continues is raor through the hall striding long and wide after the fleeing soldiers.

Kirra covers head and sprints from dust and brinks then slides to a stops. She sites, aim and fires two arrows.

Two arrows fly by Spear's head and hit a dark mass.

A darkmass covered by instested swing a club sides arm at Spear.

Spear leaps, kicks feet forward and slams black mass against wall as he hits, slides and lepas to to feat to chase after the three soldiers and two dark sihlouttes at the edge of vision range.

The two shilouttes at the edge of visions range swat at wasps, flies, ants, circkets and nats as the stumble and steps to ward Runtik.

Runtik lays on the ground feeling ooze burn her nose and ears. She stabs dagger into an ooze. The dagger stabe peirces and slows.

Oz spreads.

Four more shadows flow by Runtik making black in her dark sight.

The shaodw soldiers flow along the hall toward the two clerics and the pack and the cloud of dust spreadiing as the fillin gew

Runtik shouts. ,,SHADOW SOLDIERS AND TWO BIN PRIESTS!''

The shadow bursts through the rubblies and settling of rocks and sand. The shout shoots through teh buzz of insects.

Spear sees the two sihloueetes run away while four sihloueettes of shadow soldiers float. He roras and swings war hammer. 

Whar hammer slams sihouette with a thud and thump, and black ooze splats. 

Kirra stabs bow to back and pulls short swords fro sheaths and steps and diprs and spins around Spear. Knee spikes pain, but holds the spin and twists to sices short swords. Short swords cut into and mass. 

Darkness leaps and rlls as around Kirra and Spear. 

Insects buzz around Kirra and Spear. The wasps, misquotoes, ants, circles swarm over the Shadow Woarriors.

Guile presses against the wall and runs along the hall swating away insects that swirl and buzz, tickle and tangle around. He runs from the dust clouds and sees his way to two beings swatting and slapping; running and tripping along hall.

Guile's fear, rage, pains thumps and purr from hearts, consumed body and pushes a force that feels to moan from his mind into a buzz.

The purr spreads through the insects and feels the hall.

Runtik feels the purr flow from Guile.

Runtik rolls and swipes dagger and wipes sleeve on face smearing and wiping away the black ooze burning on lips and around nose.

Her dagger stabs into ooze and ooze spread. 

Shadow claws scrap her arm, cut her arm, burn her arm. 

she shouts. He shout is not louder that the purr and the buzz of the insects swarms near Runtik and around the two priests running through the hall swatting. 

The two sihlouttes steps past Runtik.

Runtik lifts legs as she rolls away from the shadow soldier. Her leg hits the running cleric.

One of the two clerics fall as the other shouts and stumbles to knees.

The purr buzzing from the insects silences to calm.

The inspects part and fly along the hall and from the shadow soldiers.

Four shadow soldiers around Spear and Kirra shake the inspects free as they swipe, bite and click and clack. Claws scrap over Spear's rose warrior armor and nicks and cuts his skins. Claws wipe above Kirra's head and by her neck as she steps and leans away. 

Teeth stabs Kirra's shoulders and tears her flesh and pulls out the armor.

Two shadow soldiers nibble on Spear as Spear presses back agains wall and swings warhammer. He roars, ''YOU WILL DIE BY MY HAMMER!''

The roar fills the hall, scatters bugs and gives strength to the fleeing clerics as the scramble to the their feel

The clerics swat and slaps body hitting away insects.

Insecots swarm and part from the force of the roar.

Spear's war hammar slams and splats on shadow soldier. Sihlouette body falls, and two slash and bite at Spear.

Behind the shadow soldiers around Spear, Kirra slices and cuts onto two shaddows that float around Spear. She peers through the dust and insects at the maound of rocks now ending the hall.

Guile focuses the purr and forces the purr at the clerics running past Runtik.

On shouts and falls grabbing ankle.

The other cleric stunmbles to a stand and swats away the files.

Spear hits shadows soldiers with war hammer and another dies.

Kirra slickes shadow soldiers back, spins and grabs arrows.

A shadow claw scraps Kirra's back. Her back stings. 

Kirra notches arrow and string, and she shoots arrow along hall to the cleric running beyond Runtik.

The arrow flies through the hall. 

Arrow flies by Guile's head as he pulls Heart Dagger from sheath and swings dagger at the Shadow Soldiers wrestling with Runtik. The Heart Dagger stabs into a substance like clue that slows as it pulls through the body of the Shadow Soldiers.

The arrow shoots by the Shadows Soldier and into the back of the stumbling cleric. 

The cleric falls. 

The other cleric on ground clicks and clack, rolls a back and clasp hands together.

A ball of light slows then shoots through the hall.

The ball of light flashes and spans around Guile and Runtik.  The ilight shines the shadow soldier.

Fire hot pain burns over the flesh of Guile and Runtik. The shadow soldiers whines and sooths. Kirra feels her flesh burn then her heart ceise. Guile feels his lungs explode and clench. 

The light illuminates the hall, the rock, the instects and Spear.

The instects settle along the walls and crawl into cracks.

Spear swings warhammer and shouts slamming sto the side two shadow soldiers as a third bites his thigh.

One shadows shoulder falls. one falls agasins the wall. The third festas on Spear's leg.

The light dims. 

Kirra runs past Guile and Runtik, the shadows soldier and shoots three arrows at the clerica casting the light.

Three arrows hit the cleric. 

The cleric falls and sprawls over the floor as the other one, who holds ankle, limps and falls, stands and flings arms at Kirra. With the toss and fling of the clerics arsm, dust whirls and spins adn rises from the ground blowing at Kirra. 

Sand particles pull and meld as it floats toward Kirra until a pool of flowing sand rushes at Kirra.

Kirra puts bow to back and pulls short swords from shields as the sand element slams her chest. She feels a rib crack. She stumbles back and swings swords cutting through the sand. 

Sand sprays against the wall hitting a few insects buzzing along the mud brik and mortar.

Insects buzz, fly around and sqeeze between cracks.

Spear smacks and slams warhammer head upon the back fo the shadow soldier biting leg. 

The shadow soldiers slams ground with a splat, falls falt.

And blood drips from Spear's leg as he twists waist side to side smacking the warhammar head into two Shadow soldiers.

On shadow soldier's falls, and dust poofs around the body.

The sand flows and blows through the hall and whirls around the sand element swinging at Kirra.

the sand element grow and leaps at Kirra grabbing at Kirra like wanting a hug.

Kirra stumbles then step away spinning short sword blades whirling and slicing. The sword blades cuts and slices teh sand monster's body, and small puffs of dust blow from body. She cuts, slickes and stabs. She feels the blade slow, but glide through without cut. 

The sand monster punches twice and hits Kirra onces, The force of the hit smackes Kirra's face. He heard whipes gabe. She see Runtik roll and slice a shadow soldiers.

The fumes of acid rot spread through hall.

Runtik stands and slips on black ooze then stabs and slices at the Shadow solder feeling the black cut and nip. She slips thought form pain, fright and body. She feels a dark in mind spread through her body as she rolls into a dark hole the covers body,

Befoe Runtik rolls and disappears. 

The shadow soldiers swips claw and cuts Runtiks hand as the black spreads and pulls her from space.

Guile hobbles toward the cleric on back how threw and energy light at Kirra. He sees feels his ankle pain pulses like a ball of in his sould. He thrusts that pain at the being feeling the pain flow along the thought echo.

The pain ball tingles free from Guile's body.

The cleric on ground screams and shouts, ,,BY BIN,'' then wordds become clicks and clacks.

The clicks and clacks snap. Another ball of light shines then shoots and hits Guile.

A burning force of pain slams' Guile's body. Guile falls. Burn spreads over body. Lungs contract. Guile coughs and coughs adn he looks for his Heart Dagger.

As he falls, he sees the other cleric beyond run along the hall following a soldiers.

Runtik appears above Guile and stabs the throat of the cleric.

The cleric clicks fade.

Spear's roar blast the hall  as he swing and slams warhammer into the Shadow soldiers. Black ooze and his block drips from body. Cuts and and marks stanin him body.

The warhammer slams the shadow soldiers and either side, and one falls.

One still stands and lands claws and bites latch on necks.

Spear slams the shadow soldeirs gainst wall.

The shadow soldier wraps around Spear.

Spear pushes hands against his face and bending neck back.

Then claws scrape Spear's back. Spear pushes back on head as he shouts. ,,YOU! WILL! HEEEEEED!'

A snap cracks from the Shadow Warrior's. The Shadow Warrior folds and falls. falls with a splat the oozes over the ground.

The snap and the shout feel the hall with fear.The fear is felt by a lone soldiers running the halls far from the sight of Runitk ork Kirra. The fear is felt by Runtik, but give no fright.

Runtik pulls dagger from the cleric's throat. Near the edge of her sight, she sees Kirra fall and hit the ground with sand creature above. She looks a the cleric and soldiers running along the hall then run fro her sight. Runtik strides through hall at the sand monster and Kirra.

Behind Runtik, Guile.

Guile grabs Heart Dagger  and stands. he watches the priest and soldier run beyond sight. He bread and coughs and look the sand monter, Runtik and Kirra.

Kirra kicks legs and whips chest leaping to feet. 

A sand fist flies above her head as Kirra slices and stabs the sand monster. 

Bits of sand spray and scatter. Another sand fist swings a Kirra and swings by her head. And from the middle of the sand monster another fist merges from and punches at Kirra hitt sholders.  Kirra steps back and leans away from the sand fist. She she slices swords and a sicssor the stabs.The sand arms falls to a pile is sand. The sand mosnter leaps at Kirra. 

The swords sink in.

The sand monster and Kirra collides.

Two arms flow from the sand monster and wrap around Kirra.

Runitk hears the clash and sees a faint distant fight of Kirra and the sand monster.

Runtik pulls another dagger while running, leaps and stabs daggers into the back of the sand monster. Her daggers sink and scrape as bits of dust fall.

The sand monster shakes and slams back agains the wall crushing Runtik. A low groan vibrates through body.

Runtik's lungs pushout air. Her head slams ahagins stone. It vibrates. She sees Spear near the end of the hall being bean by tow shadow solider

The shadow soldiers bit and claw Spear as Spear leaps from the fllor.

Spear swings Rose Warrior War Hamear. The war hammar hits head and neck of shadow soldiers form.

The shadow soldiers bends in the dark and warps around Spear's legss. The other shadow soldiers jamms claw between Spear's armor plates as Spear's war hammer hits hits hip then swing hammer back hitting shadow soldier's holding feet in back of body.

The shadow soldier shutters and pulls Spear.

Spear falls, and shoulders jams into the shadows soldier's back. His lege pull free from gavel and sweep to kick the lage of the other shadow soldier. And swings war hammer hitting anohter sadow soldiers.

A third shadow soldier flows and claws at Spear from the darkenss, and Spear's war hammer hits the shadow soldiers's clows.

The soldiers soldier hits Spear and bites. Its teeth clench on to a piece of the rose warrior armor.

Shadow soldiers kick by spear falls, grabs and bites jagged shadow teeth into Spear's armm. Teeth tear and bite flesh.

The shadow soldier below Spear rolls and shakes and twist waists letting clow slip, and claw stabs Spear.

Spear roars. Heart thumbs. Body beats. Limbe extend and hair grows. The rose warriors armor plates shift. The roar becomes a peircing squak. Spear grabs his war hammer and swings.

War hammer hits shaodw soldier's foots.

Three shadows soldiers claw and bite Spear. Claw tear calf muscel, skin and hair. Teeth bite and tear flesh and a plate of Rose Warrior Armor from Spear.

Spear's body sets a form of hybrid were rat. His larger body throwss on shadow soldiers against wall while Spear bits and claws another while rolloing away from a third. His tail slaps the third shadow soldiers.

A shadow soldiers hits wall. A few bricks and much morter fall. The shadow soldier hits the ground.

The other two shadow solders grapple for Spear. One extends arms longer than human lenth and wraps arms around Spear's legs. The other shadow soldier wraps shadow arm around Spear's shoulder and neck, squeezes.

Spear's breath is slowed. His high pitched squeek wheezes but pierces pain. The squeeze muffles as Spear bites into the a shadow soldiers. A taste of acid and smell of rot spread through Spear's mouth, and mouth clenches, jaws meet and rip. While the mouth bites, Spear jams claws into the shadow hears. His legs spear and kick the shadow soldier pounding its bod against the wall.

A few bricks falls. Dust falls.

Spear kicks and kicks and kicks the shadow soldier agians the wall.

One shadow soldier leaps on Spear's head. One shadow soldier crawls and grabs at Spear arm. One shadows soldier is pounded against the wall into a puddle of goo.

Goos plats over cuts and will. Cuts feel to burn. The wall quackes and cracks. Bricks fall, and a chunck of mud brick wall falls on Spear's foot. 

Spear grabs the shadow soldier on head and rolls body and bites. Acid stink and rot taste spread has he mauls the shadow form with face. His body rolls over the limb crawling Shadow soldier as his knee hits the shadow soldier beneaht.

The shadow soldier beneath wiggles and grabs Spoear before it spreads to ooze. 

the shadow soldier on face spreads ooze.

Spear lays in a puddle of black ooze breathing in fumes and feeling a burn spread through nose and mouth. The cuts over body stink as Spaer lay silent.

As Spear fought the shadow soldiers, Kirra and Runtik fight the sand element.

Kirra stabs the sand element and cut of hand, and another hand appears.

The sand hand hits kirra, and she slices short sword and cuts it. 

The sand hand falls to dust, and another sand hand punchss from chest and hits Kirra.

Two sand hands then two sand arms extend and grab Runtik and throw Runtik along the hall toward Guile.

Runtik hits ground and slides over sand and slows. 

Guile steps away and watches the soldier and priest run far from sight.

Kirra yells as she slices another hand, ..CHASE RUNNERS. KILL, RUNITK!'' She is hit with a sand fist and slices short sword to cut hand from arm.

A spray of sand blast from the sand element hitting Kirra's face, coating Kirra's eyes. 

Kirra's eyes stink. Her world sight blurrs. She swings swords cutting a few small tenticals the whip from body. She swing and cuts. 

Sand falls in piles. Sand elementws sinkins, forms a mound and shoots tenticals at Kirrra.

Kirra leans, ducks and slices elements cutting sand tenticals.

Spear's roar becomes a squeek. 

Kirra glances back and sees nearly beyond sight, Spear covered in Shadow soldiers.

The sand elemental entire being leaps from ground and at Kirra.

Kirra pulls site from glance and rolls, hits wall.

Sand hits Kirra like a hammer.

As Kirra fought the sand element alons and as Spear fought the shadow soldiers, Runtik ran past Guile pounding the ground after the cleric and soldiers.

Guile looks from Kirra to Runtik then watches Runtik sprint beyond.

Runtik runs fast and silent through a hall following a feeling in her mind that purrs and buzzes with intensity through her body. She runs beyond her thought through dark. Her sight sees thirty strides afore her body.

She sees the boot prints track along the hall.

The hall splits like a T.

Sandstone runs to boards. 

Runtik hears louder than her shallow breath and still soft beating heard the bang of boards. She hears two sets of steps shufling along. She run along the boars to her Wax.

To the wax the boards span along a ladd with warped board store faces on one one side and mud brick on the other side.

Cicks and clacks and deep breathes are like a scream to Runtik's faint foot falls. 

An intersection splints at right angles through hall. The walls rise mud brick and roofec by bowing warpped wood. An eempty ditch spans through the cross section road.

Clicks and clacks echor from every where. 

A few foot black ooze and blood drosp spatter to the wane. 

The click and clacks spread around and near. 

without stopping, Runtik runs over sand stone. Feet ound the ground. Runtik sees the sihlouettes found within the dark that opens in a large room.

In the large room is a pit and mud pool. A ones step wide path spands from wall. Foor halls span from big room. The roor narrows to a cone. A ladder rises from the ledge along the angled ladder into the shaft. 

Two shilouttes climb the ladder and click and click.

A dark spreads over the purr and buzz in Runtik's mind. The sense numb. 

A dark appears before Runtik. 

She runs into the darkness.

Cold numb spreads. 

Runtik is dark.

Runtik is light.

A dark hole appears along the ladder above the two people on the ladders.

Runtik's hand reaches from hole and grabs ladder.

The dark becomes dim light.

Dime light shines from the narrow hole where the ladder goes.

Runtik swings, and feet grab the angled a ladder. 

,,YOutak movetik. Youtak dietik. YOUTAK MOVTIK,'' shouts the robbed clearing below Runtik.

The soldiers lower on the rungs with feet still on ledge pulls a crossbow from side.

Runtik swings down and swings feet at the head of the cleric. She stops on feet then swings out.

The soldier raises crosee bow and shoots as Runtik swings feet around.

The bolt shoots behind Runtik.

Runtik kicks the head of the cleric against the ladder. She locks ankles around the clerics heand and pulls.

The cleirc grips and holds the ladder. Her head jerks back.

The soldier fires aohter bolt from crossbow, and the bow flies behind Runtik's back.

Runtik grips legs, holds grapple and releases hands, falls backward. Her body falls and slams into the cleric as he arms reach under the clerics boots and grabs the rungs below the cleric. She hands up side down.

The soldier loads the cross bow.

The cleric shakes and wiggles.

Runtik locks legs around the clerics neck and pulls head back.

Head snaps back, clearic's pain opens fingers and the cleric falls.

Runtik's legs release, spread and flip under body and hits the soldier in the head.

The soldier's crossbow fires, and bolt shoots into Runtik's bicep.

A thump and crack are heard below over the ledge and into the darkness.

The soldeier stumbles along the edge and draws a sword.

Runtik from drops from ladder while plling daggers.

Soldiers' swords swings and stabs. Runtik daggers parry and swipe.

They stand on the ledge ducking and sliding back and forward. Their feet dance near edge.

Runtik feighns a stab, but pulls back.

The soldiers leans in and jabs then Runtik stabs the soldier in the stomach.

The soldier drops to a knee, drops swords and says in broke Surface Talk, ,,YOU DIE CHAOS BIN.''

Runtik's hand grabs the soldier's neck. ,,Who sent you?''

The soldiers shouts. ,,BIN CONTOLLS ALL. BIN CONTROLS ALL. CHAOs IS ALL. CHAOS IS ALL.''

Soldiers' shouts speak with Spear's raors and as Spear pounds the shadow soldiers.

The soldier before Runtik gags and spits. Spit bubbles between lips and slips over chin. He gags, ,,You....Die...chaos of bin wiiiii...''

Runtik stabs the soldiers throats.

The hold gasps and blood flows. 

The bit below glows with clicking an clacking. 

Int the pit, on a sand covered, the cleric kneels on a knee and waves torche in a circle and around. She throws the troach ant Runtik.

Rutnik leaps into the pit, along the wall to the floor.

The torch shatters against he wall. Ambers fall and the dead soldiers.

The cleric swings a maces at Runtik. Mace head hits Runtik's shoulders. the cleric stumbles and limbs on leg.

Runtik steps and spins with the force of the shoulder hit. She slashes and stabs at the cleric. Both blades cut over chain mail while on stabes between links and cuts skin.

The cleric raises and bashes the mace down then swings int to side.

Runtik drops and rolls away from the mace bash, but feel the maces swing slam back.

Runtik rolls to fees at throws a dagger.

Dagger stabs in cleric's shoulders.

The cleric limps and lunges and clicks and clicks. Mace swing wide of Runtiks shoulders.

Runtkk snaps wrist. A dagger appears in hand. She stabs the cleric and blade swing back face.

The cleric lcickl. The clack snaps and clacks and echoes and spins and twist. Pain tickles through the Runtik. Her toes and finger tips tingles then burn.

Above and behind, a light like a flame illumincates, and the soldier above stands.

Runtik lets purr spread through body through arms to hands and fists. Her fists grip daggers. She ducks, stabs and slicaks. Her daggers sink into hip and stabs into food through steel boots. Runtik twists dagger in foot. 

Cleric of bin raises hand a clicks. 

The soldier body falls into the pit and falls to face. Its arms move and crawl to a stand. Arms hang and head hangs to side.

Runtik pulls dagger from food and thigh and run rub a small slips of sand that rises to the wall.  She leaps near top and fingers grip  and grabs edgie between brink and climbs.

The cleric falls to kne grabs foot while mouth clicks and clacks.

The soldiers limbs and stumbles toward Runtik.

Runtik climbs wall and throws leg over side as the dead soldier reaches of the Runtik's foot.

The cleric's hands glows around foot.

Rutnik throws two daggers releasing the purr through teh focus.

The daggers fly and stick into the clerics head.

The cleric falls.

The dead soldier falls and crawls the sand slop to the wall.

Runtike hears Spear's rage calm and runs along the hall.

Spear sits in the hall far from Runtik and near the pile of rubble from the cavein.

Black ooze spread over the floor. Black ossze stigs cuts and stab wounds. Black ooze fumes acid and mustard stink.

Strings of sticky goo stretch from floor to Spear's limbs.

Spear coughns rolls, stands and stumbles agains the wall. 

Dust falls. 

A few small chunks of mud brick tumble down the new slope of rubble.

Spear coughs. He says loud, ,,William.'' He breathes. His heart slows. His mind and body feel slow and calm. thoguhts thinking through the haze of rage. His voice squeaks. ''William.

Kirras grabs short swords from ground and kicks at the sand piles as she turns and stumbles toward the pile of stone and sand. ,,Guile,'' she says. ''Move stone. Find them...''

Guile stares into the darknes leaning agains wall and holding his heart dagger, ,,I can.'' She sneezes and wipes face with sleeve of robe of Reighn. ''Try. Maybe see. '' He stands and steps backward. ''No soldiers.''

Spear's sqeak cracks a shout. ,,NOW. DO IT!'' 

The shout startles Guile's steps and body to turn and stried to the rubble fallen.

Kirra beathes and stares at the sand. ,,Guile...''

Guile sniffs and head shakes. ,,YES.'' He limps and hands head. A slow thump of head pain hits. He shrugs shouldrs and nods head back.

dKirra and Spear stare at Guile as he limps toward and past Kirra. He pulls his robe of Reighn tight around body and mentan shout.

The shout spans. Echoes of Spear's rage poke Guile's mind. Rought feeling of distant hate and distrust giving Guile the feeling that Kirra hates. 

Through teh rock the metnal shout spans and lows. 

A sound is return of a drum being banged with a guitar. Whispers of hums and a whistled flows and spans through Guile's mind

Guile's robe warms. Ankle pain pulses with the drum beat that beats a sharp pain through Guile's head. His head pulses, and he falls to a knee.

Spear's large body stand over guile and the fall rubble. ,,They alive.''

Paiin pumps and pushes through Guile's head with a steady drum beat with a tickle guitar plucks.

Guile says, ,,Hear her song.'' He swallows and looks at Spear. '' ...Hear their song.''


