,,SPEAR!'' shouts William. ''SPEEEEEEEEAR!'' William rolls to chests, reaches for Spear's foot.

Spear's foot and war hammer sticks from mud brick pile rising through the ceiling.

The ceiling boards cracks and creak. Sand pours between.

Board braces near the piles and cav-in pile from above, creak. One snaps.

Runtik says loud, ,,The Boards Crack. We Go.'' She looks at Kirra and steps back from the cave-in pile. ''Kirra, we go.''

,,SPEAR!''' shouts William as William pulls and tugs on Spear's foot. He falls to knees.

And Kirra shouts. ,,WILLIAM, WE GO!''

William drops foot, and Spear's leg falls limp. ,,SPEAR!'' He falls to knees and grabs mud brick.

Myst sighs. A tear falls from eyes. Her song of Reighn sing it dry from mind as she feels a distant high not sung by Reingh. Her body feels like sunshine shines upon it naked after a bright days ina  green field. Myst sits and grabs Spear limb foot.

William tosses a couple bricks.

Kirra say and steps over Spear's limb leg.

A roll of sound rumbles a bove and a few boards creak.

William shoveles the mud brick and begins punching steel fist into mud prick and scooping cchks of mud brick from Spear's limb leg. He punches and punches.

And Kirra pulls William's shoulder, ,,WILLIAM.'' 

Guile sits thirty strides from the cave-in, hears a rumble an a few boards breaks. The gronds shake. He stands and shouts. ,,CAVE-IN!'' He runs from the heap of rubble and the pack.

Willims grabs mud bricks and tosses a few.

,,William,'' says Myst from a sound hum like a slowly lully bye to sooths a baby to sleep. She begins to says, ,,AHHHhhhhHHHHHH. AHHHHHhhhhHHH...'' with soft sounds the tickles the sould.

The boards creak.

Runtik steps back with her sole curshing brock mud bits and piles of sand of the sand element. She says, ''WE GO, WILLAIM. THE ROOF FALLS!'' She steps away. 

William punchs and pulverises mud brick and digs the pieces from around Spear's limp leg. The fist pouns and pounds and pounds. And tears fall and fall and fall. William's jaw breaks it's hold against gquivers and cries to shout. ,,SPEEEEEEEAR!'' He punchs and punches.

The piles rolls and fills the punched hole. Mud brick eplodes with punches and punches.

Kirra grabs Spear's war hammar handle and shouts. ,,WILLIAM. YOU MOVE. YOU MOVE!'' She pushes his shoulder.

Myst grabs William and blows in his ear.

The ceiling cracks.

The rolling cracks rumble through the halll then begins to click cracks in rhythm increasing tempo.

The piles rolls and fills the punched hole. Mud brick eplodes with punches and punches.

Kirra grabs Spear's war hammar handle and shouts. ,,WILLIAM. YOU MOVE. YOU MOVE!'' She pushes his shoulder.

Myst grabs William and blows in his ear.

The ceiling cracks.

The rolling cracks rumble through the halll then begins to click cracks in rhythm increasing tempo.

Kirra pulls Spear's warhammer from the pile and slides and steps wide down the pile and over the hall

William punches the mud brick with steel first than grabs and pulls on Spear's leg as Myst breathes...

Myst sooths breathe and says, ,,Spear is dead.''

Boards crack.

William steps backward down the slop and stares at Spear's limp leg. 

Myst pulls on William's steel hand and arm.

The walls shake. 

Kirra and Runtik run the hall towward Guile. And Guile runs and hobbles along the hall.

Myst pulls on William's steel hand and entones soft blows the flow through William to step and follow. 

William hears the song of Reighn along the hall give him a call from the body of his dead friend to his life the dark.

William and Myst run the hall following Kirra and Runtik.

Kirra and Runtik run to Guile, and Guile hobbles along the hall.

The hall rumbles. Sand falls through the board covere ceiling. Wood braces on side crack and snap.

The ceiling falls chasing William and Myst.

Myst guides William, and the ceiling crashes falling behind their steps

Wiliam trips over a a board, and a mud brick slams his face. 

A billow of dust blows past.

Myst see through. 

The pack runs. 

,,YOU FOLLOW,'' shouts Runtik.

Kirra follows, and Guile hobbles along. 

Guile slows step and looks back into the dust that clouds his gray site with dark shades. ,,MYST.'' He peers. ''William.''

The walls goans then  the gan feels to moan and silences. 

Bits of sand and dust fall.

Wililam and Myst steip and stumbe from the dust. Their feet catchs and trips over mud brick and boards. 

Sand seeps and falls. 

Guile coughs and waves had before face. ,,William.'' He hacks and spits. ''Myst.''

Kirra slows her steps as Runtik runs on a few more steps then stops. 

,,We go,'' says Runtik. ''We hurry. They will come soon. They will be here.''

Kirra steps from Rutnik and toward Myst and William. ,,RUN. WE GO...'' She grips war hammer handle ''GUILE!''

Guile stands and waits form Spear and Myst to jump and hope over the boards.

William begins to see the song of sight with myst as she clasps her hand. The sounds create the walls and braces of wood. He hears The song of Rieghn of Myst and follows with a quick step.

Myst says, ,,Follow quick, Guile. We should leave this place least we be one with the universal song and become a tone too soon.''

Guile follows Myst. And William is pulled along to and past Kirra.

Then Kirra jons the pack to follow Runtik.

Runtik stands at an intersection.

The intersection splits three ways. One direction is the path where Runtik ran.

Runtik breathes. ,,We go fast through the tunnels. The walls are old. We go deeper and under the city and the old city. We leave and appear near the load ground.''

William breathes and looks back.

Guile coughs and sniffs, and he looks along the hall.

She points along the hall that leads striaght. ,,The dead cleric and undead soldiers are ahead. The hall to your Wane is where we go. It is where few go.''

,,I WON'T RUN!'' He clenches fists lifts shield. ''We fight. We fight now.'' He stares at Runtik. ''We kill them all for Spear, so he may have fight them off while he sing with the song of Reighn.'' He hits steel fist on and holding small shield. ''We kill them all.'' He looks from Runtik to Guile to Myst to Kirra. ''We send their spirits to Spear.''

Guile coughs. ,,William.'' He wipes mouth. ''We need to-''

,,Go,'' say Myst.

,,With her.'' says William looking at Runtik.

,,You want revenge,'' says Runtik. ''You want to make those who chase suffer.'' She steps to William. ''You want revenge.''

William stares.

Myst says, ,,We go. We leave our quest. We find another song for use to sing.''

Guile snorts. Clears through and spits. The spitting shakes head. Head jolts pain.  ,,Don't care. We go. Walls weak.'' He peers along hall.

William says, ,,Yeah. And I begin with you.''

Runtik stands and stares. ,,And where will you go?''

William stares. Sweat drips from chins. His armor weights on his shoulder.

Kirra rips with Rose Warrior Warhammer. ,,William. Dieing for Spear will not make Spear return.''

Myst hums, and through Myst's song William sees the pack face him.

Runtik says, ,,I will lead you from here. I will get you out of Oasis. If you want to leave then you leave.'' She slips dagger into wrist sheath.

Guile sniffs. ,,And your payment.''

,,My client will not understand. My reputation will suffer.'' She looks to each. ''I may need to return to smuggling the root and the spirit.'' She smiles at William.

 ''I need to be rid of working to transport a Steel Hand.''

william steps and pushes chest against Runtik. ,,You are this client you speak of. One whe knows a dead Spear will give then great advantage for this.'' He raises steel fist. He holds it before Runtik. ''Is this what you need to deliver.''

,,William,'' says Myst like s lyrics of a ballad. ''Will you take my mand, so we may leave this land and sing a song that will echo beyond the life of Spear. I do I fear if we remain here that we will not be able to sing the song for very long about Spear.

,,Spear,'' says William.

KIrra steps to the side of Willia and Runtik. She taps the rose Warrior war hammer agains William's shoulder plate. ,,Spear is in this hammor. It is yours.''

Myst grabs Willam's hand and hums with throat vibratoins.

William sheaths long swords and grabs war hammers.

Guile sniffs. He coughs and spits. ,,Where go?''

,,You follow I will show you.'' Runtik stands near William. ''I can leave. You can find your way out of Oasis.'' She steos from wiliam. ''If I wanted you dead I would not have lead you from freedom, shown you these halls, fight only to give you to another?'' He laughts. ''The sun has your mind hot.''

,,We go,'' says Kirra.

,,Go,'' says  Guile.

Myst hums to words, ,,We go with our flow until we find the path we know that Reighn's song is the show.''

,,Where do we go?'' says William.

,,The Glass Ruins,'' says Runtik as she steps away from the pack.

William says, ,,What are the Glass Ruins?''

Runtik says, ,,Run with me, and I will tell you when beyond the threat of Chaos of Bin.''




