Runtik steps from behind Guile and from line to the constables and through the open gate into Oasis. She steps from line and into a group of people and wagons rolling from and to the Set along the wide sandstone road.

People wearing robes and fitted clothes stand in the shade of balconies and awning watching a slow line of people enter and exit the walls.

Some people five level from the ground point and laugh at a few people carrying larger than body loads on backs. They pull their thick yellow ropes and sit in the shade.

The wall castes shade long into the road and over wooden buildings rising two to three levels high. Thin streets a wagon wide spread between and straight. The sand stone road spans to the boardwalks infront of hotels, a stable, a smithy and leatehr worker and a few stores with bars along windows. As the streets span to circle white wall, shops, stores and hotels become manors houses and apartments.

The people walking from the gate and to the gate. A few walk from the highway road and to the narrow streets. 

Runtik steps along the street nearest to the white wall. Three level tall buildings rise balconies above. People sit on the shaded balconies and eat and drink. Some stare and watch the dense morning travel below.

Smoke swirls and billow, spread over fumes of flows and alcohol. A few shouts and much laugh flow from open windows and doors. The hunched shoulders and hanging heads of a body worked of energy lead beings thought the streets and into open doors. 

Runtik walks past the bars, brothels, hotels and shops; stables and a armor store with dragon full-plate having beyond bars and a widow. 

Runtik walks past the people and to the empty streets and along the manors and houses. 

A few carts are parked on the road leaving little room to move a wagon along the road.

A few standing on steps talk and watch runtik walks past. The pull on their jackets and suits looking at the sheets and rags covering Runtik.

Two constables step from an alley and follow Runtik along the road. 

Runtik steps along another alley and sprints long strides. She squeezes between the walls of two buildings and climbs up into the darkness of the shade.

The two constables jog to the alley and look down. The step along the alley and look along the walls.

Along the walls windows rise. Along the alley, boxes stack agains buidings. Fumes of piss and shits fume from the puddles between the buidings. A bit of rot sticks to Runtik's hands as she silently climbs between the buildings toward the top.

One constable stand below  and looks along the alley and the walls. He sticks head between the narrow space between buidings and peers through the darkeness at Runtik.

Runtik, near the top, stops and holds. 

The constables peers at her dark shape. Then fumes of piss and puke water his eyes and sting nose. He pulls and step back and coughs and covers nose.

The other constable who steps along the alley, looks glances back as he pokes swords behind boxes and through piles of trash.

A window open in the alley way, and pieces of bone and chucks of shit flop to a pile near the constable.

They step back and walk from the alley.

Runtik climbs to the top of the build. 

The white wall loops a few levels tallers. 

A constable standing between parpets of walls points at Runtik.

Runtik runs and leaps from bulding to build to biuling. She leaps over the small road with legs stetching and body landing with a oll on top of the wooden room of a hotel.           

A few people on deck near roof point, and one shouts, ,,HELLO!''

The guards on the white walls blow whistles. 

Runtik steps and drops betwetween the small alley gap between the the two buildings. Runtik grabs window ledge and slides and climbs to the round. Feet splash piss puddle. Runtik step over road to another alley and runs.

Sun light glows. Heat spread. 

Runtik runs between an alley and along an empty road away from the white all. 

A few people wearing robes stare and step away from Runtik. 

Runtik sees a couple constables walking with back to her. She steps into alley and runs. the runs along a road toward the wall. Eyes squint to protect the blind.

A constable whistle blows from above, and a few constable whistles blow through the buildings.

A wagon rolls pulled by an oxgoblind covered with red sheet pulls a wagon covered with a tarp. A few people sit wearing robes of purple walk along the sidewalks and glance at Runtik.

Runtik sees into their minds and removes his sight from their minds and walks with the cart, slips inside the cart and under the red tarp.

The oxgoblin neither stalls nor stops. It blusters not. It only clops along the stand stone lead by a small old man.

Runtik sits under the tarp in the cart. Dark hots spreads and fumes of piss on pants choke. 

A few constable whisltes blow around the through alley and road ways. 

Runtik lays flat on sacks feel the wheels roll along the ruts.

Voices speak beyond the trap. ,,We constables ask you to stop.''

The wheels roll to a stop. The cart rocks and settles to a stop. 

The constable voice says, ,,We are searching for one that was seen climbing walls and running over the roof tops.''

An rough cracking voice that clicks and snaos a bit says, ,,I seen nothing. I got work.'' 

A whips cracks. Oxgobins blusters. Old one yells, ,,You let me be, Canstables.''

,,We are looking for a theif,'' says one constable voice.

Anothera constable's oice shouts,, ,,WE SEARCH FOR INE IN WHITE DESERT WRAPS. IT IS A THEIF!''

A distant shout says, ,,WE SEARCH FOR A THEIF IN WHITE DESERT WRAPi''    

The cart rolls away, and Guile hears two paif of constable feet walk along.

Runtik forms an image of the old hugoblin and his cracking voice fill and spread through Runtik.

Runtik sends a thought map of Oasis and sends impulses into the brain to find the hogoblin's name, age and history who leads the oxgoblin.

The hobgoblin leading the wagon is Yousul, a fifty year old hobgoblin hauling grains to hotels and resturants and few manors. He hows the ox and the cart and contracts with a local shipper to distribute the goods through the city. Yousul is halfway done with the days deliveries. Rage spreads through mind as he thinks of constables
.

Through Yousul mind, Runtik sees. She feels and finds the route of his journey written in his mind like a map ectched in wood and hanging before his head.

Runtik sweats and lays under tarp.

The cart stops.

Yousul tosses back the tarp.

Runtik's feet appear on top of the sacks.

Yousul pulls two sacks from the cart, throws the tarp over the cart and delivers the bags to a general store without stopping.

A few breathes later, the oxgoblins blusters. Yousul cracks whip. And the cart rolls around town.

The carts stops ten times. Each stop the tarp and tossed back, bags are pulled and hauled into a building. A few times an hand or leg or arm of Runtik is exposed, but Yousul tosses the tarp over the hand or foot, and the cart moves along as Runitk lays and waits.

Runtik sweats and pisses. She drinks some water and waits and waits and waits until...

The wagon rolls around the city toward the Rise side.

Runtik sweats and drinks water. She lays on the sacks and feels and sees Yousul's mind.

Yosul thinks of water drinking from a wheel. He stares along the bright road. A few constables walk past. The road spans intersctions. The buildings become a few stone buidings surroundings by wooden gates creating a compound. In the compound, people load and unload sacks on carst; they watch two people box on a platform elevated from the ground.

Yousul stops to watch the fight.

Runtik sweats. 

Yousul pulls whips the oxgobin. The oxgobling pulls the wagon. 

The wagon has only a few sacks  and Runtik riding along the sun bright heat streets.

Runtik smells brown roon and greens smoke flowing with beef.

Yousul sees and feels around showing Runtik...

The wagon rolls along a wide street near the tall mound of sand, The outter wall of the city. The two wagon wide street. A few stone buiding rise to the bright sun on both sides of the street. Two compounds with stone walls around stone houses and woond shakes roll past.

Runtik pulls back the tarps and sees the warehouses and stones houses.

A few shanty blocks span around the iron gate guarded mannor.

Two wagons pulled by oxgoibin roll the streets. A few people wearing armor, visors and holding weapons stand before the gates of compounds and big stone buidings.

Bright sun shines every where.

Heat dries sweat.

Runtik steps from the road and along a narrow road between two compound walls.

A hugobling holding short swords watchs Runtik walk past.

Runtik wipes from the hugoblin's mind the memory of her.

She walks the rock road between sand stone wall and buildings. Sand spreads againsts the wall ain into the street. The streeet spans an wide arch with a few people walking with big packs. After drinking half waterskin and walks toward the Rise then the Wane.

Sun shines. Heat bounrns.

Runtiks squints and steps along a stone wall that rises twice her height and spans a rock throw to end. Near the middle of the wall, Runtik stops before an iron door. She pounds on the door.

Pounds bang.

Runtik looks Wax, Wan and behind to her Sets.

The road spans. And the sand rises over the sand stone walls.

Runtik pounds door.

A slit opens in door.

Runtik smiles.

A slits in door closes.The door opens.

John of the Goblinkin opens the door and smiles says with raspy cracking voice, ,,Runtik of Oasis. Welcome back to Hive Hotel''








