
William, Minst, Myst, Jan and Kirra stand around The Sage and Shake.

Shake lays on stone floor. Body is covered with sweat and body tremples. Pain pounds mind pushing, pushing, pushing.

The smell of sage fills the room.

The sage stands. His red robe bright in the light beams hangs in folds over body to the stone floor hidning his feet. His rosey checks contrast against his white bread and bald white skull. Wrinkles fold over face from beneath his beard to his forehead.

Standing at attention in the door was and down the the spiral stairs in a line of armored dwarves. Their armor shines and beard lay fluffy over chest plates. The front dwarf standing in the door way hold two poles that extend behind as he stares at William.

William stands between the Sage and Shake. His hand gripiing hilt of swords. He looks from the Sage to Shake. ,,Explain yourself,"  says William.

Shake stares at the sage.

The sage smiles lifting the edges of his white beard. His hands set clasped with the red robes big sleeves. ,,You friend took it upon himself to expose himself to powers beyond is disipline and ability." The sage turns back to William and walks between Myst and Minst. The sage points a Minst. ,,You know better than leave power open for any to read or be." 

Minst nods.

,,Now excuse me," says the Sage. "I wish to help one who by all accounts was a party to too much foolishness." 

Minst steps back.

The sage continues to talk. "Those Warren Warriors play to many games." He looks back at the companions starring at him and rasise a finger. "Foolish games. They play." He pulls up robe near knees and slowly knees to ground letting low moan. "They play them too much." He looks toward the door and waves hand and arm toward him. 

Spear lays still on the wooden platform. His body covered with a thin coat of sweat. His body lays still. His breath slow and steady. Black and blue surround the bandage around chest. Small cut and nicks covers arms and legs and parts of chest.

The Sage nods and pulls on bottom of beard. He looks toward the door and waves hand and arm toward him. "Come in. Come in."

The armored dwarve walks into the room holding two poles. 

The poles spand from one armored dwarf to another holding a platters, plates and bowls of steaming turkey, beef, tomatoes, carrots, cabbage, thick soups, loafs of white and brown bread, and mushrooms big and small, brown and white.

William step to the The Sage. ,,Will he survive."

The Sage nods.

The two dwarves stand before the rectanlge table starring at Kirra's pack contenets spread over the top. Once speaks, ,,Frint."

The Sage nods and peers at the bandage. ,,The table needs to be cleared for the food."

Kirra walks by Minst and the dwarves. She packs her bags watching the still stance of the dwarves. 

Minst looks from Kirra to the dwarves to more dwarves standing in the door fram and the spiral staircase down. Then steps to the round table and foldes his spell book and packs his large sack.

Jan walk to Spear's side and pushes the scattered packets and wraps and bags and cloth bundles to a pile near the round table. Then kneels by the Sages.

The Sage looks at Jan the Spear. 

Shake stands and rubs eyes.

Kirrs tosses back strap over the hand of a halfling relief statue's arm then steps back.

The dwarves slide the large platter on to the rectangle table then step to and stand against the wall by the door. Their armor blends with the lines and swirlds and relief characters etched on the wall. They stand and stare at the room. 

Myst steps toward the Sage and looks over his shoulder.

Shake hold head and walks to table and grabs a chicken leg and pitcher of water and drinks the
water.

The Sage looks back and smiles, winks and stands. He point to the door. ,,Were do you want the bathing pots?"

Minst quick shakes head. 

,,The balcony," says Shake spraying pieces of chicken from mouth.

Two pairs of dwarves lift poles holding up large black iron pots of steaming water to the balcony.

,,Spear?" says William.

The Sage looks to the ground. ,,This one?"

,,Yes," says William.

,,This one is in pain," says The Sage.

,,And?" says William.

The two pairs of dwarves pull metal poles from the large black iron pots and stand by the entrance.

The Sage pulls on his long white beard and blows air through his leaps blowing to whistle then the words. ,,I need to remove those bandages. And know what he was given. I believe bones are broke inside, so he could be bleeding." The Sage looks at Myst. "Reighn not having a love for this one?"

Myst looks at The Sage and nods, says, ,,Spear has a resistance from blessings and spells. Reighn is silent."

Shake burps and drinks from the pitcher.

,,Silent." The Sage nods. He pulls on beard and pulls back the top of bandage. The sage looks at Jan. "What did you give him?"

,,Red poppy. Water" says Jan.

,,Red poppy," says The Sage. "That explains some of the sweat, and his slow breath." The Sage softly presses palm on the bandage over Spear's chest. "Red poppy explains him feeling no pain."

William says with tense words. ,,Is there anything that can be done?"

The Sage looks up and peers and William.

Two dwarves lift and grip large hammars.

The Sage nods. ,,I can heal the bones. And anything inside, but." The Sage stands he pulls on beard then twirls the end with a finger.

,,But what?" says William.

Shake burps and drinks then bites an apple.

Myst sneers at Shake.

Shake winks and drinks with big gulps from his wine carafe.

The Sage pulls on his beard. ,,But if those line of scrapes on his shoulder are of the hybrid, then your friend will have a surprise in store one day." The Sage walks from the circle and says, "Frint grin traines. Got ifen lent."

,,I don't understand," says William.

Two guards holding a metal pole leaves through the entrance.

The Sage walks to the group. ,,That's because it was dwarvenis with a slight venacular of Thane Vein."

,,What's Thane Vein?" says Minst.

William stresses, ,,What surprise?"

,,No need to become angry," says The Sage. He walk to Spear and kneels with a slight groan.

Shake burps again.

Two guards step from wall. 

The Sage looks at the guards.

The guards stop. They look at William.

Jan says, ,,Infected as a were."

,,Yes," says the Sage. "The barbarian."

Kirra says, ,,It's Spear."

The Sage looks at Kirra, ,,Spear it will be."

,,You should try this mushroom," says Shake. He holds a brown mushroom with a stool as large as his fist. He bites cheese then mushroom. 

The guards watch Shake eat. They stand still along the wall of entrance and watch The Sage pull from red robe a razor. ,,I will now be cutting off the bandage to asses if I will make myself a lier by showing I can not heal Spear." He kneels and cuts the wrap. 

A black and purple burise the size of fits is under Spear's right arm pit.

,,She hit him hard," says the Sage.

,,She saved us," says William.

Shake swallows and says, ,,If we wouldn't have been forced to march across the trash maybe Spear's ribs wouldn't be broke."

,,Minst," says Myst looking down at Spear. "Cantrip Shake silent."

The Sage presses palm against Spear's side and presses.

Spear moans.

The Sage says. ,,Two broke. Not floating." 

The Sage looks to Jan. ,,The bandage held the ribs not to float."

Jan smiles.

,,How will you heal him?" says William.

,,Chemicals and his body." Sage pulls purple bag with pink stripes from top to bottom.

,,Chemicals," says Minst. 

,,How to say?" The Sage looks at Minst then the bag and pulls out a flat, brown and gray flat mass as wide, long and thick as his hand. "Result of external forces altering another force?" He hangs head and kneels. "No that's not a good common definition."

,,What's are you holding?" says Minst

,,In common. Call it rubber." He clenches a fist and the flat rubber bends. "From a swamp tree. I will use this to spread the chemicals."

,,What do these chemicals doo?" says William. His jaw pulses. He peers at the bag.

,,Heal," says The Sage. The Sage dips the piece of rubber into the bag and pulls the piece of rubber from the bag with a white, thick, cream. 

Shake says with mouth full of creamed nuts. The sticky and cream thick nut cream dries his mouth and quiets his words. ,,What if I don't want to clean?"

The Sage squints and focuses on the spreading of white and thick cream over Spear's black and purple mark. ,,You will not be leaving this room."

,,I hope you don't bathe," says Myst.

Minst looks at Myst then Shake and smiles.

Spear moans and everyone looks. 

Shake drinks wine.

The Sage pulls the rubber and hand from Spear's side. ,,The chemicals enhanse his body heal it self.  We must wrap his chest again." He wipes the cream on the rubber onto the inside of the purple and pink bag."

Shake walks from the table eating from a chunk of ham creasing his fingers. He stares at Spear, says between chews, ,,So when Spear going to be wererat?"

The Sage closes the purple and pink bag and put the bag in robe. ,,Maybe never." He walks to the balcony and dips the rubber into the hot water. "The heal cream will dilute with the water." He looks back to the companions. "Maybe have a cut or two heal better." He slaps the side of the pot. "Better clean while the water is warm. Help kill infection."

Shake pulls his leather shirt and thows in on the ground, ,,People not going to like my smell?" says Shake. He looks back. "Are you smell snobs?"

,,You do stink," says the Sage. The sage pulls a fist full of rolled off white cotton bandage and tosses it to the stone table. "The slime. It spreads everywhere if enough coats sufaces. It can sense other slime the spread until it covers all."

Jan grabs the white strips of cotton, looks at Kirra. They both kneel.

Three more armor dwarves enter holding trays. One tray is covered with stacked towels. one tray is covered with jars and bottles. One tray is covered with metal rods attached to circular rods holding dark lenses. The rods no bigger than a piece of string. 

The Sage continues to talk as the three dwarves enter. ,,The slime spread from the filter tank you fell into." The Sage walks to the tray of jars and bottles. "The goblin feces and urine are food for the slime." He picks up a bottle. "We've tried to stop the spread, but once the goblins began to crawl around the trash the slime found more food."

Kirra says, ,,William." 

William kneels and Kirra and William help Spear lift chest.

Spear maons.

,,Wrap Spear the way he was wrapped before." The Sage poins to the wall with the door. "Pile cloths in a pile. We will clean." He looks at Shake then Myst, Kirra, William, Minst. "Towels to dry. Oils and soaps to clean and sooth skin." He smiles and winks. "Smells good." He points to the tray with spectacles. These glasses will help you see the illumincation coating the walls. And see the city."

Shake takes of his pants saying, ,,Chemicals."

the Sage nods. ,,Yes."

Kirra and Jan wrap Spears chest with the bandages.

The three dwarves set the trays on the round table and walk out the door.

Myst watches says, ,,What about the slime?"

The Sage shrugs and puts the piece of rubber in his pocket. ,,It spread. Now we have a process of cleansing when we leave the depths of the trash. It brings new use to the walls."

Spear moans.A few of the tunnels for their appeared. We'd collapse the tunnels they create tunnels. It is reason for the guards."

Shake slowly lowers into the warm water. His skin feels the burn then cool.

Warmth spreads through Shake's body. 

,,That feels goooooooooooooooooooooooooooood," says Shake.

,,yes," says The Sage. "As does eating and drinking water." The Sage pulls a chair from the round table and pulls out a chair with shorter legs and sits. He leans back and slouches. He farts. 

The fart smells like sage.

Jan ties off the wrap. ,,Need we do anything to help Spear."

Sage waves hands down like faning a fire. ,,Down. Let him lay." He lays hands lap.

William and Kirra low Spear. 

Spear sweats and breaths. 

Minst looks at Spear then walk to the rectangle table and looks at the berries, roots, nuts, gords. He takes a small warm and soft pumpkin and bites. 

Shake splash water and washes face. He points at his wine carafe on the table. ,,Have some wine Minst." He then dips below the water.

Water swishes and sways and spills over the side of the large pot.

,,May we have water to clean our swords and armor. Our items. The ones not cloths?" says William.

The sage smiles pushing round cheeks from beneath a beard. ,,The weapons, armor and special objects. Yes, water and polish are being brought."

Myst looks at the food. Her emptiness and pain spread from stomach through body. Her mouth waters smelling the ham and oranges. ,,Why are you  nice to us?"

The Sage chuckles. ,,We know your path was not with an evil mind nor an intent to find the path you now follow. And until we have reason to believe you are not nice. Then we are nice."

Myst smiles. 

Kirra grabs two apples, bites one while walk to the large pots.

Shake shakes head and sprays water. ,,Coming for a swim?" He float to the far edge and lays arms along rim. "There's plenty of room."

,,Yes." says Kirra tossing the apples in to the large pot and until her studded leather. "You are a pewny being."

Myst laughs and coughs up apple. 

A dwarf steps into into the room holding a platter of folded cloth.

Jan picks up an apple from the pile of an apple, leaf raps, bundles, packets, cases. She sits on chair at table and bites slime covered apple, she watches kirra toss her leathers and cloths down to the clean and tan and dray garmets. 

Kirra takes of the clean and warm and dry cottons and feels a cold breeze over the balcony, the cold of the stone. She lifts and lowers into the large pot.

Myst grabs a potatoe and mushroom and bread and sits and looks at the Sage, says, ,,What is your name?"

The sage winks at Myst. ,,Harn. Harm The Sage."

,,Harn, The Sage.'' says Shake. "Are you here to baby sit us?"

Harn's light and bright expression holds as he slowly twists next to look back. ,,I am here to baby sit you."

,,We thank you for your hospitality?" says William.

Harn breathes heavy and nods head. He looks at Spear then at the dwarve holding a tray of folded cloth. He stands and grabs the tray and walks the tray to the table. He pulls on the top of the stack of folded cloth. ,,Cloths and blankets."

,,Now we can't leave?" says Shake. He bites a wet mushroom and chews. He drinks from the wine carafe.

Harn looks at Shake then away.

Mushroom and red wine float on top of the pot.

,,What Shake means to say is we hope to be return on our journey to the valley," says William. He holds a cut of pork that flaps and a mug of water and bread. He set plate and mug ont table next to Myst.

Harn sits with a moan the says while straightening out his red robe over knees, ,,If you wish to be returned to a hole to the goblin town then we will take you there now." He looks back at Shake then to Myst the William. "If you wish to remain, eat, rest, heal and be taken to an exit at the edge of the valley then wait for your friend to heal."

,,How longs that going to be?" says Shake spitting water like a fountian over the edige of the pot.

Harn looks behind at the books shelf. ,,A rotation. Three rotations." Harn points to big red book. "Please."

William stands. ,,A rotation," says William. "That's a long time." He grabs book from stone shelf.

,,No," smiles Minst. He says with excitement. "Their rotation is similar to our cycle. There is no sun to cycle. Their cycles are defined by work during what we call a rotation. They call a cycle."

Harn nods and grabs the book. ,,The mage here is correct." 

,,Minst," says Minst.

,,Then Minst it shall be." says Hern. He opens puts the red book on the table and opens it to the first page saying, "Minst has read." He flips a page. "Spear, will heal from the ribs in one or two cycles. The cuts and bruies in a day. With the bath a day if minor enough." He turns a page and peers pushes pupile to top of socket with head lowered. "That cut on the bathing lady's arm may take time, but the stitching will hold." He looks back and rests page on cover and says. "That's a good stitching." Then looks at page in indexes finger down page. "The lycanthrope, if those are bite marks is in his body now. As far as we know it is a chemical. How it was created we do not know. What we do know is that is passed from mother to child and through internal body fluid. Saliva not sweat." He looks at William and Myst and Jan and continues to talk.

Minst sit at round table with a plate of carrots, apples and mushrooms and creams. 

Harn continues to talk now looking at Minst, too, "The chemical or being enters, we don't know. We've looked, but what it is and how it is beyond even my understanding of the natural world. Why do we need to when there's magic and prayer to create." He looks at Myst and then Minst. "Where was I?"

,,Spear being a were rat," says Minst.

,,Yes!" smile Hern. "We have found that bites and scrapes will unlikely transform one's body as long as the person rests and relaxes for twenty to thirty rotations, which now..." He closes eyes and soft pops head side to sdie. "Which is, about, thirty to forty-five Cycles."

Minst and William chews. Myst swallow and asks, ,,I don't see rest will be in our future."

Hern nods. ,,I believe it to be true." Hern looks at page and flips through pages of book. "As longs as he doesn't get excited. Excitment enhances the chemical. We do believe the acts of animal grow the chemical and allow it to spread and alter one' body. ...And if he does get excited." He stops to flick individual pages and counts pages with silently moving lips. Then says, "Does he get over aggressive."

William swallows, laughs, nearly chokes. ,,Yes."

Hern looks at the book page and exhales. ,,Then you may have a rat twitching its nose next you one day when swinging a sword. 

,,Are you are rat?" says Spear.

,,I am a wererat," says Hern. He looks at book.

,,What's it like?" says Shake. He wades to the near edge of the large pot and puts forearms on rim.

,,One feels like an animal with distant memory of loyality and safety." Hern says. "One can not read or sum very well when a rat. But there is always loyality in the pack." Hern looks at William. "Rat or no rat."

Shake splashes from the tub and walks from pot to table leaving a trail of water. ,,Can I be a rat?" He picks up some of the folded white cloths then looks back at the towels and oils and walks back. "I want to be fast and squirly." He grabs towel and dries. He twitched his nose. "I would like whiskers." 

Hern reads book. 

,,WELL," says Shake loud.

Hern looks up. ,,Well, what. I see no water."

Shake dries hair and walks and stands by Hern. "Well, can I become a wererat?"

Hern looks from book to shake. ,,No. The transformation kills the weak. And you."

,,WEAK." Shake lifts a hand and swings it toward the sages hand.

,,SHAKE," hollers Myst.

Shake's body freezes.

William grabs sword hilt stands. Jan takes a bite of food. Kirra watches from the pot and rubs fingers through hair watching the action. She grins, and pulls self from the pot and grabs and towel and dries. Minst pushes table from chair.

,,As Carlos the Barded Dwarf wrote. Strike not the strong if weak. Walk with the strong and become strong," says Hern. He looks at the frozen Shake. "I see the symptoms of withdrawals. The bones. Your tremors and the amount wine you drink." The sage looks at the book. "Weak."

William sits. Jan swallows. Kirra pulls on her slime free, dry, warm magical undergarments. Minst looks at Shake then Hern.

,,You've heard of Carlos the Barded Dwarf?" asks Myst with a smile.

Hern nods. ,,This book is Stories of Beyond The Rock Shell. A Carlos the Barded Dwarf classic!" He smiles.

William looks at Shake.

Shake is still. 

Kirra walks to the table and says flat with no emotion. ,,Has every dwarf read of Carlos?"

,,Many have sung a song sung by Carlos." He leans back to Kirra, who picks a couple for roots from the table and a mushroom. Hern continues talking, "Even in the distant veins know of Carlos the Barded Dwarf. There are few dwarves who have not sung or read a book by Carlos the Barded Dwarf!" His face smiling and eyes bright. "He's help teach dwarves what you surface dwellers call Common Tongue!"

Jan looks at the pots of steaming water, stands and walks to the pot Kirra left. She takes off rope and walks naked to the pot, lifts and lowers into the warm water.

Hern smiles wider. ,,Have you read Carlos the Barded Dwarf? Sung his songs?"

,,No," smiles Myst. "But we have had the honor of fighting and walking with Carlos the Barded Dwarf."

Hern looks at Minst and William.

William nods. 

,,Yes." Minst smiles. ,,We have had exciting times with Carlos. I did not know of Carlos before he and William saved me from bandits wishing me harm. Knowing that Carlos."

,,Is Shake in pain?" says William talking over Minst saying ,,Knowing that Carlos." 

Shake remains still. His eyes peering at Hern.

,,He is in no pain. He is still and hearing and feeling right now wishing he could scratch that itch on his face," says Hern. "Please tell me more of Carlos."

Myst looks at William and Minst and Minst looks at William. 

,,He is witty. Nice. Polite and can sing like the sirens," says Myst.

,,And he can fight like a warrior with a dance," says Minst.

,,Fasinating," says Hern. "Fasinating." He sets forearm on stone table and leans in starring from face to face. "Where is he now?"

Myst's grining and relaxed face tightens and fades. ,,A dragon. A black dragon in the swamp." She looks away then at Hern. "During battle he was taken by the dragon. And..."

,,If he be alive then a great warrior he will be known," says William.

,,Carlos," says Hern. "Dead." Hern smile. "No, I have heard too many tales of Carlos the Barded Dwarf dying." He leans back. "Death is the ultimate exit for any performer." Hern nods. "The tales I have heard and read of Carlos show me he is the greatest of performers." Hern smiles. "And if he be dead then we shall drink later for his death." 

Myst smiles. ,,I pray he live."

Minst says, ,,He lives. He will always live." Minst picks at a piece of pork. "How big is the dwarven lands?"

Hern stops laughing. ,,May I pry and ask how you came to know Carlos the Barded Dwarf?" say Hern.

,,I found." William drinks ales and burps. "Excuse me." He near blushes and bites and chews then swallows. "Or he found me at the Cross Bar of the Cross Words To Western Pass."

,,I pub," says Hern. 

,,Yes," William drinks water. "Carlos was playing at the pub. I have been training to be a bard. And I found a song of my parents that leads to a small shield if sung in the key. I came to see if Carlos would sing the song in the vally to find the path for the small shield." William stops talking. He looks at Hern. 

Myst looks at William. Minst looks at William.

Hern nods.

William says, ,,It was all a set up by Carlos."

,,How did you know of the song?" says Hern.

William drinks ale, swallows. ,,I heard some one sing it at the Corner Bar."

Hern smiles. ,,I am not a seer nor am I a chronomancer, but I do see Carlos the Barded Dwarf in your future." Hern smiles and laughs with chest and throat. He snaps his fingers.

Shake falls to the floor. He stands and throws a pointing finger at William. ,,I WAS RIGHT! CARLOS IS RESPONSIBLE. HA!" Shake smiles and walks from round table around pile of Jan's items, by Spear and to the  rectangle table. 

,,We would not have destroyed the goblin temple had Carlos not convinced you to journey to the valley," says Jan. She stands from table, walks to large pot, pulls off robe and lifts and lowers inside large pot of warm water left by Kirra.

Kirra sits in Jan's seat. ,,He did not create your desire to reclaim the canyon and rebuild you family business."

William nods. ,,But if it was not for Carlos Buckey would be alive."

Myst grabs William's hand. ,,He did us good." says Myst. "And Buckey will be rememberd and always loved."

They stare and William inhales and exhales. he smilse. Myst winks at him.

,,Good," says Shake. "Lies. Lies and more lies." He picks up rare piece of beef and bits, chews and stacks plate with grapes and  mushrooms.

,,Maybe." says Minst. Minst slides his fingers between the folds of armor and touches spell book. "How are you feeling Shake?" Minst looks at Shake. 

,,Trying to change the subject." Shake looks at Minst and winks. "My mind is fine. Never better. now I see more shapes where there weren't." He bites a mushroom and walks to table. "what spell was I readin?" says Shake.

,,Lighting bolt," says Minst. He nods at Myst. "After seeing Minst's ring shoot the lighting bolt I have been reading the spell. I want to learn." He nods and pulls book and pops it into shape. 

Hern put a hand on the book and Minst's hand. ,,I am sure you are ready. But nothing helps focus like a bath and a free moment to think." Minst sets book on table. He nods. "Yes." He smiles and looks at Hern. "Have you the spell that held our friend?"

Hern smiles and stands. He closes the book of Carlos's tales and pulls a paper and a box from the stone shelves. ,,I shall scribe it for you."

Minst stand and walks to the large pots avoid to see jan in the pot with hands rubbing body. He walks to the pots and looks around. He stands and looks at the dwarves and the beds and the hall. He steps toward the hall.

Two dwarves enter carrying a large bot of liquid. 

Minst walks away from the two dwarves adn to the balcony and by the empty large pot.

The two dwarves set the large pot of liquid. Each pull a metal rod from the lift loops on the side of pot. Then they leave.

Hern set box the size of sword hilt ontop of stone table and lays piece of paper ontop of the tome of Carlos the Barded Dwarf. He open the box revealing a quill and feather capped with a gold cone at end. ,,That is the solvant that will clean your items of slime if you do not wish to depart from you items." He lifts the quill and pen.

Minst looks at the new bot and walks to the balcony and beyind the empty large pot and away from the sight of Jan's nakes shoulers and naked neck. Her hair pulls up and knotted on head.

William says, ,,Minst, if you dn't want to bathe I will gladly fill the pot with my dirty body."

,,Yes," says Minst. He looks at the dwarves standing at the door starring forward and still then though the balcony into the room.

,,I think Minst is worried about what I may have left behind," says Shake. "don't worry my friend I did pee in the water." Shake smiles revealing teeth and food. "We have the same stink."

,,Yes." says Minst peering at the water. "I'm."

Kirra at the arrangement of food grabs a brown rough root and looks at Minst. ,,I can hold up a blanket for you."

Myst smile and nods. She says, ,,Yes," to everyone, but only speaks to Reign whispering to her.

Darkness spreads from the pots lid and covers half the balcony, the large pot and Minst.

,,I want privacy from Shake," says Myst. 

,,Riegn want privacy for you," says Shake.

,,Shake," says Willaim. "He looks at Shake and smiles."

Shake walks to table. Water drips from hairs and face. He puts finger in ear and wiggles. He hits side of heard then pivots head then drinks from carafe. 

Hern lifts quill and begins writing on the paper spread on table. He counts and looks up and writes.

Minst, in darkness, takes off elven chain mail, the long jones and leater straps around wrist, ankles and neck. He feels around the rim of hte large black pot and lifts up and into the water feeling the rush of warmth and mint spread through body.

William and Myst eat and stare at each other and smile. William looks from Spear to Myst.

Spear lays on the floor. His body dry and free of sweat. The soft tremors gone. His breathing is slow and steady and soft. He snores.

,,That's a good sign," says Hern.

Shake watches Hern draw symbols in rows and small pictures on the parchment. 

Kirra eats and looks at Jan.

Jan washs and closes eyes allowing mind and body to spread. She feels through the water the oils and plant juices swirling and mixing. She feels the touch of blessed water helping heal the small cuts and nicks and clean the cuts and stabs. She smiles and lets mind flow with the water and wash away. Her body sinks into the water.

Kirra sees Jan fall into the water and looks at her food. She eats. 

They hear the splashing of Minst in the water.

William, staring at Spear and thinking of Buckey, says, ,,Need help, Minst?"

,,No," says Minst. He stands in water and swishes around and shakes hand through hair and scrubs body. "Can some one get me a soap?"

Shake's stare blinks from the writing of Hern. ,,Yes." Shake stands and walks to the tray now have covered in by darkness. "Hern, which will be best for Minst."

,,The tall jar full of powder," says Hern not letting sight or hand leave the paper and quill.

He picks up a rag and tips a jar of power in the center of the rag. "I have some soap power in the center of the rag." He extends hand into the darkness with the powder soap wrapped in cloth.

Minst cleans. Shake walks to the table and watches Hern write shapes and runes on paper. William and Kirra and Myst eat. 

Jan emerges from water and with one fluid movement leaves large pot, wraps cloth tight around body and grabs rope from ground then tosses the rope in the large pot near the entrance. She walks picks up shirtsa nd trowsers and bed roll and packe and tosses it in the large pot. ,,How long?" she says.

Hern scrawls on paper. 

William looks up from food and at the pot. He looks at Myst.

Jan walks next to Hern. ,,Hern, how long need the items be in the large pot?"

Hern tremors and looks up. His wide eyes relax. ,,As long as the page burns." He winks and smiles and looks at page. And reads over what is written. 

Shake slowly eats and looks at the page. 

Jan pulls her robe from the large pot.

The wet robe begins to dry and is dry as she spreads it open to hang between a dwarf and hafling relief statue.

William looks from Myst to the empty pot. ,,Would like to bathe, Myst, before I?"

Myst smiles. ,,I will wait for Minst to be cleansed then use the darkness to keep my purity in both our minds."

William nods. He walks and stands behind Hern and near the balcony openning. He pulls off armor from body and piles the pieces under the shelves.

Hern peers from the side of sight at the armor pile then looks back at his hand pulling the quill over the paper in slow and steady lines. 

The armor piles then is covered with chainmail then leather padding then a thin cloth shirt.

William stand wearing only the gountlet and thin mud staind cotton pants. He lifts the guantlet before him. 

It's silver shine reflect the light. His image bends adn twists along the curved shell covering his forearm adn hand. The curves bending around his muscles.

He looks at the guantlet and walks to the large pot and climbs in. 

Minst scrubs and rubs cloth and soap over body. 

The water and soap spread over body bringing him relief and clear free.

Jan covers body with robe and pulls her back and cloth from the large pot.

They dry and are packed in the pack. She graps a cloth from tray near large post and dips it in the large pot near the entrance and the standig dwarves. She disp the cloth in the water and cleans the wraps and packs. 

William points to the tray and the cloth. ,,Myst, will you please."

,,I got you," says shake. He takes a cloth and pours some soap powder in the middle. He reaches arm out to William. "Here." 

,,Thank you, my friend." says William. 

They look. 

"I am sorry for doubting you, Shake," says William.

,,SORRY," says Shake loud. He smiles and walks to the table and sits by Hern. "What you writing?"

,,Paralize." He looks up to the celing and nods. "Yes. That's the translation."

,,What is that?" says Shake. 

,,It hold your body," says Hern. He looks at Shake. His eyes flow with a fog of colors. The pupils are dialated and starring at everything.

,,Like I was," says Shake. He drinks some wine.

They eat. They sit. They star. Kirra

The dwarves along the wall stand at attentin and star. Only their eyelids move with a termor or twitch or two of hand.

William cleans and gets out of the large pot. The white cloth pants wet and stuck to pants. His guantlet wet.

Kirra and Myst eat and watch William's guantlet swing past. They stare at each other then look at food and eat. Kirra burps. Her body chills. She stands and tosses armor, arrows, sword daggers, sheaths, wraps into the large pot by the entrance.

The items sink to the bottom of the large pot. Small bubbles form around the surface of the items. Small bubbles rise to the surface and fade.

Minst says, ,,Whoever is nearest will you please do me a great service and give me a towel and some cloths to wear."

Kirra walks to the round table and takes garmets from silver tray and walks to the platters of silver laid on the floor between the parts. With foot, Kirra slides the towel tray near the darkness. She tosses the garment on top of the pile of towels. ,,REach from the shadows and only your arm be exposed to light."

,,Your services will be repaid when you need me," says Minst.

Kirra pulls items from large pot. 

Spear snorts deep and long.

,,That's a good sign," says Hern, who guides the quill carful and slow over page.

Jan yawns. She packs her bag and picks up her staff then tosses her staff and into the bag into a embedded bed carved from the stone. She climbs the relief statues and into the embedded bed and lays on the cotton sheets.

,,Good sleep," says Shake. 

Kirra looks at Shake and sheaths her sword. 

Minst dries with towel. Smells the lins of jars and tubes and spreads a drip of sage oil over arms. He pulls garmet over head then down body. He steps from the darkness.

William looks at cut on arm. 

,,The sage oil will help that cut," says Hern. He looks up from the page.

Myst stands and smiles pulling a garment from the garmet stack and into the darkness. A splash and she closes her eyes and feels the water next to her. 

Kirra yawns. ,,Tired." She chews and swallows. 

Shake yawns and nod heads. 

Minst walks to the round table and stand behind Hern. He looks at the paper.

Hern looks at the paper.

The paper as long as a forearm and as wide as a hand. Uniform, finger nail sized shapes pattern from top of paper to the bottom of paper. 

Minst reads the scroll.

The shapes consetric shapes changing unit the center of the shape is a point. Each shape filled with another shape with another shape. The point expands and contracts connecting the shapes and connecting the shapes in a swirl to the point.

,,Our Ruins," says Hern. 

Minst nods.

William lifts plates of armor and daggers, sword and sheath and dumps them into the large pot near the door. 

Kirra drinks ale and looks at the dwarves standing still agains the wall. ,,Do the guards need to be inside the room." She points toward the entrance. "Or Shake's urine scare them from staircase."

Hern looks from runes to Minst then behind Minst. ,,Great. Hean loft. Shaklent ent Laet. Grun han line gon."

The armored soldier hook and loop hammer and pick to belts around armored waist. The two dwarves near door step, pivot and stop in sync through door and down steps.

Wiliam looks up from pot. 

The remain two dwarves sheath weapons and step in sync from the room and down the stairs. 

The sound of three pairs of feet are heard by Kirra. ,,One stands where shake peed."

,,There's a pot for that now," says Hern looking over the spell on paper line by line.

Minst leans over Hern's shoulder.  

The linked symblos extend from pages creating an inverted colum from the point on the page.

Minst closes eyes and sees in the mind the columns of shapes connect and spread and being to grow and glow of red and blue. He feels at the edge flesh a touch of warmth. ,,Wow," says Minst. "The runes are dimension as I read. I see and feel them."

,,Yes," says Hern with a smile. "It is my universal rune." He lowers the paper away from Minst and rolls the paper into a roll.

The columns still expand in mind and merge and connect in Minsts mind. 

Minst crouches on the floor and lets the columns sway in mind. His body sways.

Hern puts a hand on Minst's shoulder. ,,Careful. Maybe you should lay down."

William drops a stack of plat armor underselves behidn Minst.

The armor clashes onto to the ground and fills room.

The sound blows and coveres the columons and Minst's mind. he tips over on to ground.

,,What was that," says Myst.

,,My armor," says William. He steps of Minst's head and picks up chain mail and other and leathers and armor tools. 

Shake smiles and smirks, swallows, and wipes pieces of mushroom from face and on garmet. He tap on the top of the table. ,,Need help Minst." 

Minst blinks and smiles. ,,No. I...I have had an experience unique. It was..."

,,Like casting a cantrip for the first time," says Shake.

,,More,' says Minst

,,Can you teach me cantrips, Hern." Shake leans close to Hern.

William picks up his leather. ,,If I didn't see it myself I would believe it to be a lie." He feels the leather and smells the surface. "Clean."

Hern nods. ,,It is a little magic and a little nature."

,,The cantrip?" says Shake.

,,That too." says Hern. "But I am not great teacher."

Minst's mind full of columns of shapes expanding in colors. ,,I will teach you cantrips once I rest." Minst stands. He grabs the scroll with runes. "I would like to try to write this." He looks at Hern. "If you will allow me."

Hern smiles. His cheek spread beard and expose pale reflecting skin. ,,You will have a life time to learn it as long as you don't burn the paper for the paper is yours to keep."

Minst smiles. ,,I may not sleep for an eternity paying debt and serving causes for the kindness."

Hern's cheeks deflate and brow lowers and eyes squint, ,,Be weary of its power." 

,,Yes." says Minst grabbing his spell book from the table and his knife and scabbard. "He walks to the beds," looks back. "Will be remain to watch Spear."

,,I will be here to see Spear wake." Hern open Carlos's book Beyond The Stone Shell. "Grun will return and we will go into the city." Hern looks at William. "the can go around the city if wish to avoid it, but we must pass near for the exit to the valley, so you can continue on with your quest."

,,I want to go through the city," says Myst from the darkness. "Is there a market?"

,,There is a bazaar the is always open." Hern looks back. "In half a rotation the markets will open again."

Minst puts spell book, paralize shell and dagger in sheat on top embedded bed area. ,,I would like to go to any market." He lifts into the bed and crawls into the the bed box.

The cotton is firm and warm. The ceiling is cold and hard.

Kirra nods and eats. 

,,We will wait for Spear to wake. When he does then we will decide what we do next?"

,,I agree," says Shake. He drinks fromw wine carafe. "But I would like to see the market."

William looks at Shake. ,,I wish to enter the market if only to watch over you."

Shake looks at william and sneers. He put the carafe on table and walks from table to the pile of his cloths. And picks his slime covered cloths from floor and walks to the reflief statues and the embedded beds. Then he pivots and walks to the balcony and behind large pot, tosses cloths and rags into the corner. 

,,I can smell you Shake," says Myst. 

,,And I can smell you," says Shake. "WE both have a stink." 

A red glow is seen to the right. A few square lights and a dots of light twinkle in the darkenss casting a sihlouette outline of depth. Blocks of dime white glows illumincate relief bulidings of cave wall.

,,What are all the light?" says Shake.

Hern reads and says, ,,The dome like read glow through the distant dark is the furnace. It heats the mountain where heat is needed. It is West. The journey to the red dome of light leads through forges and mills and some farms. The lights to the North are light for those who use light to see. The darkness to your left, the East is the rock shell covering the city. There are trails and walkways hanging and in the wall that lead to the surface and the moutnain top."

Shake sits in corner and closes yes. He holds dagger in hand. His hand tremors, ,,Do people leave the city?"

Hern reads and says, ,,Every rotation. There are farms and houses on the moutain. Not all have the love of darkness and cold stone."

,,What about other parts of the moutain?" say Shake.

,,They are closed," says Hern.

,,Because you're a city of rats?" says Shake.

,,Yes," says Hern.

Shake relaxes. The burn behind the brain is cool in wine. His and is calm and loosens grip on dagger hilt.

William drinks water. He looks at the Sage. ,,Do they hate wererats?"

,,Did you?" says Hern

William nods. ,,I use to hate dwarves."

,,Then you hear Carlos the Barded Dwarf and found yourself wanting to sing and not kill," says Hern. He looks from the book and smiles. "Hate fades when ignorance fades."

Myst pulls from  the large pot with a splash and grabs a towel and bottle of sage. She dries.

William chews and nods, then swallow. ,,Yes." He stares at Hern.

Hern stares and winks at William.

,,So why do dwarves hate dwarves?" says William.

,,Why do humans hate humans?" says Hern. "And haflings hate haflings. And elves hate half-elves?"

William nods and looks away.

Hern sits up in chair. ,,The dwarves fear being infected. They fear our openess with the surface." He nods. "The deep one travels into the mountain the more isolated and ignorant the people become."

William smile. ,,Carlos the Barded Dwarf."

,,Yes," ays Hern he winks and leans back looking at the page.

,,What of goblins?" says Kirra. "The valley. Their city. The black dragon."

Hern looks up from book and closes the book. 

Shake slows breathe like sleeping and listens. 

Minst sleeps. Spear snores. Jan's spread energy through the stone and the walls the darkness.

Hern stares at Kirra. Then he looks at William. ,,The goblins, their city? We know only of their spreading of their filth. A filth we have been meeting to plan to plug out the holes." His face become stern. "The dragon." He looks forward looking at both Kirra and William.

Myst walks from the darkness in a cottom garmet wet and stuck against her curves.

Wiliam glances from Hen to Myst.

Kirra looks at Myst then Hern.

Hern looks at Myst.

Myst looks at them. ,,What?" She bends over picking up he amulet letting the garmet pull up to her curving hips and round butt.

,,The dragon," says Hern. He clears his thoat.

Myst stands and puts star amulet necklace over head and neck.

Shake open eyes only to see the large black pot.

The star settle between breats part expose from untied garment.

Kirra looks at Hern.

William looks at Myst.

Myst walks to the relief statues and climbs the statues arms and legs into a bed cove. Her legs bare as she crawls in.

Hern clears throat. He says, ,,The dragon, William, is less danger than a focus of a lustful mind."

William looks at Hern. ,,Indeed. But both I have seen and felt."

,,The dragon." Hern shrugs. "A piece of history. A piece I haven't heard since now." He opens the book.

Kirra put her hand open on table with tips of finger near book. ,,Please."

Hern looks up from the book. ,,Hearing of the dragon and Carlos being taken away by the dragon is interesting for many reasons. Beyond the appearance of Carlos in a tale I met, beyond a group of humans being found in the garbage cistern, beyond finding you in the cisterns, the black dragon was born in a nursery near where you entered the trash. It was a hundred?" Hern pulls on his beard. He nods. "It was." He closes the book. "It was over a hundred years. It was a request from the inner core of the vein. Of this vein. Of the vein we were once part of." He looks at Kirra. "It was after the partition. The partition?" He looks at William and Kirra.

William stares becomes a squint and low brow.  Kirra stares at Hern and shrugs.

"The partition when we were put on quaritine and given a entire operation of the trash cistern and early care for the black dragon. The  partican was, at the time, a way to begin to isolate our clan from  the main vein. The partition was approved through the Vein Council and doneout of fright of our were state. Not wanting to appear like we were partitioned out of fear, they used an on going war as reason to create more defences in our Line to save the vein from any invation. At the time it was not goblins, but humans Humans that were spreading and growing and wanting more and more." He lowers wide eyes and inhales and exhales. "Like all creatures. Humans wanted more. The dwarves of the vein of the heart of all the dwarven veins want more, and they were not willing to give up what they had. The did it after the partition. With a black dragon. The Black Dragon. The black dragon was bought and held in a distand vein in a moutain range Rotations travel away. The heart of the dwarven veins had bought the egg from a band of travelling entertainers, who had stolen the egg and had wanted to use it as an attraction. When they found their entertainment wasn't givening them money to eat and dream the sold what they had, and they had the egg. They sold the egg. The egg was brough to our chamber to be raised and released into the canyon. The canyon with the lake. The one from which you came. With the trash and the magical nature of a black dragon, a swamp began to spread." Hern smiles. "We wanted to server the supplylines of the human clan attacking the vein." Hern closes eyes and pivots head. "We. They. They wanted to cut the supply lines. We wanted to be open travel in the entire vein. We wanted to have work in the metal and mine the ore, but we are left to sort and burn the trash to heat the forges and the mind. We are left to patrol the tunnels and tubes. We were tasked to raise and release the black dragon and introduce plants and animals to fill the valley with a swamp stopping any human amry. We rasised the dragin in a cave near the center. As time passes as time does, the swamp and the dragon grew. With the swamp, so stopped the war between the humans."

,,What ended the fight between the humans and the dwarves?" says William.

,,The stupid people in power stopped fighting. The Vein leaders stopped transporting good through the Valley. The found paying the extensive tax to ship craft through the other veins cost less than fighting the humans around the moutnain. Time passed we fought of some invaders but the dragon was left to grow and the swamp to spread. There were a few  events. There were invaders. The last was a few years ago. About the time the pass in the valley spread. Before the goblins came. There was an explosion caused by an accident on the part of the humans. Many died. We tried to save a few, but were unable to save any. The bodies." He stares beyond Kirra nd William. "The bodies we left on the trail for other humans to collect."

William nods, remain's silent. They remain silent. 

The lights from hern to the entrance fade.

,,What has Carlos connected with the Black Dragon?" says Kirra. She drinks ale.

Hern says, ,,It is rumored Carls the Barded Dwarf sold the dragon egg." Hern smiles. "A  rumor that did begin to be whispered in public and talked of a the brewhouse near the arrival of Carlos, so it may be of his own making."

William forces a yawn and stretch. ,,I believe it is time for me to sleep." He finish his beer. "I thank you, Hern, for the food and the comfort and the story." 

Kirra nods. ,,The goblins?"

Hern looks at William then Kirra. ,,I was hoping you would know." He smiles.

Kirra nods.

They stare.

William steps from the stone table. He walks to the wall and pulls a cotton mattress from a stone cove and pulls it from the cover and to the wall near Spear. ,,May your dreams give you rest, says William. He lays on the mattress and says, ,,Spear, may we wake with you."

Kirra stand and step from the table and pulls out a small pouch from her pack then comes back to table and spills the pouch of triangular flat peices of metal and begins to files the edges of each.

Hern opens the book and reads.

The lights around Hern and Kirra fade. 

Hern's eyes close. His chest raises slow. A soft snore escapes.

Kirra set the file on table and lays in the corner behind the ractangle table by a relief statue of hafling holding a sling.



