The sun light shines from the bottom of the canyon illuminating the sky blue and brighting the white clouds. The wind blows pine needss and brush leaves over the camp ground. Cold seeps through threads and links of cloths and armor. 

Carlos, William, Buckey, Myst and Minst sleep in a huddle by firepit. Their bodies tucked and folded between bodies. Buckey's body breaks the wind visoring the group from the wind and covering the group with a shadow.

Blankets and a loose shirt are hung on brush and flap with the wind.    

Jan sit lotus at the far edge of the camp ground. The tips of tree shadows touch her ankles. Sun shines upon face.  She opens her eyes and stares into the sun while she hums.

Kirra stops the walk of the parameter and peering deep into the trees to stare at the first light illuminating Jan's being.

The wind blows tassels of Jan's robe and locks of Kirra's braided air.

A yawn breaks the stead flow of wind blow.

Minst sits up and stretches. He sits in the cneter of the group. He picks and looks between the sleeping group and picks this and that then pulls a pack from between Carlos and Buckey. He stands and steps and sits out side groupl and reads a book pulled from back. 

Spear walks from the trees holding a dead wild turkey by the legs and net sack full of roots and leaves. He sets both by fire pit. And walks into the forest.

The sound of Spear wakes Buckey and Buckey whines, snorts and shakes waking everyone sleeping.

Carlos rolls away from Buckey and lays on side waving hand before nose, ,,Buckey likes teh early morning farts, eh?"

,,That was me," says William.

Myst wakes up and rolls and stands away from William. ,,Stay down wind." She smiles and rolls up bed roll and looks through pack.

Kirra steps from the forest with some wood. ,,Do we want a hot meal or a cold meal."

Carlos looks at the turkey, ,,Warm." He lift arms and spreads legs and leans back letting a graon escape.

,,Are we in a hurry," says Myst.

William yawns and stretches arms, ,,We should make it to the mid point my night if we stick the trail."

,,Warm," says Mynst. 

Carlos shrugs and stretches. Spear returns with roots and wood. Kirra and Spear create a file. Buckey enters the forest eating grass. Jan stands from the lotus and walks to the camp fire an picks up a root, cleans it and eats it. 

Myst looks at Williams healed foot and at the scraps of others. ,,No one looks infected."

Carlos nods, says, ,,Undead that disappear." 

William only nods and gets lost in the firelight.

"And you know nothing about it."

Willliam stares at the fire. The he looks at Carlos, ,,Only rumors by drunks."

They watch the fire grow and eat with smiles and yawns and stares into the light.

The sun rises and the wind fades to a breeze. 

Carlos tosses a turkey bone into the low fire, burps, ,,Where's shake?" 

,,He's around," says William.

The finish eating. There are only long stares and glances. They turn over the goals and pry chunks of dirts from the groud and toss it on the fire pit.

,,We should wait until the coals cool," says Kirra.

,,We don't have time," says William. He puts the blanket over Buckey's back then the saddle.

,,We got pee," says Carlos.

,,How about a spell," says Myst. 

Carlos stands, ,,That's a waste." He unties trousers.

William glances Kirra and Jan. ,,I don't know."

Kirra laughs, ,,Not going to show me nothing I ain't seen." She walks to the path from camp ground, "If it cools the fire fine with me." She stands at entrance with back turned. "I promise I won't look."

Jam giggles with hand over mouth. She pulls edges.

Myst shakes head and searches pack from pouch of components.

Carlos pees on the fire creating staps and pops and steam to rise. William looks from Jan to Kirra then stands and pees on the fire. Minst laughs and pees on the fire. 

Spear walks into the camp holding a bag. He looks at Carlos, William, Minst and walks over and pees on the fire.

,,And I thought only the pine needles could prick me," says Shake. He steps from the trees and walks to the fire. His face glistening with sweat and hand slightly twitchs. 


Carlos ties of pants and steps from the smoke and ashes. Spear, Minst, William tie off trousers and pants and step away looking at their bed rolls and packs. 

The group strap packs, tied boots, roll cloaks and robes adn hang them from pack or from Buckey.


William steps with Buckey around the group gathered at the exit trail to the main road. ,,My foot still hurts."

,,And your pride," says Carlos. He slaps William on the back and lets out a chest laugh. 

,,It will be sore for a day," says Myst 

Carlos shifts and jumps and pulls on pack strap. "I once got taken down by a couple of kids playing darts in a bar after I beat them." Carlos rubs shoulder. "Good thing their aim for my head was bad."  He steps to the trail to the road. "I was too drunk to keep my footing. Good the barkeep and his in house muscle tossed me out."

They walk the trail.

Pine needles crunch beneath feet. 

The rock trail leads through pine trees and the road of stones. 

The group spread from one side of the road to the other.

Spear nods to William and leaves the trail for the trees.

,,He doesn't like people," says Minst.

Carlos looks at Minsts, ,,He probably doesn't like wizards."

Minst looks at William, ,,Is that true."

William looks forward, ,,It is true" William stare with Minst, "But he always walks off the road. He also hates noise we create."

,,You create," says Shake.

William nods, ,,,We create." 

Silence spread. The breeze blows. The sun shines along the road illuminting it to white. 

Pine trees give way to blouders and patches of dead trees. Small streams flow under small stone bridges of the path. The sides of the trail rise to the left and lower to the right.

The tail follows the rise to the left remaining level and true with rock stuck on bolders. 

Small dirt trails leave the paved raod winding to hidden ends.

The road peaks then decends then disappears.

,,Where's the road," says Carlos.

Cut stone rock are stacked in piles by bush and tree right down to the valley and the river and up to the mountain. Trees lay fallen across trail from chopped trunk to trim tip. Trees pulled to the root from mountain widen stone and dirt raod. Sand cement spreads under brush and around tree trunks then scatters under pines and with dirt and rock.

Carlos pulls on beard, ,,It's like some one took a tree broom and swept away the trail with roots," says Carlos.

Shake wipes forehead and fondles tip of knives. ,,Giants."             

Kirra steps frome the edge of the cut stone road to the dirt and pine needles and to the bursh and fallen  trees. She rubs her hand at base of trunk, ,,Chain marks." Kirra kneels to the ground and poits at rows and circles of three the straight marks in dirt that come to a point. "These look like goblin tracks." She stands and walks round with head down and eyes peeing. She points, "Here." She kneels, "A troll foot print." She  points around and piles and divots of dirt, "I looks like they tired to hide the troll foot prints."

,,Goblins?" laughs Minst. "Aren't they stupid little creates that run hils and moutains."

Carlos nods head, ,,Normally."

,,I don't feel anything," Spear says. He sniffs. "Or smell anything." 

Jan says, ,,Usually the live with the trees." She walks to a tree trunk and puts hand on a root. "The trees give them defense, security. Homes."

High gray clouds float and build round the Canyon walls. 

William puts hand on sheethed sword's hilt. ,,We better get going. There is still some trall to follow."

William looks at Buckey. ,,Maybe you should return?"

Buckey snort and shakes head and walks from paved road to dirt and rock.

Carlos says, ,,Lead the way."

They follow Buckey and William over dirt and rock between the road treeline and faded outline of cut stone and sandcement.  The ground axis slats right creating all to lean left to walk level. Feet slides and catch, and scramble. 

The side of the mount cut for a path creating walls and slides of dirt to the left.

Bolders rest against the tree on right. Tree tops lay on road  left to right creating tree ramps from road to place above the dirt walls.  Cut stone piece piles spread through the trees and increase in size and amount.

,,Summing the amount of cut rock," says Carlos. His foots slips on a rock.

The rock tumbles down the mountain side hitting a pile rocks that knocks rocks hitting piles of rocks.

,,What did you say," says Myst.

Carlos looks from the rolling rocks to Myst, steps and walks, ,,Summing from the bolders and the piles of rocks I would to have liked to hae seen the trail." 

William looks back, ,,It was impressive and time saving."

Spear steps down to the roadway, ,,We could find a deer trail," says Spear

Kirra shrugs, ,,Maybe, but if those goblins tracks are true then all the deer are probably long dead."

Spear nods with a stoic face.

,,Wasn't there an old road before this one," says Minst.

Carlos slaps Minst on the back, ,,Good question."

There is silence. William stand watching Buckey kick and scrap up and over slide over dirt cover bottome of bolder

Buckey kicks and scrapes hooves to walk up slide of dirt and around a bolder

 Shake climbs on top of a bolder and looks down at the group as they pass. ,,Full of wolves," says Shake. Shake jumps from bolder and lands by Carlos. He smiles and walks with Carlos. He fondles hilt of dagger. 

,,Bandits and smugglers," says William.

Carlos walks by and smiles at Shake, ,,Friends of youre."

Shake walks with Carlos then walks to William.

Minst slips and falls on face and slides then stops. Jan grabs Minst and helps Minst stand. Minst brushes leather sleeves and pants. ,,Thanks," says Minst.

The road levels and becomed horizontal. Trails the size of bolders span from trail down the mountain leaving a path of fallen trees to a bolder. 

Root trees lay fallen. Their hurs root spread from the dirt wall to left.

The trail rise and and leans right.

,,Getting steep," says Spear. Spear steps from right treeline and walks along a fallen tree. "There's a  a gobling trail up above. The goblins have pulled up the trees. in road  and against the trees mud puddles and tree limbs; arond trees and bolders between the tree and . Spear walks away from the group keeping a hire trail of fallen trees and bolders. 

,,They're ambushing travellers with bolders," says Kirra.

William nods, ,,I think you're right."

,,Of course she's right,' says Carlos. "But where left with no options."

,,We can follow the river," says William.

Minst looks up the road and down the raod. ,,We can go back,"

,,The trees are thick before. The road goes along a cliff to the river," says Spear.

,,He's right," says William.

Minst points at Buckey, ,,What about Buckey," Then he point down the hill, "And climb down."

William laughs. ,,If we go down, I will be more worried about you making it safe." 

Buckey exhales, nose flars. He runs up trail, twists a half circle raises front hoof like he is going to strike the mountain, then twists a half circle jerks head down the mountain and clicks froont heels on edge of trail.

Small rocks tumpble down moutnain side. 

Minst smiles, ,,Is he challenging me?"

Bucket buckes. rear legs kick hooves high.

William shakes head, ,,I don't think."

Spear says, ,,Run."

Kirra grabs Jan, ,,RUN to Buckey!"  

A rush of thunder rolls from silence to all that surrounds shaking the sound.

Trees dissappear. 

Rock and dirt slides spread from the group to Bucky and from group to the goblin trail. 

Minst falls upon sliding dirt and pebble. Myst slides standing then falls back with head down. William leaps for Myst. Shake pulls dagger from sheath and stabs at the ground. Spear leaps and lands on sliding dirt and pebbles. Kirra grabs Jan, holds her and falls with feet flowing first fast down the mountain side ontop of pebbles and bolders.

Spear lands on sliding rock near Buckey and tree line. 

Bucky whips head and swings reigns to spear.

Spear slams feet down pushing up on moving rock. He reaches for Buckey's reigns, but misses. He slides and rolls down the moutain side.

Shake looks at boulder rolling down from above at him. He rolls right and slides down moutnain side. 

The boulder rolls past Shake then Minst.

Dust clouds and covers the rush of sliding rock and dirt. Sound covers the screams and shouts. 

Spear, Shake, Minst, Myst, Kirra, William and Carlos slide down the mountain side. They roll to stop on a rising and spreading moutn of rubble.

Jan roll away from Kirra.

Dust covers and coats body, face mouth and nose, the mouth, nosrals, throat and lungs.

,,CLIMB," hollars Carlos.

Dirt flows from moutains side over their bodies and spread and rises.

Spear and Kirra climb up rolling rock and dirt. William pulls Myst upright, and they climb.

Jan pungles hand into the dirt and looks up trhough the dust the foci of the sun.

A wall of pebbles and dirt rise.

The dirt and rocks slide and roll around the wall of dirt and rock and away. 






