Searching the tower took a cycle, but leaving the tower took three days because smoke in the shell of a building thought to be the keep lingered inside for three days. The smoke blew away or settled to become soot, but before the smook in the keep became soot, the pack searched the tower.

The search of the pack through the tower began with the top.

At the top, until the night falls, the pack stretches, gathers items and takes inventory counting components, tools and weapons and mind. One by one the pack stands and looks aover the table, looks from the tower to the castle court yard and tosses the table and shelves. 

Kirra finds the right tension of bow to shoot an eagoblins.

The pack pees and shits and gathers armor, belts and pouches and silently, but collectively begin to to descend the invisible stairs to the telport.

Along the shaft, Kirra leads the pack down the invisible stares. The step by the slit window. Kirra tosses a few jars found above down the center of the shafter and waits for a crash far below. Fare below the pack goes and to the base. 

Around the base of the invisible stairs, Flare, Spear, KIrra and William tap the walls and peer and feel along with walls for seems, but find no seem, door, traps or nicks and chips. 

The pack stands around the teleport.

Minst says, ,,William should lead least we all remain in his armor.''

William peers at Minst then steps, teleports then appear at the bottom large stone sphere.

After the teleport through the globes with William leading, the pack teleports to the room with the massive tapestry.

In the room with the massive tapestry the find a pile of stone rubble with an arm, leg, finger and toe scattered about.

,,The stone hugoblins,'' says Flare, and she looks up.

,,The disk below,'' says Spear.

And to the disk below in the white room the go. The pack teleports back and finds the only teleport disk untouched was the teleport disk in the white sphere are the stone sphere that lead the pack from the tower shaft. The pack stare at the teleport disk below at the white base.

William says, ,,I will go through the untravelled teleport.''

Flare steps to the edge. ,,The stone hugoblins lay below.''

William steps. ,,It be the only path not taken.'' 

Kirra puts hand on william's shoulder. ,,I climb. Find fall of stone monster.'' 

Kirra climbs while the pack watches her ascend the massive tapestry and leap and swing across the spheres. 

Minst castes a spell to light the way with hundreds of tiny light ball shining around the room. 

Kirra finds a disk like surface at the bottom of white globe over the stone rubbish of the stone hugoblins.

The pack remains in Carlos's Museum after Guile discovers all the books have forewards, speeches, short stories, references or pictures by Carlos the Barded dwarf. William fixes the shoulders piece of amor to stop it from digging.

Carlos's Museum is thrashed. Booksevles are tipped. Carpets are torn and pilled along the wall. The massive tapes try and cut and sliced. Spear and KIrra climb to the chaings hanging the sphere. 

The pack searches for components for Minst to fly. They search for secret passages on floor, in boxes, along walls. The look at the rugs and the powers. 

Spear and Kirra leave for the base of the tower. Spear and Kirra rub walls for seam and holes, cracks and nooks, but find smooth flat concrete and stairs down to the base of the tower.

At the base of the tower, cold concret and a soot outline around the slidnign door is found.

The door opens to thin smoke and coughs from Kirra nd Spear.

Black dust illows as they open and close the door.

KIrra nd Spear return and reprot of the smoke. 

They feel thirst and hunger. They feel the grubles through stomach, a hollow pain and partched tongue.

Guile sits on a couch amoungt the rubble and remains saysing, ,,I find way out with mind.'' Guile sleeps and sees and tries to reach beyond the mind and the people of the pack. She follows the maze of the teleports then lets the goblins functions, grids of clicks and clacks and the thought of Shake for Shake's thought enter Guile's mind a few times beginning as he lays on the sofa.

Shake's voice is a mumble to begin the becomes louder than a strong wind. >You will see no light will be beyond the tunnel you seek. A path of rot and death you seek. From the goblin's keep.<

Guile hears the voice and feels Shake and follows the feeling to force the mind around the room. Guile sleeps and lays thirsty and hungry.

Two cycles of the sun the pack wakes. 

Flare takes to waiting with kirra on tower top. They watch the flocks of eagboblins fly from many to a few. 

The clouds come and now. Flare and Kirra with the help of Spear gather the snow for water. 

Two days it snows and for two days the pack rests both in Carlos's museum and the tower top.

After two days, Spear and Kirra lead the pack into the keep. 

In to the area that the keep be known. The pack walks through the assh and burns shards of armor and packes, tools. Bent and metal weapons lay scattered. 

The pack steps an creates a dust as it walks around until ay light is found high above shining through a hole the size of a door.

,,How do we climb up?'' says Minst for the walls are soot coverd and seep..

Guile says, ,,YOu make stairs.''

,,We search for secrets,'' says Spear.

The pack spreads and walks along the soot covered walls feeling, rubbing and peering at the dark with the help of floating light globes caste by Minst.

Soot spread over bodies and face as wall are knocked, tapped and pressed to hear.

The small light above fades, and the pack sleeps in Carlos's Museum only to return light returns to Guiles Minst's acsent. Before the return, the pack sleeps then dresses, prays, reads, seeks and feels alone. 

The prayers of Myst sing long and strong and be the few sounds all the pack hear as they sleep in different rooms, focus on different pathes and search for their minds. The prayers of Myst continue in the light and shades of darkenss. 

Myst can't see from sight but finds through song and sound the paths.

Wiliam once for day asks Myst of the sight, but she only says between hummed notes. ,,It bee what Reighn sees.''

Few words are spoke with the pack with glances and looks as each works together but feel apart. Hunger and thirst silence the tongues.

Then another night become the light.

The pack gathers with silence and follows Minst with silences.

Minst clicks and snaps a staircase to the light and through the light into the blue sky.

The blue sky darkens from MInst's mind as he goes blind, and the pack quick steps to the door into the court yard. 

The snow covered court yard gives shiver to bodies.

Claws and tail marks spread through snow tops and around buildings. Bird claws, human feet, elf hands, thorned tails large and small sperad over snow. Small piles of yellow and blues puddles spot near the buildings.

The tracks lead around stone buildings of the court. The trackes lead to the doors leading into the walls of the castle court.

The castle courts is search one light cycle. The pack kicks snow, inspect walls of small bulidings, hits the ground push stones and walk the length. Minst wanters around blins with Myst. 

Myst sings searching for surface unseen. She sees the walls and snow and the entrances to the curtain wall.

The sun rises and sund sets. 

Sounds of growls and moans flow from the curtain walls.

Night falls and the pack gather at the entrance to the keep.

Hunger pains spread. Focus wanes. The hear slows. The pack gathers in silences.

A moan rolls slow over the court yards. Sulfur wiffs blows with the wind.

Guile nearly gags. 

,,The beast of the desert,'' says Kirra.

William says breaking the days silences. ,,A beast like we seen before we entered the keep.'' He feels light, sways then feels hunger pains. Secrets are not found. Hunger spreads around..

,,Food,'' says Spear. 

,,Where are the secret doors?'' says Minst. ''Where do the beast come?''

A low growl then bark cracks the night. 

A sulfer smell blows past. 

,,Smell. Beast of desert,'' say Kirra.

,,Where do they come from?'' says Minst. ''The desert.'' He rubs his hand and blows. ''If they are from the desert then they come here. They know. The know.''

A deep horn booms through the court yard. Snow crunches.

Creates of shapes like snakes and bears, dogs with one wing and horn over back. Beasts like humanoid's with snake arms from hums and bone step from the castle wall. They limb, slither and crawl over the snow covered ground. 

Shades of heat, shades of gray and sonic forms surround the the back as they stand at the entrance of the keep.

,,They surround,'' says Spear. ''They are hungry.'' Spear pulls bastard sword from back scabbard. ''I am hungry.''

Flare raises shield and short sword. ,,Not good eats. Black blood of rot.''

Kirra holds knife and short sword to side. ,,Smell is poison. skin.''

,,If like creatures of desert.'' Guile peers and see a a tentical with a human hand at end. ''Then tunnel from castle to desert.'' His feet cruns snow. 

A rattle shakes through the dark and cold. Then a hiss with a moan flows around the pack. 

,,Are these creatures of the dark?'' says Minst. 

Myst grabs Minst's hand.

Minst says, ''I can not see.''

Myst hums.

''I can not see.'' says Minst. 

Wililam says, ,,We remain in keep, and we cross the court yard-''

,,MOVE!'' says Guile. His big hadng grabs Minst's amr and pulls.

The tentical hand lashes toweard Minst. 

Kirra swipes short sword and cuts tentical.

Tentical hand tips falls, and black blood sprays. 

A sulfer smell. 

Spear feels a rush up spine. ,,ABOVE.'' He spins with arm grabbing Myst from stand near door and moves Minst into William. He swings bastard sword in an arch as he pushes Guile and Minst over the hand flopping.

The bastard sword slices a large flap of flesh, like a huge fine, flop from top of keep to ward the door. 

The flap flops and slaps keep wall and falls to ground and rolls into keep door. 

Black blood falls. 

,,MOVE!'' hollers Spear. 

Myst grabs Minst's hand. Myst sings a high note like a whistle then a low throat vibrations as the pack moves.

The pack moves through the court yards. William grabs, fumbles, drops Hern's Specticals as he stumbles over the snow, between small buildings toward the dark Set. KIrra steps side to side behind William watching black beings seen through her heat and night sight as a black blob. Flare steps and looks with kirra raising shield as she glacnes ate Spear. Spear steps backward pushing Minst. Minst stumbles and is pulled my Myst. Myst sings and follows William.

Guile smells smell of rot and shit wiff. He gags near wall and coughs. He tries to step, but falls. 

Black blood speads over ground. A tail with barbs swings from above. 

Spear hollars, ,,MOVE.'' He grabs Guile and pushes Minst.

The pack moves toward the set over the snow and between stone buildings.

Dark shapes slither and stomp and surry over the snow and on top of shacks and stables. A long roll of mass slithers along the keeps wall to the ground. Five beings with legs and hands attacked to a ball land between the pack and the keep.

William says loud, ,,We leave now or die weak.'' He peers, steps and hold long sword. ''We fight and find what we seek.'' 

Myst grips Minst hand, whistle and hums low and fast. 

The sounds twist and sing past. The sound slide and bounce from walls and creatures. The sight is seen with Myst.

Minst does see a outlines of ground and stable define froma  fuzz tolines. Blobs flash and sway through distance. 

A groak like a giant frog blurrs and spreads the sound sight of Minst.

Myst still sees with sound and creates the sound. Her mace is latched and broke drum gabbed adn she taps drum base and steps to the Set after William and with the pack.

The pack steps over snow through the court yard from beasts falling around.. Kirra sees a sihlouette and sees the three creatures steep from keep wall. Flare slashes and cuts a beast and steps back. BOOM shakes through frozen ground as thick roll flaps down keep all and smashes ground!

Spear pushes Minst and Spear and swipes swords and steps back.

Flare steps toward the keep.

,,AWAY,'' hollers Spear. He steps back. 

One, three, five, ten small blobs blop from building top and keep top and around the pack.

A being like a horse with seven lets and no head gallobs from the dark at Kirra.

,,RUN FOR SET,'' hollers William. William grabs Myst's hand.

Myst steps, sings, runs.

The pack runs.

A seven leag beast leaps lands, stumbles at the pack. 

Kirra steps and slices and cuts the beast. Flare leaps over the dog snake beast that rusha and snaps. Flare's shield smacks the snots.

A hourse light creature with nine legs kicks in circle from stable over snow at Willaim.  A soft hoof hits Williams shoulders. 

Wiliam swips, hits Kirra and runs. His swords nits the nine legged headless horse beast.

Spear grabs Guile, ,,MOVE.''

Guile coughs, cages, stumlbes.

Small critters like spider rates scurry over snow and leap and jump, brounce. Snake racoon beasts slither crawl from snow and puddle of black goo.

Small claws swipea, and mini mouth bits at the feet and heels of the pack. 

The feet and the heels of the pack step fast rhough the snow. William hollers, ,,FIRE MINST. AROUND. HOLD FROM AND MOVE.'' He swings sword at a sound. Swords hits tentical.

Another sound from the Song of Myst gives sigh for William to hear and see through the dark. The song of Myst calm Minst and gives minst sight to see a tunnel of light toward the rise and door to the castle wall. Minst grabs Myst's hand as they run. Spear jogs back ward watching though his gray shapes of beings slitther, step and hop behind. Guile oulls from Soear and waddles over the snow like tripping and jogging with fat bobbling and bouncing. 

The pack runs thorugh court and near the castle wall.

The pack breathes adn steps and hold form as they runs as Minst feels and pops component packs into hand.

A passage into the castel wall appears. 

The grae over the portclus spans. 

Hundreds of rat sized tentical coverd bests scatter, stacke, leepa and grow over the ground and the path of the pack.

Hern's glasses run from Willaiams's face.

Shapes of snakes and five footed beasts dragging flat mounds of fat appear in sight. 

Swords swing, slicks and smake the tenticals, hands, clows feet and bodies of beasts closing. Feet squicsh and curch small beast under feet.

William swings and cuts limb from a body like two human with one wais and ne heads. He steps into castel current wall.

A loud chirp like a bird whistle around William and over the pack thorugh the night.

The pack is hit by hairs, fingers, first. They are hit into the dark of thecaste. 

Beasts like snakes and cats, mice and birds, humans and pig step, glide and slighter behind Spear and the pack. 

A thorned tail lashes over Spear's back cutting scabbard hilts strab and Spear's back.

Creatures cover the ground and walls. Creature bits, whip and claw the other. Spray of black ooze sprews. Creatures tear, ripe and bite creatures. A frenze of feeding flips and ccreams.

The packs steps into the castle wall hall and into the deep dark.

BOOM! booms.

A beast bash from arn arch path into the ahll and slams agains the stone wall. The follow and walls shutter.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM Booms as beasts like bulls with horns rush and hit wall then rush the pack.

Williams stops step and push Myst to a still. ,,RUN THE STAIRS!''

Spear swings swords and fist and hits back stray tail and tenicla. He nudge Guild to teh stairs.

Guile stumbles up the stairs with Spear, Kirra, Flare swiping behind. Cuts and brusie pain over hands and legs, back and hios.

William pushes Minst ana Myst with back. ,,THE STAIRS.''

A blunt thump slams William's chest.

The song sings for Wiliam to see.

A beast rises from wall.

,,WILLIAM!'' hollers Spear as he steps and leaps from stars and grabs William to a stand.

The pack push up with Kirra and Flare leading with shield and sword.

Dark beings like human beings walk on spider like legs at Kirra and Flare as they step from the stone stairs.

Kirra rushes, spins, slices and rolls to floor top. 

Flare rushes with small shield slamming soft surface of creature behing. 

The pack pushes up the stairs.

Mnist fumbles through fingers component bags. He finds footing and sight in the dark. He sees the being crawl on walls and celing and around the bend ofthe stairs. He step and chants and slaps hand seeing a circle shape a sphere at the bottom of the stiars.

A fire ball explodes and expands donw the stairs and over Spear and William.

Spear and William feel the flames singe and burn hair ends.

Screams and growls preceed the scamper of feet.

SMall blobs of dark goo blop on the pack. 

the beast before Kirra and Flare run back.

The fire flashes to dark.

Dark leads to arch then a balcony into a night and fire light.

Flare and Kirra lead. 

,,WE RUN HERE,'' hollers Flare above the song of Myst and the groans and squeals of the dark beasts.

The pack runs there with Willam and Spear the last to step on the balcony. 

The balcony over looks darkness and the gate to the streets, lamps and soldiers standing. Fires burn beyond the castle walls.

Flare grabs the stone wall, sheaths swords and falls over the edge with hand holding to top. She release and slides fast along wall and hits with a thump to stone ground. 

Kirra leaps from the balcony ledge and lands with a kick. Her bow falls and clammers over ground.

Guile hits the balcony edge. His stomach push and bounces. He coughs and pushes back. ,,Cclwo.'' He spits in dwarvish.

Minst's is blind, trips over Myst. Myst and Minst press against Guild. 

Spear and William steps turn and step back. 

The dark beeast rush toward the arch and balcony. A loud squeak and sqeak with a backs. 

Sizzles and pops hiss around the pack. 

the dark beings slither, step and slime away from the arhce. A tentical strikes to hit the pack. 

,,Down,'' William breathes. ''Down. We.''

Spear grabs Minst's armor and pushes him to edge. ,,Grabs, lower, fall.''

Minst crawls over edge with Myst, lowers and falls. 

A twist pains spirals up leg and over spine.

Creates rush and leaps. Spear and William grab edge, lower and fall into the castel entrance.

Burning, smoking, screaming, hissing blast from the wiindow of the mezzaine.  A tentical twisting falls as a stub to ground. Fingers and flaps of flesh slap surface.

The pack crawls and steps back. 

Minst listen fo the foots steps and slides had between folds of armor and taouches... ,,Where is my spell book?''

The pack hears al lwith Myst song that sooths and quiets to silence as thorat base and whistle blow quiet. 

The song of Myst become a song of Reighn in Myst's head. Her mind says to Reighn, ,,I do what you please to have fate guide.''

The packe sees the fate through the gates of the Portcullis.

Beyond the gate is the road and the buildings. Bonfires and torche files flikcers over the snow. Goblins soldiers stand and stare. Goblins solders hold bow and swords and watch as they strap on leather armor and lookf or shields.  The open road lays beyond the gate, and the pack stands.

,,My spell book, where.'' says Minst. ''My spellbook, my spell book, my spell book...'' 

William steps to the fence. ,,We go now,'' says William as Kirra nd flare stand and steps fast to thegate. 

,,Go,'' says Kirra. Flare follows Spear runs to toward the gate.

Torches are riases. 

Myst grabs Minst and talks to Reighn, says to Minst, ,,WE go.''

,,Go,'' says Minst as she pulls

Room lights from buildings around illuminate.

Minst reads the Goblins Spell Book while walking to try to warm the body with mind. He finds the meaning of lighting and fire. The shape of a ball reads like an equation.

William pushes on Minst and leads Myst to the door, ,,move.''

Guile, stitting on the floor, stands and limps slow, His heavy breath blows spit and snot. He coughs and limps and tries to shout.

Spear bursts from the the gate door and into the street followed by the pack with Guile in the back and falling to the ground before the door.

Soldiers leap from sitting annd sleep. Cross bows are raises and swords points.

Torches and room lights give bright to the night and reflect over the snow.

Soldiers stand and hold as the clicking and clack spreads.

Spear runs road with William in tow and the pack in a ling behind as Myst ties to sing, but mind goes silent.

Minst falls in much.

Net flh from balconeys. Soldiers spread from Spear's rush, the pack's follow. Small shields are riase.

Spear roars and swing hammer breaking hodl of the barrier.

The wall of soldiers spread as nets land on Minst and Myt. Nets spread over Guile and mud. 

Soldiers with black band run the streets and surround. 

William punsch faces and chests and looses his words. A net covers. 

Net cover alls. Small shield are slammed against body.

Nets are pulled and drags.

A grouo of five pull guile over the mud and snow to the pack.

Nets fall over Minsta he sees the night. The nets are pulled tight. He falls flat near Myst.

Myst kicks and pulls as the net warves and rolls her down. 

Mud flaps. Spit hits faces. Feet and hands kicks.

Soldiers hit shortswords against small shiedls. 

Clicks and clacks spread throug hthe clouds. 

Kirra cuts an net and stabs a soldier and cuts another before a small shield bashes her head. 

Nets are pulls tights. 

Spear breaks free and rushes a group holding william's nets.

Myst, Guile, Flare and Minst fall like catapillars wiggling in a coccon. 

Spear leaps and beats one goblins then two. 

Soldiers step from Spear's path. More nets fly. The ropes nets tie and pull around Spear.

Spear and William fall and are pulled to the pend streat with fifteen soldiers.

The pack is bundled to the ground. 

A THUNDER CLAP snaps all to silences. The spitting and kicks stops and the goblins soldies step away from the pack.

The goblin soldiers step from pack and lower sword and shields.

A path parts from a window lite hotel.

Spear shake and pulls, but feel the rope tighten around body. William grabs rope with guantlet and pulls breaking strain. Kirra shifts and cuts rope strings. Guile coughs and Myst and Minst lay still. 

The song of Reighn plays quiets leaving Myst in silence for the quetion she says outloud. ,,Why?''

A line on black armored soldiers step  through the goblins mass and to the pack and spreads to stand.

A hoboblins steps with the black armored goblins and kneels by William.

William squirms and reaches to grab the hobblins. 

It laughs a cackle and click. ,,If found you.'' It smiles.

,,Who,'' sneers and barks Spear. 

,,Who,'' says the hobgoblins soldiers.

A a few gobilns pull on Flare's net and pulls net from Flare.

''Who?'' says the hobgobling. 

Guile caughts, ,,You.''

Minst says, ,,You are the goblins from swamp.''

Flare stands and steps from the pack and the nets and stands by the soldiers.

The hobgoblisn says, ,,John of the Goblinkin has captured you.''

