Pressure pushes against Jan as she seeps through silt and rock like water to a base of clay. Her body spreads and settles.

Jan lays spread like water for an instant and an internity. The soft vibrations feel to ripple through her liquid body.

The vibrations are a voice. The voice of blue is not heard but felt though the vibrations of rock and dirt passing through Jan's liquid base.

,,Balance is beyond the life of one or a few. Balance is found in the acts of all or none. Balance of nature is a whole,'' says Blue sounding to Jan like Blue speaks through a wall.

Silence and darkness surround. Cold and smell of wet dirt flows through Jan's spread mass.

''Why should they live?'' says Blue.

From a force felt to be given then found Jan speaks like a splash. ,,Why should any thing live?''

Darkness seeps and spreads.

Jan feels to sink deeper in the to rock and silt flowing around stone only to settle and stop with the vibrating voice of blue.

,,To give life,'' says Blue.

,,I was giving life,'' says Jan.

,,To those who take life,'' says Blue.

,,To those who know nothing more than death.'' Jan begin to focus on the cold and darkness. She reaches with a force of life spread through the dirt and rock.

,,They deserve what they know,'' says Blue.

,,Why?'' says Jan as a foci of force focuses to a point.

,,They are not giving life,'' says Blue. Then the voice pounds Jan's liquid body spreading her over a span of rock and dirt and pushing and shiftiing the force focus she had found as the voice vibration screams, ''THEY CONSUME!''

Jan finds her focus and feels her liquid body pool to shape through rock and dirt a circle. ,,Everything consumes.''

A gentle jolt and a wave of virbration speaks to Jan. ,,They consume life beyond life they give. They break the sphere and eat what's within.''

,,They can learn to give,'' says Jan.

,,They will spread and consume the life that surrounds as time passes,'' says Blue. ''They are goblins.''

Jan loses her focus and spreads and the word goblins shakes and vibrates. Then with a push she feels her body rise through the rock and dirt. ,,Goblins need to be shown,'' says Jan.

Laughter spreads and shakes Jan's liquid form. Laughter pushing her down into the ground. Laughter pounds the pool to a puddle to tear. The laughter fades.

Jan settles and says, ,,I will teach the goblins to give life they take.''

,,I will kill the humans when they remain,'' says Blue seeing jolts and spirts of force through Jan. ''They have had their warning. They need to learn. Like locus they reamin until they all is consumed. Like goblins they can not be taught.''

,,They can,'' says Jan. ''I learned. You learn. They will learn.'' Jan gathers her liquid to form a frame like that of her flesh form and rises through the rock. ''Give them time to learn. Give them guidance. Give them time for season to pass and them to leave. Then kill if what you give is not returned.'' Jan's rises, pushes, presses, filters up leaving words in wake. ''Remember, the goblins will follow.''



