Rock falls. Pebbles rest. Dust spreads.

Darkness is.

,,Burried again,'' says William.

Dust blows past. Rocks roll. Pebbles hit. Stones settle.

Kirra pulls her foot from pebbles. She sees deep to light blues defining rocks and bolders. Shades of deeps read near black spread to the distant.

Elf dragged in by Spear breathes fast, sucking in...

''Myst,'' says Willaim.

,,I will survive,'' says Minst.

William crawls and grabs Dante's boot. ,,What about must?''

,,Next to me,'' says Dante. "She breathing. Heart beats. But.''

,,Light,'' says William.

Spear stands and sees the cave as dim light fading to darkness. He steps and kneels by Myst. ,,Kirra,'' He says.

Kirra pushes body up and grabs. Pain stabs through shoulder. Small burning spots cover back. She stands and sways and steps. Her head pumps pain. ,,What?''

,,Myst,'' He looks down. ''She sleeps.''

Willaim tries to push against the ground then closes eyes.

Kirra pulls dart from leather armor and tastes tip then spits. ,,Poison. Root.''

,,Cowards,'' say Dante. He pulls a dart from neck. ''Is This your tunnel, Spear?''

,,I believe it be,'' says Spear.

,,We should clean and dress this wounds,'' says Dante.

Minst sees through the dim of the cave and sees Jan laying upon the ground the same time the dust clears around Kirra.

,,We should clean and dress this wounds,'' says Dante.

Kirra  steps with pain and stumbles to a crawl.

Jan lays still on the ground. Darts stick form the back of her and the algea robe.

Kirra steps back, and Minst sits up and hold head to try to hold the swaying for balance up, down, side to side then feels to swirl, twirl and stop.

Kirra kneels by Jan, and Dante says, ,,My sword will illuminate that which dark if we wish to light our way.''

Kirra pulls back Jan's hood to show face, and Spear says, ,,I can see without the light.''

Kirra feels the cold freezing skin of Jan like an icesickle, and Minst says, ,,My sight sees it as a dim day.''

,,Jan,'' says Kirra. She lowers hear near Jan's mouth.

A cold breath hits Kirra's cheek. Kirra rolls Jan to back as Minst lays back on smooth rocks and cold dirt as Dante kneels on one knee and looks into the cavern. ,,I see only darkness, but we will need to see flame before time passes for my body grows cold.''

,,The poisen,'' says Kirra.

,,The cold,'' says Spear.

,,Myst,'' says William brushing Myst's hair from cheek.

Minst slides hand over stomach and feels his spell book under shirt. ,,Glasses. I have sets of Grun's Glasses.''

Myst mummbles and eyelids flicker.

,,Myst,'' says William.

,,How's she?'' says Dante. He leans in.

,,Breathing.'' He touches her cheek. ''she's cool, but not cold.''

,,What are Grun's Glasses?'' Says Dante with a groan. Pain spread through his arm and he winces when he stands.

Three arrows stick from Dant'e left should between the shoulder and bicep section of armor.

Low thumbs and thuds are heard.

,,Grun's glasses,'' says Minst. ''Are creations of the Sage Grun of the Rose Vain.'' Minst looks at William.

William feels to Minst cheek and looks toward the dirtion of Minst voice.

''They help you see through the dark with shades of heat and contrasts,'' say Myst. He open pack.

,,I lost my pack,'' says William.

,,I have an extra pair. Two. Four actually.'' Minst head sways and dips and he leans and then stand and steps to William. He sits and looks at Myst. He moves glasses to touch William's hand.

,,Did Shake put those in you pack,'' says Spear feeling the shaft on chest.

,,Shake,'' says William.

,,Where's Shake?'' says Minst. "It feels like rotations since seen.''

,,Not in this cave,'' says Spear.

,,Who be this Shake,'' says Dnate stepping through dark.

There is silence...

Then William says. ,,A friend.''

Dante steps through the dark and stops before Minst.

,,Your step seems true from one unable to see through darkness.'' says Minst as he raise glasses
to touch Dante's hand.

Dante grasp the glasses. ,,I can fight without sight for a warrors blade can cut the blind.''

Willaim and Dante put on the glasses.

Kirra picks darts from Jan's back fast and gentle making a small stack.

Minst sees the floor to the cave bend and waves over the ocean. The rocks look to float on tap. He squeezes eyes shut and the squeeze pushes squeeze force through being. ,,Not feeling...'' His words echo his mind.

,,How do you feel, Minst,'' says Dante.

Minst stares. ,,I don't know.'' His voice echoes and waves and flows and goes.

Willams sees feels burning in his arm. 

Kirra picks more darts from Jan's back...

Spear says, ,,Dante, the shafts in back need to be pushed through or snapped.''

,,Pulled through,'' says Dante. He grips left hand. ''Hand feels like needles poke it.''

,,Blood,'' says Kirra as she pulls more darts from Jan's back. ''Stop the blood from  flowing.

Dant lifts his arm feeling burn brust into a fire. He rubs hand over arm pit and feels the thick warm heat of blood. ,,We need a place to hide.''

Minst closes eyes and headpops and mind feels to float and fly. The cavern wall glow bright though his sight only sees dim outlines and moon light shades through the cave.

Kirra stands and picks up Jan. She inhales and stares and looks at the rocks.

The smooth ground and walls span back and around a bend. The sedimant of river bed below spreads the deep the gaves go. A faint sound of water with smell as fresh flow between the dust settling.

KIrra lifts Jan from ground and throws her over shoulder the shifts bow up shouler as she grabs Jan's staff. ,,There is water. Clean air.'' She walks through the tunnel.

Dante stands. His armor scraps and creeks spread sound. He says, ,,I will, but may follow with eyes shut for sight through Grun's Glasses put mind in a world to unknonw to my mind's sight.''

He looks trhough the glasses and sees the reliefs of the outlines of the rocks and the walls and the dirt covering the grounds. His hands are blue outlines with a hue of blue.

,,You get to know the feeling,'' says William. He says to Myst. ''I will lift you now.'' He lifts Minst.

Spear steps grabs Myst by waist and helps lift her arm and shoulder to lift Myst up.

Myst's head hangs and feet drag between William and Spear. She mummbles and humms.

,,Did you get the darts,'' says Kirra's distant voice.

,,Yes,'' says Willaim.

The sound of yes echoes and hits and flows through Minst's mind. He tries to stand and walk over the waving ground, but feels not ground.

,,Minst, my friend,' says Dante.

Dante sees the red tips and shafts of darts on Minst's neck. He sees the heat of blood flowing from Minsts arm. Dante rips a piece of purple sash from the trumpet and walks to Minst. He ties the cloth around Minst's bicep clenching ans he moves the arrm. ''A tourniquet for you.''

Pain bursts then flows and vibrates Minst body. The words of Dante slow then speed up like Shake talking on a Speed spell. ,,Wha?'' He stares at Spear and Willaim carrying the limp body of Myst. ''Myst.'' He stumbles.

,,Minst,'' says Willaim. ''Need you a helping shoulder.''

Dante steps behind Minst and put his good arm around him amd lifts. ,,William,  please continue as Minst and I will use each other to find a straight path to our destination.''

They walk the cave feeling pain spot to phase from numb to tinkling to throbing to pumping pain. Rocks catch weak steps and cause stumples. Kirra falls to knees as her head begins to bounce and hit as the minds of all begin to feel cold and their minds lost.

The scraps and squeaking of William's and Dante's armor preceed their path.

The tunnel stretch and spans around the corner and up a slight slope. 

The rocks become pebbles and the people become a smooth silt ground. 

The cold and dry air becomes damp and warm, but the warm is still cold for the hands of William.

William begins to shiver and with each shiver pains spreds from the spots and points along his body where dots and arrows poked. He feet stumble and hit. The force of hit waves and bounces over body. 

The waves feel to span and flow thought Myst making them one.

Myst humms and talks. Her head bounches and hangs. Her feet drag, but kick once in a while during a wave from William.

William believe his force waves from his body is healing Myst. 

Spear feels only the pain of the arrow. His only body warm around the path of blood dripping to the ground leaving a warm dotted trail of red that Dante sees. 

Dante walks holding Minst as Minst looks here and there and begins to mummble and point.

Minst feel to float through the sky. He reaches out his hand and moves hand and arm side to side like he is flying through the sky. 

Dante shakes Minst to be still when Minst dives low like falling to the ground.

The shake jolts arrow shaft in MInst shoulder and pain grounds Minst to the ground and the dark tunnel. 

Minst screams.

The scream echoes, echoes, echoes...

,,Minst,'' says Willaim.

,,My careless actions cause the scream...'' says Dante until Spear cuts him off with saying, ,,Yes.''

There is a pause in darkness the the slow walk forward. 

Dante's armor scrabes and creeks with Williams giving sound to pace.

Kirra sees a point of light as she walks with Jan around a bend. 
She stands and waits and watches. 

Spear, Minst, William, Dante and Minst step to Kirra and stand.

,,Light,'' says Kirra.

William covers his glasses. ,,Your glasses,'' say William. ''Light harms.''

Dante nods and slowly takes off his glasses.

Kirra feels the descent of the cavener of smooth stone.

The air becomes thick with smoke and thin. The walls radiate the heat to see the blues become deep purples with outlined. Moisture beads on skin.

Sweat drips.

The cold skin of Jan warms to cool.

Kirra sees the cavern floor form to fissure above and below. Below the fissure is filled with dirt and silt and rocks. 

The ground crunches and shifts and Kirra stands.

The cavern wall span closes near Kirra's shoulders. 

A cold wide cavern spans like a wide oval from a fissure fpoint of darkness

Jan moans.

Jan's moan echoes to William, Myst, Spear and Dante and Minst as the shuffle through walk side step and ducking to follow Kirra down.

Arrow base hits rock and shocks shoulder then body.

Minst dives and wobbles to the ground then slips stepping on the floor.

Rocks hits and a graon from Dante echo in call to Jan.

Spear looks back and William leans back head to see past Spear's head as he side steps.

William coughs and sneezes.

His nose tickles and eyes water.

He walks and looks at Myst.

Myst's breeze is a wheeze. Sweat drips from Myst's nose.

Sweat coats Spear's body. He feels the itch between the hide coat spread. Pain in shoulder spreads and a feeling a bouncing world steaties to a throbing head.

,,Where are we?'' says William calm and low enough for Kirra not to hear.

Kirra side steps through the narrowing tunnels. She bends knees and lowers shoulder slipping by rocks and roots.

She looks at the roots giving glow to the path. She feels fibers land on arms and hands, neck and face.

Water beads on the roots, skin rock. The smoke become stream smelling smoke leaving a thin film and warming the cave.

Down they step and step until the walls span.

Faint sqeaks and crying are heard.

And Kirra stands and stares.

The tunnels spands like a canyon then a cavern. The contours and edge hidden by the pulsing steam and smoke. Tiny shapes run between rocks and over rocks and wide roots spouting from silt and around rocks.

Kirra stands at the edge of the opening.

Wiilam, Myst, Spear and Dante and Myst walk, kneel, crouch and shuffle to a stand by Kirra.

,,Is this the cavern?'' says Kirra.

Spear looks our the floor at the small animals running over the ground. Spear sniffs. ,,Rats, moles and...''

,,Mice," says Kirra. ''More moles.'' Kirra lowers, ,,Is this the cave?''

,,I feel it be,'' says Spear.

Kirra lays Jan on the ground.

The rats and moles run from the group into holes and between rocks. Mice scamber and scurry long rocks ledge.

Minst breaks from Dante's hold and dives and slides to the ground laugh and saying, ,,More rats!''

The laugh echos and the rats, mice and moles spread and fade from between the dark, the heat and the dark sight of those with the eyes and glasses to see.

Dante find a rock, sits and pulls a waterskin from a pouch. He wipes forehad with hand then drinks. ,,The heat. The smoke.''

,,There was a fire. Dancing. Creatures and people.'' He looks over the ground. ''No rats or moles.''

,,BUT YOU!'' laughs Minst. ''How pecular to be creature of both worlds and live and breath as dual beings of praise and greatness to create this pure..." Minst lays on his back, spreads his arms and continues to talk. ''And shows us all what there will to be and see we are  all of two worlds and two beings. You are-''

,,Where's you spell book?'' says Spear.

Minst begins to press and rub chest then hips and lights and arms scarying an lingering critters.

Spear grips hammer. 

Kirra says, ,,Was there water?''

,,A fire. I only remember fire.'' Spear steps into the cavern and the smoke and steam. Hairs on arms and back raise and bumps. His feet step and find footing through the rocks. ''This way,'' says as he walks.

,,My spell book, my spell book is...'' Minst looks up at William then Dante. ''Have you seen it.''

Dante reaches down and pulls Minst's spell book from between the folds of armor. ,,It is here.'' The Grun's Glasses fall to his nose and he pushes then back up bridge.

Minst looks at it and lunges for it missing the book by an arms lenght and falling to the ground.

Kirra stretches, bends over, grabs jan and heaves her over shoulder. 

Jan's cool and warm. Her breathing is deeps and steady. Beads of sweat spot forehead.

Kirra walks behind Spear as Spear wanders over boulders and rocks.
 
Dant pulls out his sword and holds Minst's spell book with the hand of his arrow peirced shoulder. ,,My good friend if you wish for you book you will need to follow me."

William smiles and lifts Myst. ,,Myst,'' he says. She humms then falls silent.

The humm a song in her mind and body. The song plays a steady strings vibrating with a soft  and slow pace of drums. The song begins to sing as William speaks. There is a chorus when  William lifts Myst over shoulder and begins to drag her long. 

Myst's drum hangs from waist and sways with arm. The drum hits her legs and a rock creating a bass note to their approchs. 

An approach with Spear following a feeling spreading through body.

The critters scurry from path. The smoke laced steam thickens covering the sight of Minst, Spear, Kirra and Grun's glasses like thick fog. 

The pack steps down from boulders and between boulders following Spear until Spear steps into sludge, stops and kneels to the ground rubbing the surface between two fingers. He smells his fingers.

,,The fire pit,'' says Kirra.

William kneels and falls to the ground with Myst. ,,Rest. We need rest.''

Dante tosses Minst's spell book at him and turns to William. ,,I for one agree with William now that we are no longer bound by the narrow walls of that  tunnel down.'' He finds a rock and sits upon it keep posture. 

Spear stands and looks through the smoke and steam. ,,They know.''

,,Yes,'' says Kirra. ''Here. There. Good and bad.'' She steps and lets pack fall to ground. 

William nods and lets Myst slide to ground. He lays her on back. ,,We need a watch. We need to find what is causing this sleep.''

His voice is the lyrics to a growing song in Myst. The song plays on and on and on.

Myst mumbles and her eyes flicker.

,,Myst,'' says William.

Myst is the lyric in Myst's mind, but fades for a chorus of light and heat spreading through Myst.

Kirra stand over Myst and William. ,,I will see the root."

Dante stands and swatch his sword. ,,It is my desire to remain over watch as I need to have these arrow removed from shoulder.''

Spear looks through the smog and steps from the sludge pulling on legs as he steps to solid surface. ,,We leave in pairs.''

,,Agreed,'' says William still looking at Myst.

Kirra steps from the group and begins looking at the roots.  She steps back and pulls a dart from her armor and licks tip then spits and rubs the tip against leather while stepping slow and looking at the roots. She step by Minst.

Minst holds his spell book under tightly pressed and rapped arms. His body wedged between two bolders and feet kicking at ground trying to push his body into the space.

,,What are they waiting for?'' says William to Myst in a soft voice. 

Spear hears and steps with Kirra. ,,A good time to kill.''

Spear and Kirra walk in slow pace while Kirra looks at the roots growing from ground.  Spear stares through the smog and watches the rodents scurry and spread with step.

Rodents squeak and chirp and scrape claws against rocks.

A distant splash of water is heard like a rock splashing.

Kirra and Spear pause. Then step after hearing no sounds. Kirra points to the ground and slowly steps over rocks and boulder peering at the roots.

Spear steps. He listens, smells, feels and looks at all.

Mist smoke hangs in lungs and clings to skin. Sweat beads connect, slide, drips. The taste of smoke and water coat lips. Armor scraps and pops and squeaks spread like a crash mountain side through the tension felt through Spear's body seeking calm.

William stands and looks at Myst then Dante. ,,Have your lord not given you the power to heal?''

Dante looks from the arrows in shoulder of armor and flesh. His tense face relaxes and almost glows with a smile through the matted blonde hair and dirt streaks of sweat. ,,To guide the power of my lord to heal myself before others will not illuminate the lord, myself or another.'' He looks at Myst and Jan then glances at Minst, who looks at his spell book and sways. ''I can't heal the poison nor can I help those unable be aware of the blessing they are receiving. Dante pulls out a roll of cloth from wrap. He stands and walks to Myst.

Jan moans and suffles.

,,Water,'' says Dante. He pulls off water skin from side and lifts  Jan's head then pours lips into her mouth. He grunts and he lifts and pours. ''Can you dress a wound?''

,,Dress,'' says William. ''Pull arrows from shoulder. I have never.''

,,Time to learn,'' says Dante. He nods to Myst. "You will need it for your friend.''

Jan coughs and swallows.

The cough echoes.

Kirra pauses and looks toward sound's source.

,,William is with Jan,'' say Spear.

Kirra nods and steps and looks and looks and looks at roots and follows roots to a group of rodents running around rocks and sleep between the cracks.

Spear swings hammer and squishing a mouse.

Kirra kneels and pokes the root with a dart and tastes the tip then spits. She stands and exhales and tries to peer through the smog. ,,Where's Fineal?''

,,Feeding,'' says Spear. His voice hollow and flat.

A feeling of tension holds then release Spear. 

Spear grips hammer handle. He looks around and steps to peer deeper into the smog.

Kirra pulls out her knife and raises sword.

,,I feel we should return to the pack,'' says Spear.

Kirra looks at the rats. She picks up a sleeping and cats off a piece of the root then sticks the root in pocket and ties rat tail to belt.

Spear waits for her to stand then steps through the smoke and  mist. 

Kirra stares and peers then steps and follows Spear toward the pack.

The pack lays and sits in the circle of rock near the edge  of the firepit.

Jan and Myst lay and sleep and talk. Minst reads and looks at his spell book rubbing each page. Dante kneels on ground  with William above looking at the three shafts sticking from Dante's arm.

,,One approaches,'' says Dante. He stands and clenches jaw to hold back the grunt of pain shoot through shoulder.

William glances up. ,,Do you know who?''

,,Spear.'' Dante clenches jaw as William presses thumb around arrow shaft. ''Can you feel the arrow head?''

,,Two of the shafter are surface. The other one is deeper,'' says William.

,,Please pull the two with arrow heads no flushed with skin. Then break the shaft of the third. As then we will be able to move my armor and push the arrow through." Dante braces left arm against rock.

,,If Spear and Kirra approach we should wait for both have more experiance pulling arrows from bodies,'' says Willaim.

,,No,'' says Dante with a stern voice. ''If you are to be a warrior to lead then you need to know how to help you men heal.''

William nods and wipes forehead, grabs and quickly snaps the two shafts.

Dante doesn't move as both unfasten his shoulder pieces and breastplate the slips the chainmail from torso. 

Spear and Kirra step. Kirra tosses the rat on the ground. The rat looks around then stares forward. ,,I have the root. Appears to be not to kill.'' Kirra walks to Jan and pulls of her cloak leaving her nakes. She rolls jan to lay on the flat of her chest. ''We must stop other wounds.''

William shakes his hands like his shaking hands.

Kirra opens Jan's pack and shuffles through contents. She grabs a leaf wrapped rectangle and takes the bar within then begins to rub it over Jan's back.

Spear sits with back against boulder laying hammer by leg. He grabs a root from the ground and pulls it free then bites it. He reaches around and pulls the arrow free from shoulder.

Pains press out of Spear. He shakes and lets the broken shaft and arrow head to ground. ,,William. After your done please. Please wrap my wound.''

,,Spear,'' says Kirra with a strict voice. She grabs a foldeing cloth from Jan's pack and wraps it tight over shoulder.

,,It is time for me to feel the poke of the arrow,'' says Dante.

,,What do I do?" William looks to Kirra.

Kirra pulls the cloth around Spear's shoulder tight. She bites cloth with teeth and tears tights cloth, says, ,,If the head is all in flesh push through flow is free. If not pull.''

She pulls a pouch from belt and tosses it to William. ,,Smear powder over wound.''

William nods.

Minst watches and stares at his spell book. Blood from the arrow in arm drips from elblow. Small darts stick from back and neck. He begin to stare at Dante and William. The sight saves adn flows. It goes fast and slow. He swallows nothing and smacks dry lips.

The smoke mist closes around Minst pressing upon body like and fold. His body freezes and holds. He stares at William and Dante as William grips the first broken shaft.

As William grips the shaft, Kirra stands and steps to Myst. Myst humms louds and rolls on ground. Kirra holds her body still then looks at Jan as Jan reaches for her cloak and staff.

William pushes on arrow shaft and arrow tip through Dante's arm shoulder by the shoulder blade and from the armpit muscle.

Dante doesn't move. His jaw pulses as softly humms.

The arrow tip, then the wings poke through followed by the shaft and blood.

,,I have it,'' says William. He lifts to look at it.

,,William, tie off the wound,'' says Dante.

,,Then see to Myst,'' says Kirra. She steps to Jan and pushes Jan's staff to her hand. 

Jan through a haze and a glow fo body expanding and mind floating through a white clouds. Her hands clasps staff and pulls in close. ,,Cover,'' slips from lips. "Robe.''

Kirra puts her robe over her back. She stares ate Jan.

Minst's head begins to slump. Then his body falls to the ground. 

Kirra hears the fall. ,,He wound. Stop the bleeding.''

A rat runs through the small area of dirt and rock circle by the pack. The rat jumps into the black sludge of the firepit.

Minst lifts are to try and point, but the arm falls.

Spear kneels by Minst and lowers to look at Minst arm. 

Minst begins to crawl and kick and swing hands at Spear. His spell book falls to ground. His pack is kicked away. His voice scream. ,,HE'S TRYING TO KILL MY MAGIC!'' His voice echoes.

William ties of the wrap of Dante and clamors over the ground to Spear.

Spear steps back from Minst as William puts hand over Minst's mouth.

,,Minst,'' says William. His a loud quick whisper. 

Minst pushes arms out, kicks legs, mouth bites William's hand.

William cringes, ,,Minst, you will kill us if you don't call down.''

The words leave William's mouth as a strict whisper and enter Minst's mind as, ,,KILL US!''

The words push Minst to slam back of head against Williams armor cover.
 
Minst breaks free, stands kicking and slapping up dust and soot in  whirl of wheezing and scream. 

The screams echo. 

Minst turn, stumbles over Myst's legs, run into Spear's fist. Minst falls. 

Spear catches Minst and says close to his ear. ,,Forgive me my friend.'' He lays Minst to the ground, catches the wrap of cloth tossed by William.

,,Robe,'' says Jan.

Kirra grabs Jan's robe and lays it upon her.

,,Where's blue?'' says Dante.

,,This is the cave,'' says Spear. 

,,A trap,'' says Kirra.

A racoon and a mice run between the pack.

Dante nods. He stand and begins fitting chainmail over shoulder and torso then fastens armor.

Spear wraps and spreads salve over Minst's exposed wounds after pulling out the arrow.

William whispers, ,,Help me guide my hands, Reighn.''

And the arrow is pushed through Minst's arm with no resistence and no change in Myst's calm state.

Calm spreads from Myst to William with a vibration from Myst's mouth.

She hums from silence with the scamper of may mice, rat and mole feet.

A pack of rodents scamper over ground and into the fires sludge.

,,We best be on our march and find Blue to find reason,'' says Dante. He holds shoulders and wallks on knees to kneel by Minst. He lays a plam on Minst's arm and through pain of cut muscles pullin and pumping to let his finger create the diamond from forehead, to should to heart to shoulder to forehead. 

A soft tone like a moan from the throat vibrates from Dante's throat.

A faint glow spreads from Dante's hand.

William watches the glow slowly grow and span then fade. He feels the low  throat moan find the tone of Myst's humm. He looks to Spear, who stands  with back to William, and looks at Kirra, who looks a Jan.

Jan lays on ground with cloack covering all but head. Her hand grabs her stand as if hand is the lone living thing of her being. 

The Jan's robe falls and folds and spreads tight over Jan's body from head to toes. Her body lay on the rock and sediment floor covered in algea. 

Kirra crouches and leans forward at Jan. Then she follows three mice running from rock then over Jan past Minst and Dante and to the firepit. She stairs through the fog.

Spear stares with her.
 
Both peer between the puffs of mist and smoke to the ground. Body heat and body forms run over rock as seen by the visions of the night. The rodents run as seen by Kirra are shades  of red to orange contrasting against the contours of blues and purples of rocks. The rodents seen by Spear are of black and white with many shades of gray. The rodents seen by those with Grun's Glasses see relief outlines trace the boddies and the whiskers. 

The rodents run and in pairs and singles then groups.

Minst opens eyes and sees a rat run over face. He rolls and swats hands at rat and his head. His hand hit head. 

The hit's cause Minst's head feel to vibrate. Blue and yellow flashes pulse in mind. 

Minst rubs eyes and blinks to an open. He says, ,,Where am I?'' as he slides  hand between folds of armor not feeling spell book.

,,In a cave,'' says William.

,,Where's my?'' says Minst.

,,Your archane book of spells rest behind you,'' says Dante before Minst looks from William to Dante behind.

Minst looks and grabs his spell book and glasps his sling the touches hilt of dagger as he pulls his back.

A small pains pokes arms. 

Minst lefts arm and sees the blook on armor them looks at Myst and Jan. ,,How are Jan and Myst?''

Five rats run past a pack of moles. The moles slowly walking by Minst.

,,Myst is show signs of recovery,'' Says William. He looks at Minst then Kirra.

Kirra watches the moles on the ground. ,,Jan lives.'' She points bow at the moles. pulls an arrow from quiver.

Pricks of pain poke her body as she moves. ,,The rodents are hording.'' She steps and scans the minst and smoke.

Spear pulls out axes. His jaw clenches and mouth mutters, ,,Cut the Gods,'' to push away pain from mind back to body.

,,Do you see something?'' says William standing from Myst.

,,Only feel pain.'' He glences back a screaming curse to the God Thrin, God of Pain. ''Rodents.''

Kirra steps and stands over Jan and kicks at any rodents running near. ,,They enter the ash.''

,,We'd be wise to walk from our place and find a nother distant from this location,'' says Dante.

Rats, mice, moles and racoons run around Jan and by and over Myst. The sounds of squeezes begin to rise and gather. The sounds of squeeks and short screams surround. 

The mist and smoke swirls and spreads. 

Rodents cover the ground and rush from the edge of sight to the bodies.

Spear steps back. He spies from cornor if site a growing light gray miss toward the center of the pit. He feels tensions and rage span and spread through the cavern. He steps back. ,,We go back.''

,,Back,'' says William. ''But Myst is...'' His words fade as he lifts to see through Grun's Glasses.

A mount of red builds and climb beyond the minds. 

The growing chorus of scretches and squeakes and squirming things scurring across the stone and sendiment plays with a hum flowing from Myst. She humms as William lifts her from the ground. She begin s to mummble words as William steps away from the firepit.

Fineal cries and screams and harks. The hark echoes.

The squeeks and squeels of the rodents create a combinded shout that raises in waves like a rumor through  a groud.

Dante grabs Minst by the shoulder. ,,Do you need help standing, son?''

,,WHAT?'' says Minst. He stands and sways. 

Dante holds him and hollers.

Fineal harks and squawks then chirps.

The chirps is heard above the chatter and scamper of the chatter.

Rats, mice, gophers, ground hogs, squirrles scamper. Their chirps and squeaks surround.

A shout and holler of, ,,MOVE,'' bellows from Spear's mouth. 

The gray beyond the white and around the black grows in the middle of the pit. The mist and smoke begins to flow to the firepit.

Spear steps and pushes William. 

William stares and stumbles back then hears Myst's humms and follows Spear. Spear lifts Minst's arm over his shoulder. The step and stumble past Kirra.

Feet step and slip in rodents. Small piercing pain poke feet.

Kirra bends to lift Jan. Her hands press into Jan's robe Kirra's hands press and are covered. 

The robe sticks to the grounds and forms round Jan covering her body. The cloak sticks to the ground. 

Dante and Minst hobble past Kirra. Dante hollers, ,,KIRRA! Kirra?''

Rats, mice and ground hogs scury over Jan and around Kirra's hands.

Kirra tries to grasp Jan's cloak, but slips over a stiff surface.

Two rats rub against Kirra's hands and bites.

Kirra slaps them away and straps bow to back and pulls out dagger.

Fineal squawks and harks. The harks pierces sound and the rats scatter away from Kirra. 

Spear looks back as he and Myst and William step up boulders to find   a path above the rush of rodents. ,,KIRRA.''

Kirra stands by Jan.

The blow mist and smoke blows cold and blows fast past pulling at hair and cloaks.

The rats swarm squeals and whipping wind. 

William coughs and stumbles. Spear pushes Myst to William.

,,I STAND WITH KIRRA,'' says Spear. He staps and lifts hammer.

,,I GO,'' hollers William.

,,FOLLOW DANTE! THE SOUND OF BIRD,'' says Spear.  He gives into the wind and feels the wind blow upon back as he jumps from the boulders to a spot near spear.

Mice squish unders Spear's feet.

,,WE REMAIN,'' hollers Spear.

Kirra glances at Spear and nods.

Willaim sees them stand. The wind pushes his glasses down his nose and he pushes them up nose bridge.

Myst grabs Williams chest piece and dangles. 

Smoke stings the eyes. Dust stings face.

William sees Dante and Myst. Their heads hang low. 

Dante's glasses fall from face. Darkness is. He thinks, <Light Paht.>

Dante's scabbard and sword glow and brighten a sphere to William. 

William goes blind and skips and steps to a boulder. Myst presses against William. 

Myst says, ,,Sing along the song.''

,,THE SONG?'' says William. 

The whipping wind pulls and snaps Myst's robes. Smoke clears and blows toward a vortex in the center. The wind calms and fades.

A swirl of smoke of black smoke rises from teh center of a soot bit to the darkness.

The rodents scurry and spread with teh calming of the wind. They leap from rock top and squeeze between rocks. Pairs and singles scamper and scurry into the black twisting tower of smoke.

Dante restss Minst against a rock and pulls his long sword from scabbard.

The cavern illuminates.

A vaste expanse of space spans to stagmites hanging from the ceiling. A fissure spans from the tunnel of the pack's entrance to the spinning mass of black smoke to the wall beyond. The smoke expands and contracts like a lung breathing. 

A few rats run into the spinning mass then there are no more.

Spear and Kirra stand still and stare. Jan wakens in darkness feeling a flash of sight beyond. William and Myst stand and find balance. Minst fumbles fingers over the components of his belt and grasps his sling. Dante steps forward with the illumination of his sword. All stare.

Spear and Kirra stand and stare.

,,The song of Blue,'' says Myst.

William mindless nods as the black cloud twists and spins and spreads between the stalagmites and into the fissure revealing a mound of rat, mice, racoons, gophers, groundhogs and squirrels crawl, climb, claw and mount to create a mass taller than than a tree and as wide as the fire pit.

A collect laugh of squeaking, chirping and clicking fills the cavern.

