Shake thinks of notes for the song and hears the words play with the wind, his breath and his heart beat. He inhales and breathes with the wind and heath pound.

He watches Jaxel and Lim walk into the forest toward Westmore canyon as he steps and leads Kicker and Guile fast away from Westmore Canyons.

Hearts thump and beat to a steady pump as Guile lays chest on Kicker's back. His Lungs inhale and exhale slow and steady. His stare runs thought through endless trees around the brush and dead leaves and under the pine needles and snow allowing thought to grow and grow and grow with the forest. He heat beats and sweats. Sweat beads freeze and chip from skin. He feels to be all and is all.

All near become part of his thoughts giving cold to heat of heart pump.

The heart bump of Kicker set beat to Guiles flow through forest searching for thought and meaning and balance.

Kicker clomps and stomps and walks steady behind Shake feeling the same oneness with all between the ticks of time. Kicker's eyes wide and wonder and looking at each shake of pine and rustle of leaves not blown by wind. She whinny's then buster.

Shake thinks of nothing but feels wind, trees, snow, mud, brush, bugs, sunlight, shadows of the dusk. 

Kicker blusters and snorts.

The bluster bursts Shake's feeling for song and creates Kicker then Guile in mind, <Can't be good if thought to be bad.>

,,Guile,'' says Shake.

>Shake,< thinks Guile to all including Kicker.

<No words,> thinks Shake. Shake walks, listens, feels and smells along a trail with a road winding with the wall of moutain rock. <|Nothing spoke. Where are we? Why am I here. In the forest. In the forest being good because no one think me bad. I hope.>  
 
Shake walks without tought nor sound nor leaving a trail through the know and leaves. 
 
Guile feels the thump of Kicker's heard and feels the step and movement of Shake then he reads his surfce talk thoughts after Shake steps on a twig. 

<|Gods curse that step.> Shake looks at the twig. <|Jaxel,> he thinks. <|Need t think. ...Think of...Cant' be good if bayd.> He says under inhale and exhale. <|Can't be good if bad. Can't be good if bad...> Shake think over and over with each step.

Guile listens to thoughts and stares at the trees breathing and radiating energy felt by Guile and Shake.
 
Shake looks back. <|Can't be good if they bad.>

They walk with wide steps.
 
Kicker's head boops, and Guile lays on back of Kicker.  

Dawn lights shine dawn shadows. The trees create a canopy with blue and gray seems. The forest spans with no sight or sound of creatures, beings or live.

The wind blows slow and steady. It blows away thoughts.

Sweat chills and near freezes skin between sleeves.

Shake's feet crunches snow. <|Cold,> he thinks. <|Cold and lost.> He looks foward and hangs head starring at the dirt, snow, pine.

Shake blinks. <|Where have I been?>  

>Where?< sees Guile.

,,Need to think, need to focus. Need focus. The small shield. The story.'' says Shake that becomes the thought, <WestMore. I've been to Westmore. I grewup in Westmore. The small little speck of nothing is a ficked from a town. It's a smug with an intersection, farms and houses and warehouses. ...The warehouses now empty or full of rot for there is nothing to stock and maintain the warehouses. ...I use to live in one of the warehouse. Not long. Only two winters after my parents died, and I got ran out of the room at the hotel. It was an adventure trying to remain warm everynight. Wood doesn't hold the heat and lets in all the cold. The rafters the only place sleep. ...Dad had used the building, rented space, to hold good for other transport companies either going into the canyon or travelling to to Watership. ...Watership was the main transport hub for good coming and going along the coast. The goods coming from this valley and the dwarves went right through WestMore to the Wane trail along the coast and the plains or Wax to Watership. ...I lived in Watership for a couple of seasons while William was away to the acadmeny...William.> Shake blinks and sees the ground.

,,William,'' he looks behind.

More sun shines, but remains more dark than light. More snow covers ground, but spreads in thin crusts than waves and drifts. More trees span and spread around, but thin to a road several leaps from shake.

No sounds of critters or creatures lead from their path. No sounds or smell create a path from their trail Wax.

He looks to ground and walks with feet creating noise and path. <|William,> he thinks. He hears the wind begin to talk and whisper, ,,Shake...''

<|Westmore was created by William's family. William. You don't know William. Do you? No...No, but I am a bard. I can tell the story without questioning the reader or listener. I can. ...William.> 

Shake looks through the seams of the forest's canopy and sees the moutain. <|Westmore land was created by William's family hence the name. The family and its gained a sizeable force and following in Watership when Watership was growing with the migration oof settlers Wax. ...William's family, wanting to expand. They began creating their on Milita to guard the wild frontier of orcs, ogres, trolls and goblins. They protectagainst the bandits and found the hiding place to burn them to the ground. All paid for by shipping good from the sea to the port to the coast and through the canyon.>

Shake looks behind and through the forest. 

<|The growth...The growth of militia and the shipping company founded the town Westmore.>

<My great great grand father worked for William's family.>

Sounding like a breaking twig, a branch breaks and falls somewhere in the forest.

Shake, Guile, Kicker stop and look behind then to the sides.

,,Their raping our minds and fears,'' says Guile soft as the wind carried to Kicker and Shake.

Shake stands and feels between time and peers before it happens through the forest. ,,Lost in a forest there is no one to think me bad.''

Shake listens and smells and peers between the flicker of the leaves.

Guile snorts and exhales a puff of white.

Shake thinks, <|Lost in forest there is not one to think you bad. Lost in forest not one to think bad. Lost in forest not one to think you bad.>

Shake steps and Kicker with Guile follows through the forest stepping light and quiet.

Shake thinks, <|Lost and there is no one to find you bad. Lost and there is no one to find bad.> Shake smiles and nods and walks. Shake says, ,,How are you feeling, Guile?''

Guile lays on the back of Kicker and stares at time. He thinks of the tick.

Shake inhales and exhales. ''I think of a story, so I don't stare to no where.'' He inhales and exhales. His heart beat. ''It helps calm.'' Shake steps light and quiet watching feet place toes between pines and snow. ''Read my mind if it helps keep in focused.'' He looks back, thinks, <|Timed.>

Kicker blusters.

,,Yes, Kicker,'' says Shake slowing step to rub Kicker's nose. ''I suppose if I whisper it close you'll hear.'' He looks behind. Then says near a whisper. ''The small shield. The small shield.'' Shake looks back and around. He inhales and exhales. ''The small shield.''

''My family has watched the horse. My family worked their way up from cleaning stalls to commanding a legion of workers to track, train, maintain and love all the horse and the few oxen for pulling the heavy loads. The legion of works would transfer or cycle to let rest animals at stables. Time passed and the Westmore empire feel with the dwarven war and the war here in this valley. Smaller and smaller it became until there we only a small town's worth of people working for the Westmores. Everything was being sold off. After the death of William's father, we went on trips to sale animals or close up a shipping warehouse.''

Shake glances at Kicker. ,,It was during this times that I first met William. He was riding on the back of a horse with his mom.'' Shake points to self. ''I was riding my own horse. We were about the same age. Older than toddling, but before I found sex. My father, mom and me were three of the last families still working for William's family. William's father had been killed by a dragon or battle. His father went through the canyon building road to try one last atempt to open trade routes once used by the family for generations before his time.''

''Willliam's father bought and paid for one last hope to hope trade through the canyon. A route with hope to bring goods to sell and ship along the coast and from Watership.''

''The first time William and I spoke was William asking if he could ride my pony.''

Kick nods.

''Yes,'' says Shake with a happy tone. ''I taught William how to ride.'' He looks at Buckey. ''His mother showed him how to ride.''

''His mother was one I hated at first. I believed her to be a witch or even a warlock at time for no woman I knew had such strenght and fire. I found my hate for her was for the love she shown me and my family. I didn't know they had little money, and after William's father's death, there was not trust in the workers and warriors partnering with the father and not the mother, William's mother, who was as strong willed as any man and a better rider."

''A better rider that scolled William and I after the transport of horses and ox for sale were sold. William rode wild through the forst thinking to fight a bore. Didn't know how to slow down. Didn't want to, I think. Until he fell.''

''But William never fell again. We rode the coast and to Watership. We rode through the fields of Westmore. We become friends. Even being the son of stable worker, he carried not. It's his mother and father to respect him.''

''His father I never knew for he was building a grand trail with cousins and uncles and aunts that still lived in the valley. Makes me wonder if his family is sitt here. Hasn't even been a generation.''

''It was rumored that they were all killed. Aunts, uncles, brothers, sisters, kids, children, babies. Babies.''

They walk.

''This was all before I could walk like a horse on all fours. William was younger. His mom never talked of it.''

''It took little time for the path way through the canyon to became thickened with thieves and devestated by the swamp. A swamp helped along by the dwaves in the mountain, a black dragon and the goblins.''

''William's family paidout all the workers a share of the money left and the land. My father got a warehouse and the stable land. The stables were later sold by my father after my mom died to by part of a bar. Lost the money. Then sold the land of the warehouse and lost that money gabling.''

''Through the rotations, the town began to become an undead city. Like a walking zombie that needs the brains of a few travels to remain to then feed off them to live.''

''I lived in the warehouse while William was away. I seen the town become a pit of thieves and bandits leaving the canyonor travelling for Watership. Now that I think of the time, and now that I know of branching. I suspect the network may have been spreading.''

''After the father died only theives and murders entered the valley to hide and become lost.''

''The valley from across the mountain become a land like the lands across the water. Too far.''

''Then like the nomads and traders before them, the theives left.''

''I remaind and travel the nearby hamlets and few towns searching for a bath. I wanted to sing. I wanted to become like those who played cards and caste illusion. There is nothing like being in a public house or a gambling hosue or a brothel that feels as good or as comforting.''

''It was while trying to learn cards, to sing, to tale tales and finger at cantrips I came upon stories about William's family, the Westmores. I began to hear about the Small Shield through song and storis and tall tells.''

''The Small Shield was a legend I had heard from my dad and his dad. William had told to me stories his dads and grandfathe told him. There are stories about the Small Shield uniting hordes and bringing down armies. There are stories about the small shield being a gift   from the dwarves to Willima's family. There are stories of the small shield spreading vaste armies across planes with its power.''

''These stories I heard from my father and from William, I heard in the bars, pubs, brothels from Westmore to Watership. I never heard them outside our families. I thought they were  unknown tales, but to may amazement they were known. And not knowing, the all came from Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

''I've you've never heard of Carlos the Barded Dwarf, worry not, for I did not until William returned from his Mission.'' Shake winks at Kicker then he glances back and around the forest.

''It was a few  and falls of the sun after William returned from his mission we rode to Brendin. It was like it was waiting for us. As soon as we arrived all the traders, trapers, travelers calmed and watched Carlos the Barded dwarf perform song of the Valley thought Westmore. The night Carlos played the town nearly doubled in size and Carlos had to give encores on the street. We missed the illusion show the next night for we were busy writing down the lyrics of Carlos's Small Shield Westmore. And another called Then the money ranout and we left to plan to find the small shield.''

''We returned to Westmore and with Spear and Myst we began to plan and supply to travel through the canyon. There was no reason other than to get to the other side, and to see truth if the Westmore. See his legacy.''

''Spear was a friend William met on a mission. The mission was to protect clerics travelling and spread the word of reighn. William tried to convert Spear to Reighn. They ended up drunk and wrestling that night. William and Spear spent season of the mission venturing the lands or training. The both have a passion for the sword,'' winks Shake. <|Move body,> express.

Shake's voice raises from a soft to gentle talk. ''William guarded Myst when he went out to speak with the women. What Myst probably didn't realize, is the women could have probably defeated William in battle with hands tied behind back. William was shown more sword skills, while Myst watched the dual, prayed and sung.''

''They both sing. William and Myst. They sung songs written by Carlos. She came to see Carlos then remained for the journey through the canyon.''

Shake raises voice to a talk. ''We decided it would be best of William went alone to meet Carlos after he played his last night in Hiltoc. William and Carlos met. They played darts. William made a bet he couldn't pay, and convinced Carlos to return for the money at his house in Westmore where Myst, Spear and Shake.'' Shake  bows. He steps with a crunch, looks at Kicker and the back of Guiles head.

Guile listens to words and  reads Shake's surface tongue thoughts as Shake looks through the forest toward Westmore canyon while lowering voice to a gentle talk. 

''Along the way William and  Carlos found bandits attacking Myst helping first save Minst from the bandits then save Minst after a treasure trap poisened Minst.''

Shake  looks from Kicker to the back of Guile's head then glances forward while saying. ''William rode Minst to the house on his family's last land. Myst saved Minst while Carlos nearly burnt down the pub and the trees of the house. Carlos was trying to defined a half-elf and an elf from the town.'' His voice becomes slow. ''B... E... C... A... S... E... W... E... W... E... S... T... M... O... R... E... H... U... M... A... N... S... S... L... O... W. We hate non-humans. And nobody knew of Carlos the Barded Dwarf seeing him as just another non-human along with the half-non-human and the other non-human. All fighting the humans.'' Shake points to self. ''I was there. I seen Carlos run through the bar and climb out window to roof to trees like a spider. His illusions scattered the crowd for the other non-humans to leave the town intersection while the town set fire to trees to chase Carlos.''

Shake walks backward looking at Kicker and Guile. He raise to a talk. ''We were inside house when we heard the crowd and seen the flame. We leftand walk the field.'' He spreads a palm. He wiggles pinky. ''We were here walking to here.'' He moves his thumb. ''We firest find Kirra and Jan, the non-humans.'' He shakes his ring finger ''Running to help Carlos.'' He shakes his thumb. ''Carlos was coming toward the fence of William's land. A mob was running at Carlos.'' He shakes his index finger then brings his finger tips to a point above the palm we all met. 

He makes a fist. ''But we lead the mob away without might, and with a diamond ring that we thought real, but  we realized and were told it was a Carlos illusion.'' Shake shakes the fist then toses open palm to throw the fist to space. ''it threw them off and away. Then the next day we off for Westmore canyon with hangovers and near death hanging over us.''

''We drank that night and talked with Kirra, Minst and Janm and Carlos. We didn't talk much about Carlos, but I know William wanted to ask him about music. As did Myst, but we had agreed that we didn't want to be fanatical with Carlos and frighten him away or have him not take our quest seriously. Once we told him about the small shield and going through the valley. We also reasoned to wait once we crossed the canyon to the Valley to begin to ask him about his songs, which we should not have done.''

Shake looks to the ground and walks silent for steps. ''I must have been meeting Kirra, Jan and Minst. And it was probably for them wanting to join our journey.  Minst was happy for wanted to learn defensive spells. He wanted friends and adventure. Kirra and Jan were both going to the canyon becuase of some feeling or calling Jan had about the canyon's destruction.'' Shake looks back at Kicker. ''Little did we know the feel she had of destruction was beyond our imaginations.'' Shake looks behind and sees nothing to find then looks foward. 

''We left with Carlos, Kirra, Minst and Jan to the Westmore Cayons. A day time travel from William's home only to remain the night before walking the trail William's father had commanded to build from his father.''

''That night we were attacked by illusionary undead.'' 

Kicker blusters.

Shake looks back at Kicker and then to Guile. ''Yes, illusionary undead, that didn't harm Carlos, which should have been our first clue to Carlos being a traitor to his friends, but it was the first night and the beginning of what became more than we ever hoped to encounter.''

''There were goblins everywhere. Didn't take us half a day's travel until an illusion caused us to lose Buckey and fall down a slide into  a river. Then be chased by goblins. Lots of goblins. Groups and lines of goblins and hobgoblins.''

''Yes, hobgoblins. Tall things that tower the gray and gree skin and sharp faces and long gangly arms and legs. The musles look like that gray green skin is tretched over.'' Shake walks like sitting on a horse and has shoulders slumped to hang arms down. He swippes arms and punches to a postured walk nearly siling over the thin sheet of ice snow over ground. ''Mean fighters,'' hes says with punch.

''We fought them on the bank of the river then left through the forest to find Buckey only to find Branching. And lose Carlos, because I seen the truth then.''

Shake looks at Kicker then stares. His foot crunches snow. ,,Carlos the Barded Dwarf knew more than he let on. I didn't see all the lies, but I felt them. I told him. He left. Then we went looking for Buckey.''

He looks fowared. ''We found Branching. Branching I had heard in the bars, but really from people who new a member of the Branching Guild. It was always said that if you knew someone was telling you about Branching then they weren't Branching.''

''I'm not Branching. No guilds for me. No matter how amazing Branching is.''

''And branching is amazing. Short, long, huge rooms, boxes create halls and rooms of a building through the ground, the trees and caves of the canyon and probably this valley.'' Shake looks at Kicker. And points to the moutnains. ''There are rooms of branching in that mountain. Branching is amazing, but Branching at first, didn't like us.''

''We followed Buckey's sounds while chased by goblins.'' He shrugs and atlers voice to a new wordless mumble. ''For some reason the stupid Goblins couldn't find Branching, but we could.'' His voice become talk that warms the cold.''We did find branching and entered then were beat, tied and hung for dead until Carlos had bought us out. He gave theme the real diamond he had caste as an illusion in the town.''

''We were freed then lost and found as Spear jumped through dimensions. Spear and magic don't work.''

''What didn't work was Branching and us. Carlos was the only one to get something. A deal. A deal to help ride the valley and the canyon of goblins if possible. A deal we thought silly for little did we know that deeper in the canyon there was a building town of goblins and hobgoblins.''

''Once we left branching, I left the group. I was a bit crazed with the Speed and had a wine caraf.''

Shake pause stalk and repeats. ''The caraf. I will miss it.'' Shakes heat thumps and beat and beath is quick. Shake inhales then exhales.

''The caraf  was a gift from branching I took. It was endless wind that healed and helped me while I hid in a giant's badger's cave then was caught by goblins for sacrifice. It was after leaving branching that the tale of what was is a tale not know.''

''William tells of a the goblin horde chasing them through the river as the find a black dragons' lair. In the black dragon's lair they hid. They hid and waiting and searched for a way out, but the goblin horde masses and the leader and elite hoblgobolins attacked the group. While they have been thought to killed the elites, they couldn't kill the horde of rushing goblins scared by the black dragon into the cave only to find the black dragon on cave. The gobline horde and the black dragon fought while William and the others fought in a cove for cover. And while Carlos stole the a guantlet from the leader of the goblins, who was wearing William's family armor.'' Shake slows step. ''Did I remember to tell about William's family armor?''

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

,,I did,'' Shake steps wide and fast. ''I'll remember to think that. Williams family armor. No, The Westmore Family Armor.''

''The Westmore Family Armor was a gift from the dwarves during the time of peace. It was crafted by renounce smith. Smith... Smith?'' Shake slows stride to step. ''Name?''

,,<Name of person creating william's armor.>'' says Guile. ''Father told me.''

,,Yes,'' says Shake. ''Armor that holds power that is unknown.'' 

,,Father read of the power and history,'' says Guile.

,,Are you telling this story,'' say Shake. 

,,No,'' smiles Guile.

Shake feels joy and warm pleasure from Guile. His strde widens.

,,William found the Westmore Armor crafted by <Name of person creating william's armor.>... It was legend to be given to his father's father's fahter's father until a time that is more lore than history. The armor was lost after the last slide and found by the goblins. And it was found by William again after killing the goblin leader. But the armor and  its mystries have yet to be revealed. And it's power not know at the time William. A power still unknown. A power that may not be as powerful as the Gauntlet that the goblins leader wore the Carlos used to steal dragon eggss, the guantlet feel from the sky after the black dragon broke the cave and flwer away with Carlos, the guantlet that Myst told William was a omen from her got to wear.'' Shake pulls fist over hand then forearm. He makes a fist and punches the sky above.

Shake falls in step ''William did wear the guantlet, and we did belive the guantlet was the throne to lead the goblins as they ran from the dragon's lair. The goblins gathered and spread then they walked as the sun rose and feel toward the Wax side of the moutain.''

Shake crouches and bends knees and opens mouth like he has fanges. ''Then the goblins came as they walk deep into the swamp sloshing to dry land. The goblins horde around and follow William. Then the revolt began and sadness spread.'' Shake spreads his hand and steps and walks with a normal slouched posture then brings hands together. The goblins gathered, and the hobgoblins struck. They killed Bucky with Spear. It was then William found the rage of the guantlet.'' He raisese fist in hair and slams fist on palm. "William found the rage then the power of guantlet killing hobgoblins.''

''Then the goblins began to kill hobgoblins and lead us to their city on the Wax side at the edge of the Westmore canyon to the goblins town. And through the goblin town they were lead through the leantoos and tens of goblins to the wooden houses and shopes of the hobgolins.''

Shake points to self. ''I was there. I seen it after being captured and brought to eat and die in the court yard of the tower as tall as two trees and made from the trucnks of trees. There I nearly died I did until William arrived. And with the arrival Choas, fire, killing and the discovery of the leader of the hobgoblins and goblins are following an illusion. And illusion manifested to caste William's great great great great grandmother as the leader. And illusion I believed to be caste by Carlos through a plate about the size of the small shield. Carlos...'' Shake slows step. Shake pounds fist, ,,Carlos. I knew, and we later found was reason one why I speak to you now is because Carlos is using use to get the small shield.'' Shake stops. That's it.'' He pounds hand into fist over and over with grin growing with each 
pound.

With each pound of fist on palm, Guile feels a rightous glow eminate from Shake's mind. Guile smiles.

The feeling of joy blooms in mind and creates a blossom of emotion shaking tear and watering eye.

Shake sniffs. His nose runny from the cold and from joy. ,,Carlos wants the small shield.'' Shake stands.

Kicker stops and nods. Her head levels with Shake's. They stare. Kicker blinks.

,,It's true, isn't it, Kicker.'' Shake turns and walks with back to Westmore Canyon leading the way through the forest to Lyno. ''Carlos set all this up to get the small shield. And the guantlet. The guantlet was made by Carlos. This is all because of Carlos. Everyone is his illusion...''

All joy and smile radiating from Shake fades to the freeze of the forest. The snot freezes. The tears flake and fall.

Shake and Kicker walk.

<Carlos, Carlos. It's...> Shaes' mind fades and his stare looks through time.

Guile glares through the time of forest. He thinks to Shake, >Lost in forest not one to know your good.<

Shake walks and repeats in mind the lyrics, <Lost in a forest not one to think you good. Don't know you're good when everythinks you bad. Lost in the forest not one to think. Not one to think...> thinks Shake over and over reading the lyrics and writing them in mind over and over with the steps over pine needles and snow through the cold and frozen breezed bitting on ends of earys and fingers.

They walk through the forest as the sun rises then sets wanting not water or food, but only the thoughts of lyrics lost during the speed stare of Guild and Shake.

Their mind nearly feel to become one with Shake's thoughts.

They hear branch brakes, twig snaps, wagon rolls, horse whinnies and the gruff snort and moan of an oxen.

Their stares and thoughts and drive to walk until Lyno give only a  glance or a long stare to the sounds as they was and think on to the dim dust, the cold, the calm in the frozen world feeling as stuck as the thought in Shake's mind and Kicker's and Guile's feelings.

Guile stares away the haste and the speed of mind and closes the thoughts with Shake as Shake becomes stuck like a record thinking over words and lyrics. After the dusk he rises and steps down from Kicker and falls into snow.

Kicker and Shake pause and look at Guile. Guiles stands and brush snow from hands and shivers until he pulls the wool sheet around shoulders. He looks from Shake to Kicker and nods.

They step on through the night. Neigther eating, drinking or slowing their hasten hearts pace into the darkness.

Guile steps with Shake helping guide through the night their trail near the road winding and stetching a long the moutain side.

Shake mumbles and puts hand in pocket. He rubs the charcoal crushing it in pocket. He pulls hand and black dust from pocket.

An image of a flame draws in Shake's but fades as he focues upon the walk forward.

Shake close eyelids over eyes and feet shuffles over ground.

A flame appers in the darkens.

Shake snaps fingers, says, ,,Grilan.''

A heat spans hand.

Shake opens eyes to see no flame, but feel the pain of burning. He puts his hand in snow and mummbles talk and jumbles thoughts to senselessness.

Steps and strides through silence remain quiet below the wind that blows and swirlds. Hands and ears are covered and bodies shiver as hunger and thirst begin to spread through bodies.

Guile and Shake check their waters only to find frozen chunks of ice in the bottle.

A deep thirst spreads throug the group as teh sped life slows to a natural step.

Cold, hunger and first feel to slow the walk from Shake, Guile and Kicker.

Kicker blusters and kicks and shakes head some time near night then stands.

Shake shivers. He looks at Kicker then Guile. His bottom jaw shutters as he speaks. ,,Sleep or walk. I don't care. I don't. I just, just, just want to stay warm somehow. How close are we, Guile? ...To Lyno.'' 

,,Lyno near a canyon. A canyon about a day times travel were we left mountain.'' He looks through the forest. ''Near.'' He puts hand in pits. ''Near.''

Shake nods and looks at Kicker. ,,We're almost there, Kicker? No water here. Warmth.'' Shake pulls boots strapped over shoulder like saddle bags. Cold and trinkets, food.'' He steps near head and bets main. '' Nuts and grains. We will eat and sleep in warmth, Kicker. A bit more. Then we rest.''

Kicker steps forward. Shake follows lead then Guile lowers head, pulls wool sheet over body and walks.

Silent cold shivering bodies walk through the night. Clouds begin to block moon light. 

Wind blows...

They walk and trip and until they smell campfire smokes and hear distant laughter and talk.

The talk and smell of smoke fills minds with warmths and heats the words from Shake. ,,The road. Walk the road into town.

Guile guides them to the road and they walk the road.

Shake begins to mutter and think of the lyrics. ,,Can't be good if thought bad. Even in a forest with thoughts of bad. Can't be good if thought bad. Bad...Bad...>

They step to road and walk along a wagon rutten road as wide as two carrages. Firelights and torch light spot the distant road that seem to never move from the horizons night until small tenst and leantos spread in packs and couples along the roadside.

The torches flicker and wave. The fires glow cooling goals and columns of smoke. 

Guile walks from the road to a campfire. 

Kicker stands, and Shake wide steps and whispers, ,,Guile.''

Guile stops. 

''Guile,'' steps Shake from the road. ''No fire until we can talk. Come out here, see us here. Those in the tents, leantos may kill.''

Giule stares at Shake. He steps to the road and walks.

Kicker follows. 

Farm fields span as the forest ends. Camps and brun fires burn smoke the trail. A few house lights illuminate the night. Cow moos feel to haunt. 

The walk the road until they come upon a camp in a cove of trees between farm fiels with three people yawning around a small campfire.

Shake looks down teh road and sees a few houses and buildings along the road. A few windows illuminate from the buildings.

Clouds covere above. 

Guile stops and stares, and Kicker blusters and stops.

Shake stops and exhales and wipes nose, sniffs. Shake thinks from the continual thought to the pause with the thought, <|Found in a town not one to know your good.>

Three hide tents hang from branches and two leantos lay resested in the trees while three men stand around a dim fire.

,,And then we come to a town where no one knows me, so they can't think be bad,'' says Shake seeing people.

,,What are you're names and what's your business.?'' says the shade.

Guile opens mouth after Shake points to self. ,,Speed.'' Then Shake points to Guile. ''Haste.''



