Kirra and Jan held hands until a trio of rust robed dwarves, two in hybrid rat form, walk to both in the center of the Rose Statium. Their hands parted and a silent feeling spread from one and to Jan, who released her clasp on Kirra's hand and walked away saying nothing, but casting a feeling of warmth and sunshine with Kirra. Kirra watched Jan leave and the two other dwarves approach and stand. One speaking rough and slow surface tongue telling her to follow.

Kirra followed. She followed the two dwarves from the rose stadium, along the bridges and to the far edge of the city plan against the mural wall that spans the entire wall. She followed the two dwarves along a switch back walk way carved into the relief of the wall is self to the roof of the city. Then from the wall the trio walked along narrow steel walkways hanging over the city and leading past small and large cube rooms, crosswalkways, open platforms and then to cages hanging in rows and columns. The lead her to a cage, opened the door and pointed inside.

They stood and Kirra stared letting her mind flow with the cold breeze carry her mind away as she pondered further close in a cage. She asked, ,,How long?"  

One wererat held up two hands showing seven fingers and saying in surface commons. ,,Rotations."

Without question Kirra sat in the cage, the door was shut and locked, and the two wererats stood outside without talk.

Seven rotations passed. Food was brought three times a day. Three times a day Kirra was offered time to walk from the cage. Each day refused only sitting or laying on the cage floor starring through the bars.

Her pack and cloths and weapons remained with her during her time in the cages, so when she was not meditating she created arrows, sharpened weapons and stitched torn cloths. She found calm and openness on the focus of creation of arrows and patches. During the next days, with meditation, she felt the constriction of the closed quarters to expand and fade until the final day when the closure of the cave and the cage faded.

After seven rotations, the two dwarves opening the cage, one said, ,,Come," and lead her over the hanging walkways and to the relief switch backs. Midway down she followed them into the depths of the wall through a carved square all going deep and down. The air grew thin and the passad more rough the deeper the trio walked and Kirra followed.

It was near the end of the walk when Kirra finally asked in as few words as she liked to speak. ,,What is my punishment?"

,,Time," says one pulling back a hood to reveal a dwarf in hybrid were form. His thin head almostly oddly attached to a skinny body. The tunic both were thick hide leather with their leather pants covered with small pockets. Their cloaks pulled tights. Neither wore packs. Their only weapons a knife and short bow. Their feet bare stepping over the ground as if they were covered with shoes. Their fir matted and covered light with dirt and pressed. 

After the one word response both dwarves continued to walk down a cavern. The cavern went from smooth to rough to a collection of rough surfaces covered with pebbles and slime. A few creaters scurried from hole to hole and from under bolders, but little was seen beyond the cold rock and slime, moss and a few underdark plants. The two dwaves walked with silence over the pebble and stone casting not echo as they walked as kirra did. As well as she was able to walk with silence and leaving little proof of path through the forst, in the underdark she felt like a herd crashing through the tunnel.

The walked for what felt like days until they reached a cavern near the size of the dragon's lair Kirra remembered long ago. It had a pool over water filled with water falling from the center of the  distant celing. There were four tunnels spanning to the dark. In a deep corner covered with moss covered rock was hidden a small camp revealed to Kirra only after she was lead their by the two dwarves.

The camp was part hidden behind rock and moss and part exposed above. Behind the rocks and between boulders were found metal boxes of leather, steel slivers, a pick, block and tackle, tough hemp rope, climb spikes, climb clips, a metal box of hemp bandages, slints, ointments, creams in metal tubes all hidden hear and there in a small enclosed area. The camp was more storage for Kirra quickly learned that the two dwarves slept anywhere on the ground but preferred to sleep on moss covered rock.

The rotations were silent of talk and filled  Kirra and the dwarves talked with hand gestures and body language. They sat silent as they ate roots and vermin. They sat in silence. The slept in silence. They walked silent while hiking, climbing and scouting.

The rotations were filled with with hiking, climbing and scouting. The three other tunnels lead to deep branch deep into the moutnain. Two lead to hundreds if not thousand of small caves and tunnels dug and burrowed both by dwarves and other creatures, but also by the planet and by nature itself. It was these two tunnels that lead the three on long journeys following new sound and faint signs of creatures having walked the paths and were creeping closed to the home Kirra came to know for the remaining rotations. They followed trails of creaters with more limbs that kirra could count only to mark their trail, and write down iin a log hidden in their camp if its appearance. There were large snail like creatures, growths of molds that were logged and written about, but never attacked or removed. 

Kirra came to relized the two dwarves were the scouts, the rangers, of the vein who merely noted the change of the underdark and reported that change to the vein. Their purpose was to report, observe and find and not to interfer. This mission was all the more important when it came to the third tunnel.

The third tunnel was a smooth tunnel with steps carved from the stone leading to two large stone doors with the relief of a rat carved over both halves. The stone doors part coverd in dirt hiding runes written long the outside. Dirt and pebbles lay gathered along the base of the door. The dust covering the floor untouched and settled thick.

The stone doors was one of the remaining pathways into the main dwarven vein. It was a path that was blocked hundreds of season cycles past after the first infestation of were spread through the section of the main vein controlling the farside. It was a door that hadn't been opened since it was closed. The runes a warning and spell to keep the infection away. 

It was the door, and Kirra's visit to the door that show Kirra and force Kirra to improve communication with the two dwarves, as she found, name Jioa and Oiyu, which was a communication that Kirra understood after using hand gestures and some common objects to define the doors, the picture and the reason for the tunnel. The communication and Kirra's knowledge of dwarvish improved rotation by rotation. However it wasn't the talking that she learned quick and fast. It was the subtle use of hand gesters and soft echoes of rocks to have conversations in the dark without saying a word.

Kirra learned more than communicating. She learned how without a deep echo through a silent rock littered cavern. She improved her agility to run through tight places and from small platfroms over a span of a wide space. Her climbing rock went from loud and clumpsy to quiet and steady without rope or help. She learned what plants in the underdark were edible, which were poison, which could heal, which were favorites of animals roaming wide and far through the darkness. One of the most important education experiences for Kirra was her changing mindset of her hate of caverns and tunnels and tight closed places under tons of rock and dirt.

Kirra learning small details to help teach her how to best tell the integrity of a rock wall or rock ceiling. How to let the surround rubble show and tell if there was a recent rock fall because of loose. She learnded types of rocks and shown which were tough and weak. She learned to watch lines in the rock to see the shifting and shaking and pushing of the mountain apart and together.

The time with the Jioa and Oiyu was long and slow at first, but as she began to focus and adjust to the time of the punishment she felt sorrow during the last day with Jioa and Oiyu. She hugged them after the walk through the caversn that as shorter than she had first remembered.

The didn't leader to the city, however. They lead Kirra to carved tunnels and along ledges of cisterns and through tunnels with tubes and pressure wheels until they reached the huge doors similar to the door Kirra entered and exited the many rotations during the past.

They stepped on to the lift after the large doors opened. A patrol of dwarves exited, and Kirra, Jioa and Oiyu stepped on the lift. Then the lift descended and they stood silent watchig the laughing and taking and sleeping dwarves walk and talk and lay on the wide and long lift base.
 
The elevator decended and Kirra watch and starred. She assumed she was being returned to the main veing. She didn't think to ask for she was caught in silence that had been with her since her time in the cages. She had nothing to say or show Jioa and Oiyu because all were comfort in their own silence.

Kirra could read Jioa and Oiyu and their body language tolder that both felt less comfortable around the people, the lift and the civilization.

The lift finally stopped. The doors slowly opened. More patrols walked on to the lift with armor and weapons sending echoes against the walls. The smells and the slight shoves pushed Kirra to wish as well she was away from the people.

She did get a certain thrill and have a small joy after hearing Spear hollar. ,,KIRRA!"

Kirra she hears. 

Spear steps through a close pack of dwarves and steps to her. His smils is wdie and eyes focused upon her. "It has been a time."

William and Minst walking side by side step and slide their way to Spear and Kirra after Spear looks back. "William and Minst are near."

Kirra nods and looks past William seeing both William and Spear stepping past people. 

William nods and smiles at a few armored dwarves. One even slaps William on the shoulder and laughs with William. And another embraces William and slaps him on the window.

The doors begin to close 

Spear is surrounded by a group of warriors. Many nod and talk and a few shout out Spears name.

,,Kirra," says Minst. "Where have you been?"

Kirra tries to find the words, but is unable to speak. She looks behind for Jiao and Oiyu and finds they are not standing behind her. 

A armored warrior slaps William on the shoulder and says a few dwarvish words.

As the doors shut with a loud bang, Kirra sees Jiao and Oiyu stepping across the court yard.

Minst looks at Kirra. ,,Are you feeling healthy? Do you needs some assistance?"

Kirra looks to Minst, smiles. ,,No. I am fine."

William punches a dwarf on the shoulder. Both holler, ,,GRRRRRRRRRALK!" and then step aways. William looks at Kirra. ,,It has been a span of time since we last seen or hear the other live!" 

Kirra nods.

The floor jolts then slolwy lowers.

,,KIRRA," hollers Spear as he steps near. "I hope you time was good."

Kirra stares at Spear and nods. 

Spear looks at William. ,,Grun insists I lead with him, so you will be along on this journey."

,,I suppose Minst will need to fill your positions as we patrol," says William.

Spear laughs. 

,,Do yoy know out destination?" says Minst.

,,No," says Spear. "Grun said he will tell when we leave the lift."

Someone shouts Spear's name.

He looks behind and walks into the patrol of dwarves near Grun. He begin to talk with the few words of Dwarvish he can remember mixed with the suface langauge and hand gestures to point point at each dwarf and set up their patrol formation and order.

The lifts lower. The packs and patrols of dwarves spread and mingle. 

,,Where have you been?" says Minst. 

Kirra looks at Minst. ,,In caves. Darkness," she says while making hand gestures that were signs for caves and dark.

Minst nods. He lifts up his sling. ,,I learned how to use a sling," then pulls on the straps of pack. "I also have a pack now for I found the sack to be clumsy and difficult to use with a weapon. The fighting is easier with the pack, but it is a bit difficult to handle and adapt, but that only takes time." Minst nods and pulls on his belt and looks at his belt then to Kirra. "I even made me a battle belt  for my components. It works well too. I used it battle in caves, large and small rooms. Between skinne walls and on ledges. I also seen an vast amount of spell components that I have never seen and may never seen again. It was awe inspiring. It took me a rotation to find a few components I was allowed to take as I departed. It wasn't all fun. I did have to clean and cook and serve the masters of the schol, but what I learned was not punishment. It was a pleasure."

The lift stops and the door beings to open as Minst continues...

"I believe William and Spear have been patrolling with the Rose Pack Warriors. They appear to have become very close to all of them during their time away." He looks behind and watches two huge doors open and at Spear and William.

As Minst continues to talk, William and Spear talk with the dwarves and begin to form patrol formation, and MInst continues... "They do appear to be one of the pack. I do enjoy seeing how out time away has brounght a futher understanding." Minst looks at Kirra. "Did you learn anything?"

Kirra stares at Minst and nods then feels a wave of warmth over his body, and looks past Minst and sees and feels Jan.



