Pain pumps Shake's head. A burn flows over his skin.

His hands shake then are still. 

Sweat slides down face. 

Shake opens his eyes.

Darkness is everwhere. Sounds of snoring seeps from the left. Slow sleep breath fills the spaces between the snores.

The faint smell of feces and piss flows in an undertow below the smell of misdue and dust.

Cold spreads from stone to head and hands. 

Shake rubs head with hand feeling a strap of cloth around head stained with sticky thick fluid.

A sharp pain pokes his forehead as shake's hand presses band.

Shakes hand trembles. 

Pain needles poke head.

The burn on the flesh deeps through the muscle and spreads a hole feel.

Shake fumbles hand and grabs a wine carafe tied to belt. He pulls the tie and lifts chest to sit to put the carafe to lips.

Wine flows from the carafe and into his mouth. He swallows and gulps as wine spill from the corners of his mouth.

A warm flow follows the warm wine down the throat to the stomach. The wamrth spreads to fill the hollow and cool the burn. The warmth eases the pokes of pain and holds the head's pain pump.

Shake drinks then lowers the carafe from mouth with a smile. He ties the tip of the carafe to the rope hanging from his belt. 

He slows breath and listens.

William snores. Jan's breath is soft and covered with a cloth. Kirra's breath is near silent. Minst mumbles and breaths. Spear with Minst breathe calm and steady.

Shake shuffles through the top of his pack to his bottom. He grabs a small calm shaped obejct and pulls in free. 

The clam shaped object pulls apart into two halfs.

Shake rubs his thumb inside one of the sides of the clam shaped object. He snaps his finger as he says, ,,Flame."

A small flame burns from the clam half.

The small light bright to Shakes body by dims beyond. 

Shake stands with the calm resting in hand. He looks at the steel wheels, the pipes, the gauges. He peers along the edges of walls. He holds flame near the iron door fram and its wheel.

He touches hand to head and lowers hand to see blood.

Shake holds the clam shell and flame. 

The shadows dance. 

He step quiet near Minst, who is slumped over with spell book on lap and two piles of small component bags on either side. 

Shake walks to the door and guides the flame along the door's seam with the wall. The around and aloing the wheel on door. 

The metal shaft from door to wheel is coated in dust and greese. The wheel's surface is covered with slime. No rust stains the surface of door, rod or wheel. 

Shake pulls on the wheel.

The wheel turns silently with ease.

Shake rotates the wheel left three rotations then it stops. He pulls on the handle. 

The iron door silently moves. It opens with a suck and pull of wind.

Rot and decay flow into room. 

Shake plugs nose, picks up the flame and holds it into the darkness between the door and door fram and beyond. He folds the other half of the clam shell shaped lamp focusing the light to illuminiate.

The light illuminates a rod and wheel on the other side of the door. It shines upon a hall of stone and small and large metal pipes.

The metal pipes span from the either side of the door frame into the darkness. 

Water drips drops. The drops echo.

A cold spreads over Shake.

Shake holds the clam shell and flame. 

The shadows dance. 

He step quiet near Minst, who is slumped over with spell book on lap and two piles of small component bags on either side. 

Shake walks to the door and guides the flame along the door's seam with the wall. The around and aloing the wheel on door. 

The metal shaft from door to wheel is coated in dust and greese. The wheel's surface is covered with slime. No rust stains the surface of door, rod or wheel. 

Shake pulls on the wheel.

The wheel turns silently with ease.

Shake rotates the wheel left three rotations then it stops. He pulls on the handle. 

The iron door silently moves. It opens with a suck and pull of wind.

Rot and decay flow into room. 

Shake plugs nose, picks up the flame and holds it into the darkness between the door and door fram and beyond. He folds the other half of the clam shell shaped lamp focusing the light to illuminiate.

The light illuminates a rod and wheel on the other side of the door. It shines upon a hall of stone and small and large metal pipes.

The metal pipes span from the either side of the door frame into the darkness. 

Water drips drops. The drops echo.

A cold spreads over Shake.

Kirra stirs in her sleeps and rolls over covering her nose. Spear lays forearm over nose then rolls to side.

Shake steps my Kirra, Myst and past William. He grabs a stick wrapped with cloth wrapped around and hanging from it. 

A scraping sound comes from the direction of door.

Shake steps silent and fast over the floor. He pulls out dagger and silently slides through the opening. Then he grabs the wheel and slow pulls the door to a close.

The door closes.

Shake turns the wheel and presses on the wheel then lowers and lays one end of the stick upon the door and the other end on the floor.

Bumps spread over Shake as his body shivers. 

The stink everywhere. 

Skake plugs nose and holds light before him. 

The tunnele with pilles small and long along the wall extends into darkness. A darkness Shake walks toward.

The pipes are covered with slime. Water drips from joints of pipes. 
 
The light pushes away the dark and reveals small puddles of water ripple as a nother drips hit. The puddles trapped in the concave dip in the flat stone flow after a times amount of water dips.

A pair of small lights flash then disappear.

Shake runs.

The light preceeds. 

Bits of cloth, bone, shards of metal and wood lay in the edige of the hall near the walls. 

Shake slows run then kneels to the ground holding the light low.

Small rat prints scatter through a layer of mud and dirt coating the floor.

More pairs of lights appear the disappear.

Shake stands and flips knife end over end and grabs the tip of blade.

Shake's step slows and leaves little imprint in the mud. 

A rat rustles and pushes from a pile of gather shredded cloth and bits of wood and rope and runs for the darkness.

Shake tosses his dagger.

The dagger's tip sinks into the rat.

Shake runs, grabs the rat, ties the rat tail to belt with one hand and pulls the knife from the rat.

Two more rat eyes reflect the flame lights.

Shake tosses his dagger, the grabs another from belt and tosses the daggar into the pile of straw, twin and rotting food.

With one hand, Shake ties the rats to belt with tail then pull the dagger from the rats. 

He looks at the dirction of the door and sees long darks and walks forward.

The light pushes darkness back. The rats bounce on hip spreading blood on leather pants.

Cloths, slivers of wood, metal wire, leather strips, meat scrapings, leaves and twigs piles rise and spread from the walls of the hall stacking and cover over the pipes. The mud deepesn.

Shakes feet sink deeper into the mud leaving a shallow impression of his rough soles.

The air becomes humid and cool. It spreads over skin and cloth.

The drips and drops fall along the pipes and the pipe joints.

The trash spread from the ediges of the hall to scatter in chucks of maggot infested meat and mold cover bread slices. Small bits and nips cover the edge food scraps. 

Rats scatter and scurry. 

Shake tosses two daggers. 

One dagger sinks into a rat. The other sinks into the darkness the hits a metal object.

A soft ring fades. 

Shake walks to the rat.

Its thick and round body shakes and squirms on ground. 

Shake lifts shakes the rat until it lays still in hand.

It's body cover hand and part of forearm.

,,Good eats," whispers and smiles Shake. He ties the rat to belt then pull out the knife wiping the blood on blade on the rat fur. He steps forward.

A ladder appears from the darkness. Its base covered with a mount of trash. Shake's dagger rests aganist the ladder.

Rats rum from the pile of rubbish spreading bits of trash 

The rats run down a two two halls the branch left to right.

The pipe rise and the corners of the hall intersection and dissappear into the ceiling.

Shake walks left down a hall with more pipes spaning the lenght of the hall. The trash bits spread then push to the edges. The mud thins. An iron door with a metal door sticking from it appears.

Rats scatter and run.

Shake holds the light near the edges of the door and door frame, then the rod and the wheel and the thin coat of slime covering the metal. He grabs the wheel and pulls it left spinning it a full during.

The iron door opens then stops.

Shake holds the light close to the gap between door and door frame. He sees glass pains with thin needles behind, wheels and pipss. 

Shake kicks the door and jumps back while holding dagger wide.

The door opens to reveal another square room with a shaft in the center. Horizontal pipes with wheels on one side of the wall. A stench of feces and piss mix with the smell of rot and decay to create a musk.

A rustle and bang echo through the hall. 

Shake looks back, but only sees as far as the light castes. He steps away from the door and toward the ladder. He grabs the ladder handle and shuffles feet through trash finding a mount. 

The sound of whispering flows past and fades before it felt to begin.

Shake holds body and quiets breathing. He looks down the hall to the companions.

Sounds of squeaking and squeels hear to come from all directions and above. 

Shake shuts the clam shaped box.

Darkness is.

Shake, slow and silent, pulls foot from trash finds a footing and steps back stuffing the lantern into a pocket and sliding another dagger from his belt.

The squeals become talking and the talking is mummbled by the trashing and shuffling of trash.

Shake pivots and walks silent over the ground. The walk becomes run

Shake tosses a dagger into the darkness. 

A thump and ring of metal is heard. 

Shake runs toward the epicenter of the sound. His mud sucking run become a solid slap agains stone. He slows to walk and raises an arm to the side touching the slick, wet pipes, and he raises an arm straight before touching only darkness that becomes a stone wall.

Shake kneels and follows the wall to the steel door and wheel. He bends and touch the stick leanign agains door and floor. He spins the will and pushes. 

The stick falls to the ground.

The door swings then stops. 

Shake is pulled from feet and thrown. He hits pipes. 

Pipes shake and ring. Pain rings Shakes's head.

Dead rats flap agains bars spray blood.

A light illuminates the a room and Spear, Kirra, Jan, Myst, Minst and William.

Shake grabs his head, says through clenched teeth, ,,What was that for?"

Spear closes the iron door and turns the wheel. He  lowers his sword and sheaths in scabbard strapped to back. He looks at Shake and picks up his back."

,,Sorry," says Shake. He presses back agains pipes. 

Blood flows from forehead to cheek. A blood drop drips.

,,Shake," says William. He lowers sword. ,,How were we to know it was you?" William sits and lays sword on ground. He picks up and armor shoulder plate and fassens it on shoulder. and to other shoulder plate. "We were coming to look for you."

,,Unless you're a blind sheep," Shake stands. "you don't need you hooves to see." He leans over. "It's throbing."

Jan walks with staff next to Shake. She sets staff against wall and raises hands. ,,Let me see." 

Shake lowers his dagger and peers at William. 

William stands. ,,What do you expect?" 

,,You didn't need to leave without letting anyone know," says Myst. She stands and steps away from Shake and points at the rats. "Those you friends.

Jan presses against Shake's head. Shake clenches teeth and jaw. ,,NO." 

Shake peers at Jan. ,,Not eating no slime covered fruit."

Rat blood drips to floor. 

,,There's no fire to cook," says William.

,,I can't remember baaing about fire." Shake grabs a rat, cuts the rat with edge of knife, and peels
the skin back. He holds the rat up and bits the rat.

Blood runs from corners of mouth.

Shake stares at Minst, pulls rat from mouth and chews.

Myst laughs. ,,Rogue."

Shake smiles blood covered lips and holds the rat before Myst.,,Are you sure you don't want a nipple?"

,,Shake," says William.

Myst glances at William and steps to the door.

Kirra puts back on pack. ,,What's outside?"

,,Pipes, trash, mud and rats," chews Shake. He swallows. "Halls and another room like this one. And a ladder going up." 

Jan steps from Shake.

Shake winks, smiles and nods to Jan. He pulls rat from belt and holds it before Jan. ,,I have only this to offer."

Jan grabs the rat and tosses it to Kirra. 

Kirra catches the rat, pulls out a knife, presses rat agains pipe, cuts the head off and holds it by its tail letting the blood drip.

,,There's voice too. I hears squeels that didn't come from a rat. And the whispers were everywhere."

,,What if it were you withdrawls from speed," says Minst. He stacks small component bags in sack.

Shake nods. ,,Could've been." He bites and chews rat.

Minst folds his spell book and looks a Shake standing and eating. ,,Are you not worried what they rats feast upon?" He smiles.

Shake shrugs. ,,My mind believes we all eat trash."

Minst nods and slides folded spellbook between the folds of hte elvenmail.

Spear bends over and opens his back. ,,Slime." He pulls a plant wrap and opens the wrap to reveal slime covered snake. He looks at Jan then bites the slime covered snake. His boddy tenses then relaxes. His slow bites becomes chews then he swallows. "We should go."

William feels light then heavy then hallow. The hallow contacts to his stomach. ,,Hungry," he says. 

Shake pulls a rat from belt and tosses it near William.  ,,Good eats."

,,Nay," I like my food cooked. 

,,Cook one down the hall," says Shake nodding toward door. He chews.

,,Fire would give away poistion and where would the smoke go?" says Spear. He grabs some slime covered snake jerky and tosses it to William. "Taste goes away after a few bites."

,,If those sounds I hear were real. Then they know." Shake swallows.

,,Maybe we should leave the room?" says Minst.

,,Yes." Myst turns the wheel and the door swings open then stops.

A rush of angres spreads from guantlet through out William.

William leaps to a stand, stride steps to the door and slams gauntlet covered fist against door.

The door slams shut and dents.

,,Wait!" stress William. 

Myst peers then stars. She pushes William. ,,You have not right!"

William steps back. He points to self with a guantlet covered finger. ,,I have a right to know your safe."

Shake laughs.

William's guantlet covered hand extends toward Shake.

A hand shoots from the guantlet, expands to the size of a head and covers Shakes face.

,,WILLIAM!" hollars Spear.

William looks at Spear. He lowers hand. 

The hand over Shake's face fades.

Shake inhales and steps back. ,,Sorry."

Willaim steps back from Myst and near Kirra.

Myst pulls open the door and steps through. 

Spear steps by Kirra and William. ,,We best leave here." He steps through the door frame.

Minst breaks stare from William to Shake to Kirra. ,,Do we still need the light?"

Kirra nods and pulls short sword from sheath and pulls on the saft on bow strapped to back.

Jan grabs staff and walks through frame.

Kirra looks at Shake then William. ,,We go." She steps from the room.

Minst stands and lays strap of sack over head and under shoulder. He smiles to shake then William. ,,Well, we should..." He lets the words fade seeing only emotionless faces looking away then walks from the room and steps by Spear and Myst standing in the dark.  He pokes his head in the room. ,,We will be taking the light with us."

William fits his straps on ankle plates. His back remians turned. Then he picks ou the other ankle plat and straps it on.

,,William." Shake looks at William the Minst. 

William picks up another ankle plat and straps it around ankle.

Shake shrugs and steps through the stone door frame.

,,William," says Spear.

William grabs his pack and throws it over shoulder to back. He steps toward Spear.

Spear holds a piece of snake jerky in a hand. 

William steps to Spear and stops taking the jerk. He pivots head side to side and exhales. He stares at Spear. ,,Sorry." 

Spear rests hand on William's shoulder. He smiles. ,,No need."

William steps from door.

The light flows from the room to the hall. It spreads from the iron door and stretches down the hall. It illuminates the pipes along the wall; ; the pipe elbows bending into the ceiling; the pools of the water; the mud and the trash building and spreading the further the light stretches to a ladder surrounded by a pool of trash.

Rats thrash though trash and scurry from pile to pile. 

,,Dinner for Shake," says Myst. He tone flat and cold deepening the chill of the air.

Shake bites the raw rat and chews. He looks to William. 

William glances at Shakes.

Shake smiles a bloods smile. Between chews he speaks. ,,Left and right of the ladder are halls. I went left found a room like this one." 
 
Myst walks with Kirra down the hall. Kirra holds her sword to side then pulls out dagger and hold it in other hand. Myst grasp her mace and pulls it from loop on belt gripping the hilt.

Jan and Minst follow. 

Spear slides sword from sheath. 

William steps to walk with Minst and Jan and behind Myst. 

Shake takes another bite of rat, tosses aside the body and steps after Spear. He put dagger in a sheaths and walks calm.

Kirra looks down at the mud seen between the trash piles and pieces. 

Small rat steps scamper with choas over the mud. Dwarf foot prints stomp from mud toward the iron door and from the iron door and through the trash.

Thras spreads covering the mud and stone. Shallow impressions and a matted trail of trash spans past the ladder and into the darkness.

The light shifts slow follow Minst's step. The light leads, and Kirra follows close behind. 

Rats scurry and run under trash and into darkness. 

Kirra steps to and grabs the ladder.

William walks past Spear, Minst, Jan and to the ladder by Kirra. ,,I will go first."

,,It may be best to see without light," says Kirra.

William grabs the ladder with gauntlet covered hand. ,,Or the light follows me and we blind them with suprise."

Kirra climbs. ,,Follow. Minst can lift the light."

Kirra and William climb the ladder.

,,Should we all go," says Myst. 

William looks through bars to Myst. ,,As long as you follow me." He climbs. He looks along ladder and climbs.

,,This is stupid," says Myst. She shakes head. "We have four ways."

Jan kicks and pushes aside trash with knees. She bends arams over shoulders and ties staff vertical to pack. ,,We went down. We should go up."

Myst looks into the darkness.

Minst looks from Spear to Myst to the ladder. He looks at Shake, smiles. ,,I'm not following you." He push big sake to back and holds three small sacks between fingers. 

Kirra, William, Jan climb slow. 

Minst looks along the ladder.

Kirra says soft and lets echo carry. ,,Leave the light low."

Minst nods and climbs.

,,Myst," Spear says.

Myst stares into the darkness. 

Shake eats rat and stands in the darkness. ,,Only more room like the one we've been."

Myst sees lights the size of fist in the darkness. 

,,There's something," says Myst.

The pair of fist sized lights disappear.

Spear sees darkness. ,,Don't see it." He grabs ladder. "Don't let you self follow Shake."

Myst stares from darkness to ladder and stand still in trash piles. ,,It was not some thing felt, but I believed it came from you..." 

Spear looks down at Myst and climb.

Shake swallows. ,,It all comes from me." He wipes sleeve over mouth and smiles.

Myst stars at ladder. "...It is changing him. Us. ...Why do you want." She grabs ladder. "I will never love another more." She climbs. Her voice becomes soft. "We will never love for you will be my first..."

,,Bar bar bar bar..." mocks Shake. His arms shake. He looks at the darkness and tosses his rat in hand from the light to the dark. He pulls dagger from sheath and bites on blade. Shake grabs bars and slowly follows the slow step lead by Kirra.

Kirra leads the climb of ladder.

Ladders metal bars are slick with slime and cold. The ladder span is wider than Spear's shoulder and as thickas sword handle. The ladder rises from the stond floor and trash inot the darkness then into a tube in the stone ceiling.

The stone tube is as wide as the ladder. It's walls cover with slime and bits of fur, vegatalbe skin rotting to dust. 

The light brilliance dims to darkness after the ladder enters the stone tube in the ceiling.

Kirra grips slimy cold bar and pulls on bar.

The bar doesn't move.

Kirra pulls body up ladder.

The cool tunnel walls show the stone edges and the trash sticking to the sides. 

Grime and slime cover Kirra's hands and sleeves, shoes and ankles

The bow catches paper and onion skin on tip. Dried leaves and  flakes of wood float upon William and Jan. 

The shaft extendes giving a cool heat outline to cold trash and cold bars going up. 

William looks up and sees only darkness. He looks down and sees Minst and Spear and Myst and Shake. Their forms shift darkness to light from the light illuminating below. 

Only trash awaits below. 

Echos at the edge of sound seep into his hears letting him hear the soft song of Myst talking iwth Reighn. 

He reaches and puls. 

Flakes of slime covered onion touch and stick to face.

William wipes face and feels calm from Mysts prayer talk then burn of rage warms the calm to heat the blood and cause mouth to clench.

His armor scrapes the tunnel digging deeper a soft anger becoming a hard rage.

He looks up and climbs. 

Jan feels the rage of William like a heat from coals of a fire. 

The cool humidity holding stench of musk of decay and destruction. The smell filles Jan's body then mind inhale sorrow.

Jan climbs the ladder feeling to float and fall. She climbs the ladder and feels bits of potato peals, bronze flakes, rotten parchment, fish bones bites and tomato slices spread and gather around body. 

Mind spreads energy from body feeling to flow with the rock.

Body slows and grip becomes loose.

,,Jan," says Minst.

Jan is still

Minst reach and grabs Jan's ankle. ,,Jan," he says.

Jan's body jolts and energy and thoughts pull from the stone into body. She grips the ladder bar and climbs.

,,Sorry," says Minst.

Jan climbs and Minst follows.

Spear looks down past Myst and Shake seeing only trash below. He pulls a frayed rope stran around shoulder. 

The slime begins to build over his exposed skin and leather vest and leggings. 

He pulls up feeling a soft needle point poke of pain.

Myst's talk becomes a whisper. ,,...Reighn you silence saddens. I see and feel the omen to be true. I will believe it until I am guided. I do not deserve what you have given me. ...You silence if for punishment will humble and deserved. How can I one expect anything. Thank you. Thank you..."

Shake pivots head side to side and hold back laughter with a smile. He wipe sleeve over mouth spread blood and slime over face. He climbs and looks down.

The light shines around the lander and trash. The tube focus vision to a circle around the ladder.

He climbs and looks down. 

A blur of brown streaks around the ladder. 

The trash shifts and spreads.

Shake looks past Myst, Spear, Jan, William and Kirra only seeing darkness. He stares below and climbs. 

Kirra, William, Jan, Spear, Myst and Shake climb. Shake peer at the light spot below. Kirra sees the coolness of the sides of the tube spread to the path above toning the black to a light blue.

Krirra whistles, stops climbing and reaches touching a slimy steel cover.

The whistle echoes down.

Jan stops climbing.

William grabs Kirra foot then the ladder bars. He stops.

,,Metal hatch," say Kirra.

William nods. 

Kirra press on circular metal hatch. 

A wave of moist holding the stench of decay falls down the tub. 

The hatch bangs open.

Rot over whelms.

Minst inhales and sways then steadies on ladder. 

Kirra reach into a light red area outling mounts and mounds of trash.




