Black robes gather from alleys and walk across the street toward the Royal Room Inn. Clicks and clack join thumbs and pounds of black roped hugobins beyond the door to the floor suite occupied by the pack.

Worgs bark between clicks and clacsk that flicker with a few torches hanging on intersection light poles.

The black robes step between people.

People walk along walk ways from buidings. People walk with oxgoiblins and wagin. People walk along the road and talk. 

People of elves, dwarves, gnomes and humans walk the streets in packs and pairs. Only hats and a few coifs cover heads. The heads of robed begins step between and toward the Royal Inn and the pack.

The pack moves. Spear and Williamk lift and presss table against door. Kirra opens the shutter along the inside walls of room. Guile walks around the room grabs food and water skins. Myst whistles and drums with the symphony of string struming and plucking in minds. Runtik looks through the window to the outside window.

Outside more black robes run across the street into the Royal Rooms. 

,,We have more gueats wanting to share our room,'' says Runtik.

William and spear grabs a granite statue and haul it toward door. Guile pulls robe over body and grabs Heart Dagger. He toses and tighten's pack over back. Kirra stuffs wetstone, sewing back and packets of gems in her back and grabs her sword. 

Myst rubs the top of her drum and taps every few circle as she whisktles a high low pitch singing with the Song of Rieghn in mind.

The sounds blows around the room, and Myst sings. ,,Rieghn come with use. We have not trust. In these walls of stone and would. So if you could, give use your strenght and see us through...'' The wind of the sounds flows up the walls and ceiling.

William hears the song and feels the song, and he and Spear toss  the statue agains the wall.

The statue hits with a thunk. against the table and door.

William says, ,,The song of Rieign will hold fast the walls, the shutter and door while we think of our path to see.'' 

Kirra opes the shutters to the inside wall and presses face against the wood bars and looks up and down.

Above is shaft that rises to winodws shinding star light that rise to a roof. 

Below the square shaft falls to darkness.

Runtik says, ,,YOu break the bars. We leave through the shaft.''

,,Where does it lead,'' says Kirra.

Runtik sees a few bow men stand on the roof of the building across street. She shuts the shutters. ,,Down into the water tunnel.''

Guile grabs and looks at the Heart Dagger. He feels Shake's laugh, and He says, ,,They will be waiting for us.'' He looks at Runtik. He shouts from mind to her actions. Actaions repeat and span. He feel Runtik's fear. ''You are frightened.''

Runtik looks around the room. ,,They may be waiting. It depends on how long they have know and they.''

,,They,'' says Kirra. ''You.''

Spear steps to the wood bars and Kirra.

William glances at the bundle, sees his armor. ,,I hope...'' says his mouth as mind wanders and he kneels and pulls at the rope the cuts.

The bundle opens.

Armor and weapons spead with a few packs. Guile steps over and glances down, sees Minsts' pack and grabs it as he walks othee barred window. ,,Feel fear from Runtik.''

,,No, fear,''' says Runtik. ''Only unexpected and excited. The game begins sooner that thought,''

,,Game?' says Kirra

Spear sees his Rose Warrior Armor and Rose Warror War Hammar. He says while grabbing the maser work wood plate mail. He pulls it ove head and begins to fasten the plates. The amor slines and links over body. ,,We dress and bang through the door and kill our way out. We know the enemy location.''

Clicks and clacks and arrow thumps hit the walls outside. A deep thump booms agains the wall. The boards of the door shake.

Myst blows and the music flows along the floor the walls and the ceiling. It plays beteween the cracks and hold and the warped space. It sing a song bringing it all together.

William feels the song and says while pulling off his scale make and factinge the Westmore Platemail. 

Guile says, ,,We go to the roof?''

,,Bowman,'' says Runtik. ''I see them on the roof. They could be on roof.''

,,I don't hear footsteps,'' Says Spear as he pulls on wood bars.

,,Break easy,'' says Kirra. She grabs the rope around the bundle and begins to unwind. ''Break them Spear.''

Spear fastes wast piece and shin carugs over boots. He reasches with free and and break the bar then fastens the hip and arm pieces. ,,I'll.'' He fastens hip to sliding joing to the waist peice. ''After I...''

,,We go down,'' says Guile.

,,Be useful, Guile,'' says William. ''Use you mind to see who things below.''

Kirra loops the rope around the bundle and pulls free a small shack and back back. ,,Food and water.''

Guile sniffs. ,,I get.''

William  begin to done the armor. ,,You see.''

,,You see,'' says Giule he looks about the room. He grabs two empty waterskins and the pitcher of water from table. 

Kirra says,, ,,Robe no long enough.'' She ties rope around statue. ''Move stature near wall. 

Spear clips on last armor piece and grabs Rose Warrior Hammar. ,,We bash it down and go down.''

Kirra pulls the marble statue toward the wall.

William fastesn hip plate of Westomre Armor, holds the other hip plate and helps Kirra pull the statue toward teh wall. ,,Break the floor. WE go down shafter enter other place.''

The hip plate falls with clagger.

The statue pushes against the inner wall of the square shafter below the open barred window. 

Spear strides to Guile and grabs the vaste and waterskins. ,,I fill. You use you mind to see.''

Guile stumbles back and mumbles. ,,I put mind in...I can't...''

Spear roars, ,,DO IT NOW''

The roar sings with the wind song flowing with the rub tap of Myst's drum.

Guile steps back with a fright and sends a shout from the back and deep of mind. He feels a purr and feels Runtik flow with his mind. 

Runtik sees to Guile as she pulls a gem from pocket and tosses it between the bars of the shaft. 

Kirra grabs Runtik's neck.

Runtik's body follows Kirra's guide  against the wall. Runtiks sees to Guile. ,,We follow the Mind Trust Purr down.''

Guile slows step and stares blank at William and Myst. He feels a feeling of falling. He seesy flashes of images through a vibrating purr.

>You see and shout for mind,< sees Runtik to Guile as Runtik chokes for breath and stares blank at Kirra.

Thoruhg the Mind Trust Purr, Guile shouts from ind through the crystal.

The shout spans and flows and echose along a tunnel. The shout echoes from no mind.

William fastens hs andnle plates, lifts his long swords and swipes. He grabs the buckler fought and says. ,,We fight.''

Guile says, ,,See no minds. Maybe they hid. Feel nothing.''

Spear lifts Rose Warrior hammar and smashes the wood bars. 

Kirra tosses the rope down.

The rope falls then dangles beyond the last shine of light. 

Smashing and breaking of wood bars crashes from below. 

William mutters as he walks to the rope. ,,Where's Minst and feather fall when needed.''

,,No minds,'' says Kirra.

Guile blinks sight and looks at Kirra. ,,Feel no echo through,''

Runtik says, ,,Wwe stand here and die. We go down and maybe live.''

Kirra looks at the bundle, sees her the bow that shoots energy bolts, grabs the shafter and her old pack and slides down the rope. ,,Tug twice fast for safe.''

Spear, William, Guild, Runti and Myst step towaard the rope. They all glance down.

Kirra fades to dark and light as she slides to darkness and light.

The light shindes from the windows. A few shutters open, and light shines.

Clicks and clack flow forth. 

The door pounds and shake and vibrate. 

A whistle peirces the sonus wall aroound the room.

Runtiks says, ,,The constables are here.''

,,And the army,'' says William. 

Runtik and spear peer into the darkness of the shaft. Runtik says, ,,The chaos followers of Bin.''

The robe swings.

Kirra press and slides down rope to rope end. 

Above Kirra lights shine from barred windows. Wood hood raise from wall. And wood bar splites break and fall. 

A few hands grab for the rope. 

Kirra drops a dagger, and hte dagger splashes feet below. Kirra release from the ropoe shouting, ,,Going down!''

,,Going down,'' echoes through the shaft and he rope goes slack. 

,,We go down,'' says Spear. He grabs Guile. ''Go.''

,,Climb.'' He grabs rope.

Runtik pushes him.

Guile grunt and is hoisted down. He climbs and steps rope shakes and pulls and swings. He climbs down. He lowers past one window.

The shutters open behind and a swords swing at Guile.

Guile's hands slip, slide grab, Skin peels from hand, and rope ends. Guile falls to dark.

Kirra catch Guile, drops him and grabs elven bow with dragon hair won in the gladiator pits. She pulls arrow from quiver and shots arrow.

Giule's ankle twists and body splashs water as an arrow flies through the shaft from Kirra's bow.

Arrow flows and hits a black robed figure in window.

William, Spear, and Runtik see the arrow.

William shouts. ,,Myst you song needs to end, so you may descend down this...this.''

Myst breathes a whislte and blows.

A wind gusts around the walls.

Myst steps and lets the sound leave her mouth and follow with a step toward the wall.

The wall spans. 

Clicks and clacks, thuds band from door; arrow thunks tap along the outside wall; smoke blows through floor and wall gaps. 

The song wall spans as Myst steps and grabs the robe and climbs down the shaft.

William and Spear look at Runtik. Spear says, ,,You next.''

Runtik smiles and says with a high pitched voice. ,,ME! I go?'' She steps between William and Spear, grabs edge and goes voer the edge and leaps down and grabs bars on the windows for the level below. 

Through the bars, black ropes shoot crossbows.

A bold hits Runtiks's arm and one hits Myst's shoulders. Two other fly through and hit the wall. One bold hits a robe. 

Runtik leaps across and down the shaft grabbing bars of windows below. A bold strikes her hand, and she falls hanging with one hand. 

As bolts releod, Myst climbs donw.

Kirra, below, shoots arrows at three black robes aiming cross bows up at Myst and Runtik. 

Three arrows hit one in a black robe. The black robe falls.

One steps to the barred window.

iule, by Kirra. stands and stumbles agains the wall. He steps from the dimm lighint into  the only darm wall.

The dark wall spans along a long tunnel half his heigh and as wide as spear.

A cool breeze blows from the tunnel over Guile. ,,Here and beyond,'' mumbles Guile as Kirra shoots arrow. ''Why they not here?''

Kirra shoots three more arrows.

Three arrows shoot up shaft and kill a black robe aiming crossbow futher up the shaft.

Further up the shaft, and six levels of widows that are open with black ropes holding crossbows, Myst climbs down the robe to the last level of windows near the dark saft that falls into darkneess where Kirra and Guile stands.

Six bolds hit Myst, and one bolt sticks in her leg. 

The song of Rieghn in Myst mind hit and discord and she slips and falls. 

The rope swats, and a couple hands slide between bars and grab the rope.

,,MMYYYYYYYYST!'' shouts William. She sheaths long swords and swings over the edge.

Behind Willam, the door blows open. Splinters of wood hit the table and pock Spear and Willialm. 

Then the floow vibrates as two shutters along the outside wall swing and slam open. 

Spear steps and leaps down the shaft with warhammer in hand. He hits and grabs the bars of a window two levels down.

Cross bow bolts fire between wood bars at William and Spear. Short swords pounds agains the wood bars. Hands grab the rope. and pulls. it through the window in the sh after below William.

Two bolts his Wiliams leg and cut. Two bolts cuts Spear's thigh. All bolts fall down the shaft as Myst falls.

Two black robes grab the rope as it hangs below William and begins to pull it through window.

Spear leaps across the width of the shaftre and grabs the rope.

The robe is pull back into the shaft. William  and Spear hit against wall above Kirra.

Kirra drops bow and reaches for Myst. She catches Myst and the fall to the water with a splash. Kirra's forearm breaks. 

Guile jumps against the wall and sees Myst and Kirra hit, hears the bone break. He looks up and around and through the hole into darkness.

Above, William kicks and slides down the rope to the end near the edge of darkness he hand and shouts. ,,MYST!'' 

Spear leaps down the shaft from window to window bars to window bars as Runtik climbs from the woods walls to sotn walls and past bars opening to darkness.

A clawed hand scrapes againsts Runtik's skin.

Myst mmaons and rolls and the water thrasht into a sit and speaking gargled lyric of. ,,Here. Here.''

A cross blow bold shoots between the plates of William's armor sinking into his arm.

Willam drops as Kirra rolls to the edge of the shaft. 

A splash of water explodes as Runtik leaps from all and lands a foot wide ledge. 

Spear climbs down the stone wall two level bellow the light.

A blast booms above blowing wood and wind through the shaft upon the pack. 

Runtik leaps over Myst and Kirra and lands by Guile and the tunnel, pushes Guile aside and crawls into tunnel. 

,,GO WHERE?'' shout Guile.

,,WE go through,'' says Runtik as she crawls on hands and nees through the water stream, into a cool breeze troward the darkens.

flame and globe light shine through the dust and wood bits falling and floating over the pack. A few cross bow bolts shoot through and into the water.

Kirra rolls and falls to knees. Her bend forarm swings with pain. Spear grabs Kirra. Kirra pushes away and crawls through the tunnel after Guile.

Willam raises shield. 

pieces of wood bounce of William's shield. His arm thumpos and pokes pain. ,,MYST, SPEAR, GO!''

Myt stumbles to the stand, ,,you go...I...''

,,No,'' William peers through the dusts.

The dust clears. Globe and fire light shines in wide hole in the all high above. 

Myst leans back against the wall, hums and says with hum, ,,Spear go. Go..' She limbly pushes on Spear. 

Spear stands. ,,I-

,,GO!'' shouts Myst like sining an opera note. 

Spear step back and ducks and crawls down table.

Myst grabs William and tugs on him to the tunnel. ,,I follows.''

William stubmle to the tunnle while staring above.

From above, the dust clears. Clicks and clack clack and click. 

,,YOU SEE,'' sing Myst.

William kneels and crawl through tunnel. Edges of armor scrape the sides stone tunnel.

Myst kneels and scurries behind the pack then stops and tunrs back to the pack as she funbles to hold her drum, pounds her drum and sings.

The drum thumps through tunnel, and Runtik leads the pack thorugh the long dark tunnel.

Water splashes. Wind gusts and blows cold. Fumes of shit and piss fume from ripples of the stream.

Runtik crawls to steel bars spaning from the top and botton of the tunnel.

The bars are as thick as fingers with a gabe the width of a palm.

Runtik stope her crawl. Guile hits Runtik. Kirra hits Guiles. Spear hits Kirra and William stops and looks at Myst.

Myst beats the drum and hums with lips whistling low.

A flash! The a boom hits through the tunnel followed by fire. Fires fills the tunnel ecompansing Myst and slaming agasinst Williams an synging Spears foot. The flames pulses and burn then vansih.

Myst sing on as her charred hand slams the top of drum. Her hum becomes a hollers song through the tunnel.

The song flows between the cracks and gabs between rock and morter of the tunnel wall.

A few bits of dirt and rock fall from the roof hitting the pack.

Runtik presses against the bars before the tunnel and shouts. She feels and see through the dark for a lock or hole.

The bar hold firm.

Runtik shouts. ,,BARS BAR US FROM ESCAPE!''

As she shouts, sharp objects like claws scratch her hand.

Guile sniffs and peers into the shaodws with a mental shout.

The shout echos whispers and screaming from the shadows to his mind as darkness spans. 

William shouts. ,,Myst!'' and shift and sildes along the tunnel ner her. He coughs on smoke. 

Smoke fumes from Myst.

Durst and bits of rock fall from wall.

Myst pounds the drum.

Kirra looks to Spear and shouts. ,,Spear. Queeze to bars.'' She grabs broke forearm and presses against the wall. 

Spear glances at William and Myst and pushes to Kirra.

Then the wall, ceiling and floor of the tunnel at the end that opens to the shaft grows and meets in the middle. Breaking and pound and gridning spread through the stone.

A few large stones splash from the ceiling. 

The hole at the end opening to the shaft closes.

Myst falls limb in water, and William catches her.

Spear presses past Kirra and Guile hits the bars.

Then a shadow arm grabs Runtik and pulls her against the bars. The words, ,,Shadow Soldiers,'' escape mouth as her mouth slams against the steel bars.















