Sweat falls from nose. Finger nails scratch dirt and kin. Muscles twitch, and teeth grind with clench jaw. Feet step down stairs fast, slow, stop, steps.

Voice echoe around the stone spiral steps. Flames flicker and stretchs and reach for Shake.

Shake feels the buzz zing through bone and muscles. Muscles quiver and twitch. Shake walks down the stone spiral stair case with white walk past. is dirt staind brown leather coat and pants with cotton shirt stuck with mud around colllar and wrists. Locks of his dreaded hair brushes back and sticks to red stained spots on shoulders.

Sweat drips from Shakes nose as head twitches.

Eyes peer and look at Shake as white robed beings walk past. Glasses of gold and silver are guided from Shakes path.

Purple and red liquids spill and drip from cups. 

Shake walk down through lughter, mint mell, thick oil satin fumes.

He pauses during steps and stumbles, falls, hits walls.

Shake steps by white robes tied to white robes walking with sway up the stone spiral stares. 

White robe arm reaches with white glove and brushes shakes forehead.

White glove stains red.

Shake grins his grin and points to bruise. ,,Tried to enter the castle and wrestled with a soldier. 

The pack of tied white robes walks up the spiral stares with one hood looking at Shake. 

Shake walks down.

Smells of oak and sage fume. Laughter echoes. 

Shake walks down.

Talk becomes chatter.

Shake walks down.

Chatter with laughter and a ring of glass hitting. 

Shake walk down.

Fire warmth spreads the smell of oak smoke and fried fat. 

Shake walks down.

Light shines dull magic globe glow. The light brightens the dull dim to shine!

Shake steps into ight and to falt path to wide and tall door open to people.

People stand in heat and light.

White robes shuffle, step and stand with white robes. 

Mint and mustard spice, cinimon fume.

Sweat clings and feels to stain.

Shake steps, and cheek brushes bare hand holding flute glass. 

Chatter talk loud in tongues, lips and clicks.

A surface word only spoke with sound make it talk away to gibberish Shake can't understand.

Shake pauses and guivers and false step. He walks. 

A few people gawk and chatter and pull hoods of white robes over heads and watch.

Shake walks through the rooms and around the room and the walls finding steps and flow and the room.

The room is obsidian stone to walls of stone and wood with pillars and braces hlding steel plates from ceiling to wall. The walls are long and deep and wide. The center is cool, but warm and packed tight with people talking and lauging and pointing. The corner crowd and are a dark. Flames from walls burn dark smoke and soot around holes to shoots and chimeny. Three caudrolons with pot and smokeless coals heat and light bright and waarm form the middle of walls to the door. 

It is near the corner where one in a white robe says to Shake. ,,You look in need of speeding up.'' 

Shake feel his daggers on forearm and on hip. 

Shake sees...

A being as tall a William as skinny as Minst in white robe of shining leather that fit body like a mitten. The head is covered but hte face is framed by the hood. Two round red cheeks smile and deep purple eyes flutter the fumes of fresh grass. The white gloved hands hand to side. One lifts with arm to part and help Shake through the crowd in the corner. The being in tight white robe says, ,,My name is Rop.'' Rop's voice is calm and deep. ''Rop,'' says Rop again. 

,,Speed,'' says Shake. He nods at Rop. ''Speed.''

,,A little fast,'' sooths Rop's voice. He leans down with their step between people to the center. ''And what branch are you from.''

Shake says, ,,Westmore.''

,,The canyon,'' says Rop. He peers at the armor. ''Haven't seen that style in a while.'' 

They walk by robes of white and few people dressed in leather armor and swords standing near a group of matching white robes. 

Rob says, ,,Speed so far from its branch.''

Shake says, ,,The is only one Branch.

,,Yes,'' says Rop. ''Only one Branch for all the branching.'' Rop pinches Shake's Branching Armor as they run. ''Where do you find?''

,,I was given,'' says Shake. They step and step.

White robes press and part near the center. Space to spread arms Spans.

Shake doesn't sprad arms, but stand as Rop stands.

Rop steps and says, ,,Are you looking for time? A nap? A flight? Alteration or illusions?''

White robed being twist hoods toward Shake.

,,How much for speed?'' says Shake.

Rop smiles aand shakes away a few stares from white hoods and robes. His white gloves wave hand before nose sticking from white hood. ,,I smell the fumes of feces.'' Rob looks around at hood to hood. Robs pointing nose points at hoods looking at Shake and Rob. 

The hoods look away. 

,,Stinks,'' says Rop. The nose poinst at Shake. ''We walk the stairs hall. Go a place quiet where it doesn't stink.

A few white robes click and steps near Nop.

A hugoblin pulls back a hood. 

Nop steps and leads Shake through the ground and to the far hall to the light and the white walls. The hall walls expents and the white robes stand and press against other robes against the walls.

Rop pulls hood from head to shoulders. 

A pointed hobgoblin head spread from pointing nose. Ear lopes hang over ear hoels. Blacke hair grows around ear and nose and overe its black eyes like big opens in a bird shaped head.

Shake looks away. ,,Goblins,'' says Shake. He looks at Rop. ''Where is a Branching Place? what part of Branching are you?''

On hood head of robed standing in white hall turns with Shake.

Rop looks back and forth from hoods of white robes to Shake to hoods of white robes to Shake to hoods of white robe to Shake.

Shake glances. ,,What?'' He peers at  the long snout and canine teeth and the black obs that stare the void into Shake's mind. He steps fast then looks back and says. ''Where we going?''

Rop looks from the white robes, the glowing orbs, Shake. Rop sniffs. ,,My room. We go my room.''

,,No,'' says Shake. ''No rooms.''

,,Not here.'' sahs Nop. Nop follows Shake. 

Shake walks calm and pace past white robe group walking to the large obisdian room. 

Citrus mist sticks to Shake as the white robe group walks past. 

Two balls glowing red float behind the red robe giving red to the white.

Nop walks and looks back. ,,Steets or the stairs.''

,,The stairs,'' say Shake. ''I want to go fast.'' Shake steps between a group pressed against both walls. 

The groub talks and touch and let the white robe wrap around the group and couples. 

Hovering light domes dim. 

The hite all has doors of steel then a hall.

The halls is short to stairs. 

Two white robes blow past Rop and Shake leading with laughter up the stairs. 

,,How much?'' says Shake.

Rop steps behind Shake. ,,Silver for time. Timeless. Speed.''

Shake steps on stairs of stone. ,,Silver. A sliver if I time travel.

The white rock becomes tray and mud stained. The smooth sruface becomes round and edged. 

Rop says, ,,Silver will make you see tomorrow.''

The tiny glob lights shining along the wall shine over the bumpy walls.

Shake says. ,,I like small does over cycles.''

The bumby gray walls reflect the light like hudreds of tiny twinkels as Shake and Rop walk.

Rop says. ,,A silver get your buzz for twenty cycle.'' 

Rope loos at the walls of the spiral stair shaft. Shake sees him pull vial from pocket near wrist.

Shake itches wrist sand slips a silver to palm. ,,I want to feel its buzz.''

Job presses top of vial to Shake neck and steps close to Shake letting a long line of white robe step past.

The white robes step and fume mint. 

The stap fast and slow as Shake's buzzes with the mint fumes. 

Shake feels to float and wanter between the time. Shake feels to feel the emotion radiating from each white robe stepping pass. Sake feels his hand lift and switch silver for the vial with Rop.

Rops steps behind Shakes.

Shake feels to flaot.

The white orbes glow past.

The lights shining over wall blink red and blues and yellow spots.

The stairs twist for ever and time.

The buzz sends shiver long Shakes spine and he spins over stairs and steps from stairs to a hall.

Shake stands and stairs along the halls and doors and at the light white globes hovering between the doors.

Shake breathes, sweats and Shakes.

Shake grabs the vial of speed and breathes and stends.

A fume of mints fumes around.

Shake spins around. The world be stable, but a being runing with white rope to the stair hall is a long trace of it's movement from a door.

The door is slow to close as Shake stares, breathes, wipes nise and rubs nose. He breaths and swallows and steps.

Shake's blurred body feels the smooth buzz guide steps between hall of blue walls and white wooden doors. 

The light hue of glowing floating globes spreads smooth soft light that sooths and pulls Shakes step forward.

Fumes of mint sooths then sage give a feeling and images of Hern and the dark. 

The hall of the light blue becomes the sky as Shake feels to flow over the floor and with the walks. 

Shake spins and dips and crawls along the light blue and square clouds of white. He flies past beings. 
 
Beings slowly moving through the hall leave very slow and long moving leaving traces of its images as the image slowly extends to stairs. 

The blue and white walls becomes blue and shake flies along another hoall and doors and people mid movement under white robes.

The blue becomes silver and bright as Shake flies up the stairs with his feet feeling to never touch the ground around the spiral stairs to the red deep and long. 

Shake flies between the black doors and lands through the halls. 

White robes stand or pose like puppets held in steps or laugh or smile.

Shake blurrs faster than time and near the flicker of light to land in the red hall.

The red hall is. 

Black doors are.

Shake stands and breathes and wipes forehead.

The floating globes glow. 

Shake stars. 

Shake grips his hands and inhales and exhales. He tries to see thought and perform internal talk, but his mind mummbles sounds, sights and smells of fumes.

Fumes hang and streams of smoke twist through the air around Shake.

Skake feels like he is in a smell room and stands. The smell walls of cinimon and fat smoke hold Shake still. Shake is stuck in smoke in the red hall in the light around the black doors.

Shake breathes.

Shake blinks. 

Shake blinks and opens eyes to see a door.

Shake stands before a door.

The door is black.

Shake stares. 

Shake inhales.

Shake exhales. 

Shake grabs his vial, lift fits and knocks black door, puts ear to black door, knocks on door, puts hear to door, says, ,,William,'' press on door, turns door handle, takes lock picks from hair, picks and ulocks door, puts ear to door, twiste lock picks in to hair locks, puts hear against door. 

Shake turns door hand and steps into room. He says slow. ,,William.'' He wipes forehead.

Mud foot prints spread over ground. Dirt standed spot on beds frame buts. 

Fumes of rose and thorne wood fill room. 

,,William?'' says Shake. 

Shake steps a blur from one room and to the door next to the room. He knocks, listens and picks the locks. 

A large platter of food is spread over table. Bits of bread and meat lay on plates. Plate are scatterd over two beds.

Wet towls lay on grownd. A platter wtih vials spreads over the top of bed. Mud stands dance over floor.

A broken arrow of Kirra's lays on ground.

Shake picks up the arrow, breathes and peers ta the arrow then the room and the open windows.

A sharp shock jolts Shake's body.

Shake's body falls.

A blade sticks into Shake's shoulder blade between neck and branching armor. The blake pokes and pushes, stabs.

Pains shocks and burns time to stop slow then explode with a blurred pain and scream.

Shake weezes and reaches for knife hilt sticking from side.

A force press Shake and his arm against ground, a force push the knife into Shake. A force covers Shake's mouth and pulls Shake's head back.

,,Branching,'' says Rob's voice. ''Branching.'' He clenches teeth. 

The dagger twists and pulls. 

Shake's lungs burn.

Blood flows.

Shake's back pops as held is pulled back. Shake screams loud through hands, bites into the hand's finger and wiggles heads.

Robs wiggles and pulls hand from Shake's mouth and pushes on knife and pills it out.

Shake grabs and rolls and pulls the the knife from side.

Rop scratches Shakes face and hits Shake's stab wound with side of fist. ,,Branching,'' Rop says.

Blood stains and smears over Rop's white robe. 

Rop's pointing nose aim at Shake.

Rop pulls knife from sheath. ,,Give me the Branching armor. Or die.''

Shake stand and tries to swing arm, but it hand limp.

The room spans behind. 

Shake steps backward and stumbles, breathes.

Numb spreads voer Shake's shoulder then chest.

Shake irabs pitcher of water on chair and tosses it at Rop.

Rop hits aside pitch. ,,Give it.''

Rops' voice booms inside Shake's head. The sound covers and hold Shake.

Rop leaps at shake with knife leading the leap.

Shake sees lights explode around Rop. He sees the fast and slow movement skip through the air toward. He turns and spins.

Rop's knife swings wide and tip hits wall. Rop's clawed hand scratch Shake's spinning shoulder.

Shake spins and stumbles and fall on bed, rolls from bed to floor.

Pain shockes and spreads through Shake. 

Shake rolls and grabs glass and pulls bed sheet, rolls and stands.

Nops steps on tips of toes. He looks at the door closed and to Shake and the window then Shake. His feet step slight and silent. 

Shake throws glass, grabs blanket and whips blanket at Rop.

The glass hits Rop's arms, and the blanket snaps from bed and flows over Rop.

Rop leaps at Shake into the blanket. His knife stricks nothing then stabs wall.

Shake jumbs on bed, bounces falls. 

THUMP! thuds the floor. Breath knocks from Shake. Shoulder stabs pain. Shake rolls to side, a stand and grabs a knife at side.

As Shake rolls to a stand, Rop jumps on bed and leaps at Shake.

Shake throws knife, falls to a roll, grabs blanket on bed and pulls before Fob leaves the bed top.

The knife stabs Rop's arm.

The blanket pulls at Rop's feet before the leap. The blanket flights to Shake.

Rop falls into the blanket and to Shake. His knife cuts the sheet and cuts Shake's cheek.

Plates crash and glasse shatter. 

The blanket twists around Rop and Shake as Shake rolls over Rop.

Rop claws Shakes face.

Shake kicks and kicks away from the blanket and Rop.

Bright light shines and circles and consumes Shake.

Shake screams as a red head beams from the darkness, opens its mouth and bites for Shake.

Shake kickes and closes eyes. Shake kicks the bed, the blanket, Rop the floor. Shake kicks to the wall.

The red head dissappears.

Rop cuts from sheet and swings knife at Shake's foot. Rop looks at door and steps after Shake.

Shake grabs a fallen plate, glass, lamp and throw each at Rop.

The plate flies out the window.

The glass hits the bed. 

The lamp flies at Rop.

Rop hit aside the lamp and kickes Shake's side, arm head.

Oil splashes over Rop's arm.

Shake rolls and filps and flops and swings legs hitting Rop's ankles.

Rop falls. 

Shake kicks Rop and kicks floor to a stand. 

Rop rolls and grabs knife, stands.

Shake leaps at  Rop.

The grabble.

Rop slams forearm against Shakes collar stab wound and chokes Shake.

Shake rubs hand in pocket against charcoal, crinches from forearm hitting shoulders. He gags as he is choked. He slams forehead against Rop's nose.

Rop chokes and squeezes.

Shake gags. Tongue extends. Arm of stapped shoulders pulls ant Rop's hand while Shake's other hand jabs thumb into Rop's eyes socket. 

Rop jams a fingers into Shake's eye socket. 

Shake breathes and says, ,,WORDFORFLAMECANTRIP.''

A flame flickers on Shake's thumb.

Rop eye burns. Rop screams.

Flames spread over Rops, the sheet the floor.

Flames burn from Shakes hand.

Rop and Shake roll apart. 

Rop screams and hits arms, and body and rolls on the ground. 

Smoke spreads with fire. 

Shake stands and watches the fire burn the blanket and bed. He watches the smoke rise. He hears the screams. He grins blood and grabs a knife.

Nop fumes smoke and moans. 

Shake coughs, falls to knee. 

Bright lights create a funnel of colors that swirl around Shake. Reds, browns, pinks, blues paint the world of color. 

Shake coughs and swings knife.

Nop's shouts silence.

The spinning colors around shake spread and reveal a room of smoke and moldiering sheets. 

Shake falls to the ground.
