
Shake runs from William and Buckey, Carlos, Myst, Spear, Kirra, Jan. He runs low near trees and shrubs careful to not upset the tense force pushing from the trees and brush. Leaves and pine needles bend but do not break under the spread, light foot fall. 

Shake stares forward seeing him run by a bush without touching twig or bush brash, or stepping on piles of yellow and orange leaves.

Shake ducks, leans, strides, stiff walks with speed and silences. The sides of vision blue an streak. The blurr and streka spread from focal point to the edges of sight.

Shake's trembling hand and shivering bones hone to pass fast and silent through the trees.

Goblin's shouts and orders shout echo then the flow around. A goblins shouts by  Shakes hear. 

Shake whips head and peers North. 

Distant shakows run from trunk to trunk.

Goblin laughter echoes. A goblin laughs by Shake.

Shake look behind. His should brushes past and Everstiff shrub.

,,SHAKE," says a distant voice. 

Shake looks forward and runs by oak and evergreen trees and Everstiff shrubs and Clutter Vine. He run over leaves, pine needles. Moist dirt, and small streams of water. 

A rock wall appears between the trees.

A wave of weightlessness flows from shakes feet to head. 

Shake pukes up beef, wine, water, fruit. He hold puke in mouth. The run slows to a jog. He jogs aloong a stream. Opens mouth and let the puke drop into the stream. He splashes cross the team. Feet land with angled legs hitting here and there.

Water splashes. 

The splash seeps into pantlegsa and over angles then slides down into his loosely tied boots. The splash echoes and spreads.

The Goblins laugh behind Shake. 

Shake wipes mouth and runs from stream toward the rock wall. 

Hands and feet slap up rocks and slide down rocks. 

Shake climbs bettween bolders and paths of rock and dirt slides.

Goblins screams, shouts of name press deep against Shake.

Sweat drips from his face. Hand tremors become shakes. 

His hands and feet slip and grip and reach and push and pulls up rock over rock over rock.

Shake climbs to flat rock. 

A dark hole sucks the light form the morning. It begins to expand and cover shake. 

Shake slips and catches hand. Shake climbs and looks back and along the rock wall. Distant dots of gobins cover the rock wall. 

A goblins laughter above focuses the echoes to on loud and long shrill laughter.

Skake slips and slides along a boulder. He grabs rock, climbs and peers above to the nearing rock peek.

No goblin is before.

Shake feels the pull of the darks. He looks back and sees the bright sun dim near the dark hole then lowers and slides down boulders and long rock and dirt slides.

He slide skips before the black hole. He feels the cool calm and silence from the dark hole spread over and in him.

He crawls into the dark hole. His backpack scraps its top.

Feathers, furs and grass and bones pile by Shakes shoulders.

He reaches and and pulls body through opening. His skinny body slides deeper and deeper. 

The ceiling rises. 

Shake is able to shake side to side shuffling shoulders and scrapping them agains the narrow sides until the walk expands. Shake crawls through large tuffles of fur and piles of grass piled in the corners. He hits the wall.

Shake turns and presses back against the wall. 

The must of dander, dust and decay fill Shake with calm. Shake lays still and stares at the light at the end of the tunnel. Thirsty, he pulls the wine carafe from the belt and drinks from it starring at the bright light reaching its beams toward Shake trying to grab and pull him out.

Shake presses agains the smooth stone and drinks the wine an stares.

The light beams reach and reach. 

Shake stares and press and drinks then sleeps...

...Pressure presses against Shake. He can't move. Long strands of fur press agains front of body. The light is gone.

Shake inhales then exhales...He passes out...

...A goblins screams! A hiss and stank. The sound of falling rocks.

Shake wakes. The bright light is covered by a shade moving around at the end of tunnel.

The shadow pushes into the light. The light shows a goblins swinging sword at a huge badger and a huge badge mauling another golbin. Two more goblins land on top of huge badger and stab its back. 

The badge hiss weezes free then the badger's body falls and lays still.

Shake drinks from wine carraf. He watch blurred images of goblins stab and slice open the huge badger. He sleeps...

FIRE BURNS!

Shake hits arn agaist ground ground. 

Flames lick and burn. 

He coughs and gages. Salivia sizzles. He lifts the carraf near the flames.

Wine pours from the carafe. 

Flames extinguish. Shakes coughs and coughs. His chest convules. Shake shoves carafe in pants pocket. He rolls over sizzling fur, hair and straw. Eyes sting. He gages. 

Darkness covers. 

Shake shuffles on chest through the tight tunnel to the dusk light. 

He pushes from the tunnel. The smoke wisps away. He coughs and coughs.

Then a flash. Then nothing...

...PAIN...

Burns on Shake's arm rubs against rope tightly and holding Shake from a horizontal rod. 

The canyon covered dusk darkness. The sky light dim to the darkness in the valley.

Shakes hangs mounted on a wooden pole held by six goblins. He bounches up and down as the goblins carry the rod over the top of the rock wall. 

A group of Hobgoboins walk behind lead by one wearing William's family's armor.

Shake hears them talk words summonzing, orders, return, feast, food. When the hobgoblin says food he points the tip of sword at Shake.

The pain of the burn and Shakes arm makes Shakes shift and grab the pole and lift body closer to the pole.

The pole bounces and sways.

The goblin wearing William's family armor walk to Shake and swings sword hit the blunt side of the blade against Shake's head.

A flash. 

Shake's body falls limb and bounces with the step of the goblins...

BRIGHT LIGHT IS EVERYWHERE! Heat covers...

Shake blinks. Then opens eyes.

Sweat stings eyes.

Big brown shape raise to the sun. Blurred humaniod shapes sit in groups.  A blurred wall circles brown shape. 

Shake lifts head and wipes faces against arm. 

He blinks and looks at his arm. The burn marks and rope burns are gone from flesh.

Behind Shake sees a tower of tree trunks woven with small ropes and cords. The tower is surrounded by a wall a wall of boards as tall as trees. Goblins and hobgoblins roam the court yard between the wall and the tower. 

Goblins and hobgoblins run around fire pits shouting commands of, ,,Go," and ,,Order," and, ,,March," and ,,Chosen one," and, ,,Protect," and, ,,Dragon."

Shake closes eyes to slits and leans head limb. He peers at the base of the tower peering through eyelids at a tall triangular door.

Dawn shadows raise. Goblins leave the court yard in a sudden rush leaving a few hobgobins dressed in black robes standing and sitting around firepits.

Shake peers over the court yards dirt surface then lets head go limb so he can peer a the tower's entrance then he stares and stares and stares...

A group of goblins lead by the goblin wearing William's family armor walk from the tower entrance. The walk past. The lead goblins screaming and scretching.

Shakes picks apart the goblins screaming and scretching. ,,Kill the choosen one," and, ,,No charm for the great one," and, ,,We go to kill not protect."

Then the group passes and leaves through the wall.

The hot sun shines upon Shakes.

The feeling of being lifted and shaked flows over body. He pukes spewing pile from mouth. Dry heaves follow and cause chest to convulse. 

Shake spits and sways and tries to stable the shifting flow of balance in head. 

The world shifts and spins and turns up down.

Shakes eyeslids flutter then close...

BURNING PAIN. FEET HURT.

Darkness of dawn surrounds and.

Shake wiggles and kicks in the ropes that bind. 

A hobgoblin in robes holds a torch tip at shakes now bare feet.

Shake tries to scream or shout, but his dry throat only allows a hack and cough.

The black roped hobgoblins shrills laughter and walks away to stand around a fire pit. 

Shake looks at the three firepits burning flames. 

The firepits are circled by three or four hobgoblins wearing black robes.

Shake lifts head and grabs the wooden rod with hands and arms lift body close to pole. Shake lifts head and bites knott. Shake pull knott here and there with teeth. 
 
The knot becomes loose. 

Shake pulls and push hands against the loop of the tie.

Goblins begin to run into the court yard.

Shake goes limp. He hangs an looks at the distand entrance.

A procession of hobgoblins march into the court yard carrying a horse. Behind the horse walk tall humiod creature more errect than hobgoblins.

The torch light flickers over the bodies and faces of the humoids illuminating.

,,WIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM!" Shake hollars.

,,Shake?" say William. He stops, releases Myst's hand, steps between scattering gobilns the peers into the darkness. "SHAKE," hollars William.

,,YES!" shouts Shake.

William wades through scattering goblins and runs from goblins and by firepits.

Spear runs after William.

The run to a shade in the darkness. 

Shakes trembling hands hold pole and lift his body. His teeth pull free the knott.

William pulls pulls knife from sheath and stops by pole cutting ropes. He looks at Shake. ,,My friend you are alive!"

Shake nods and pulls rope from knott. 

The ropes loosen around wrists. 

Shake pulls holds onto pool and pulls  apart the rope band between wrists. ,,William!" He stresses.

,,Shake," sayes William. His dagger cuts the ropes.

Shakes feet fall.

Shake falls. 

A poof of ash clouds.

William and Spear sneeze.

Shake rolls from the dust and stands behinds. His stance sways and he step back and slumps. 

Spear grabs Shakes shoulder and steadies Shake.

,,I was near a fire food," says Shake. The words pass dry and rough from mouth.

Goblins walk around the trio. They grab and pull  Williams hanging chainmail and plat armor toward the granite path and Buckey's body.

Shake kicks goblins with a foot tremmoring when still, but hitting true when kick goblin legs. ,,GET OFF RAT!" Shake kicks, sways and falls. 

Spear grabs Shake. ,,William is their king."

Shake twists and turns away from Spear's grasp. He grabs a gobins and pulls it to the ground and pound it's body with his first. ,,MY FRIEND, MY FRIEND..."

,,SHAKE!" Commands William. "STOP."

Shakes pushes goblin,  stands and stumbles back away from William. He points at william. ,,ALWAYS AGAINST ME!" Shakes stumbles and turns away. He begins to run into the night. 

Spear grabs Shakes trembling shoulders.

,,LET GO!" says Shake. Drips of sweat drop from his face.

The goblins begin to pull out knifes and swords and surround Spear and Shake.

Shake screams and slips from Spear's grip.

Spear swings fist at back of Shakes head. Spear's fist punches Shakes head.

Shakes falls to the gound.

,,Spear!" Willam steps between Spear and Shake. 

Spear steps back and steps on a goblins foot.

The goblin squeals. 

William bends and lowers. He grabs Shake and throws him over shoulder.

Spear shrugs. ,,Too much chaos in that one."

William walks past. ,,Yes, brother. But one who is as close to me as family."

Spear shrugs and walks with William. The walk through the night with the goblins and to the torch lite path leading to an entrance of the tower.

,,Is he alive?" says Myst. She lifts Shake's head. "Water and prayer. What happened?"

,,He was acting crazy," says Spear.

The brown robed hobgoblins stand from sitting around the fire pit. 

Goblins cling and push at William. 

Buckey begins to move. The goblins holding buckey up tip Buckey left to right then walk Buckey forward. 

Brown robed hobgoblins gather around the group. They push back some of the hobgoblins. Then they begin kicking the goblins away growling and snarling and spitting.

Buckey falls to the ground. The goblins spread and run around the firepits and through the court yard and the walls opening.

Flame torches flicker casting shadows over the hood's of the brown robes. The stand still One wearing a red sash steps to William and bows. The hobgobin points to self. ,,Cat'Ica." The hobgoblin point to a narrow opening. "We will enter," it says with a course voice.

Kirra looks at William. William looks at Kirra.

,,No," says William, "As King I demand what ever is in there come to me." 

Spear folds his arms and settles chest.

Kirra grips and holds to side her sword and dagger.

Jan stands and stares.

The red sash hobgoblin laughs. It lifts a hand and makes a fist.

Ten glowing spheres hovering around the tower swoop and circle above the fist of the hobgoblin. The glowing spheres cast light on its hood. 

A sharp tooth hobgoblin face appears from the hood's shadow.

,,King of the Goblins," laughs Cat'Ica. Cat'Ica spreads hands.

The glowing sphere's widen their orbit and orbit arond the group.

William pivots head side to side.

Minst sprinkles flour, stares at the tower, says while waving hand before tower. Minst see a soft purple magic hue from base to tip of tower.  Minst sees a light blue magic hue shine around the brown robes of hobgoblins. ,,There is magical all around." He glances at Myst while saying, "It even towers us."

Myst nods.

Cat'Ica turns and walks toward the tower. He waves an arm toward the tower. ,,Come, Goblin King, let me show you your new home." Cat'Ica barks and growls.

Goblins horde around Buckey and lift Buckey from the ground.

William looks at Myst the Spear. He shifts Shakes limb body hanging over shoulder.

Myst shakes head. 

,,My sense it to stay away from that tower," says Spear. "But I feel it is the only way."

Jan steps by William. 

Kirra looks at Jan then Spear then Cat'Ica's back. ,,Cat'Ica, here's the shaman?"

,,Iniside the shaman's tower," says Cat'Ica. Cat'Ica walks toward to the very tall triangle   as wide as three tree trunks at base that narrows to a peak a tree height to top of very tall triangle entrance.

The goblins carrying Buckey follow Cat'Ica.

,,If Shake was wake he'd be screaming about a trap," says Spear.

William nods and follows Buckey. 

Spear smiles and walks with William. "You sure know how to have fun."

Myst grips the handle of mace. ,,Reighn, you may find this amusing. I know your humor. This is humor, but I don't know the punch line.?"

Jan walks by Myst and before Kirra.

Kirra peers at each of the brown robed hobgoblins.

The brown robed hobgoblins walk beyond the light of torcesh. Their arm and hands are barried deep into their pockets. Their hoods drawn tight hiding faces. Scorges hand from robes wrapped around waists. 

They walk along the granit road between the torches to the door.

The tow looms. The thin rope woven between the cypres logs reveal their smooth silk braids. The glowing globes float steady above. 

The goblins carrying Buckey stop. Other goblins stop and step back from the granit trail and the torches hidding in the dusk near night.

Cat'Ica turns and barks, ,,THG LI'K'OH!"

The goblins carry Buckey lurch forward and sway. 

"...Healing and health. ...Yes...My friend. ...I have health when I know your blessing spreads the warmth of you soul and the wisdomof your mind...Thank..." mummbles Myst.

Minst grabs a small bag of bat guano. He sees the light purple hue deeped to a voilet red near the doors.

Kirra steps away from the group near the brown robbed hobgoblins.

Spear glances at Kirra and falls a few steps behind William and away from Kirra. He watches a couple of brown robed hobgoblins grab and pull scourges from rope belts.

Cat'Ica stops before a flat wall blocking an entrance. ,,GV'Ji'Un''

The flat wall blocking the entrance blows with breeze. 

Cat'Ica pulls back a the blanket door spaning from the top of the very tall door to the bottom. ,,Thg li'K'Oh." He pulls and pulls. Four other brown robed hobgoblins help Cat'Ica pull back the very wide blanket.

Hobgoblins carrying Buckey walk into a darkness stopping all light from entering or exiting.

William, Shake, Spear, Myst, Kirra, Jan and Minst step into darkness.



