
Half circle tables with half circle hole in center press against wall. Black clad beings sit in half center with back againt wall. They deal cards, pick up dice, collect bones on tables left and right along the wall of the wide hall.

Ogres, orcs, humans, elves, dwarfs and those halflings sit and stand, pacehop around table. They cheer, clap, shout and shake fists with the turn of the card, the roll of the dice, the throw of the bones. 

Black clad being walk between tables and players holding trays with flutes and mugs setting them by players. 

Shake walks between the peole and tables. 

Pouches, sacks and packs hang loose from hip and shoulder. Silk scarfs, leather gloves, gold chains, silver candle sticks lay open for eyes to see.Sparkles and shines glimmer the light from the golden spheres. Ivory scroll adroned with gold lids stick from statchel. 

A glimmering gold chain hans from pants pocket of an ogre to its belt, a leather belt etched with images of sunbeams. 

Shake light steps out of path of a black clad being wheeling a silver cart with a turkey and patoteos and a pudding. His eyes follow the cart and lead feet to follow. He walks behind tray, by two people holding pouches full of coins. The cart splits the crowd leaving him behind. People crowd. 

A tray with pork, chicken, tomatoes, carrots, potatoes rest on top of table between to half circle game tables. A group of wearing matching  knife scabbards stand in a circle around the tray. The eat and talk. 

Shake stands by the group, grabs a chicken leg and some carrots walks away. He steps a few steps then eats the chicken.

He stands by a table between a human female dressed in leather spotted with metal studs and male dwarf wearing a chainmail shirt and a leather stapp around neck. Shake eats his chicken wing and watches the throw of the dice. 

The dwarf next to Shake picks up two twenty sided dice, shake fist with dice and tosse the dice. 

Shake lowers chicken leg bone ripped of flesh. He drops the chicken bone by the foot of the dwarf.

The dwarf lifts heel and leans over table to pick up the dice.

Shakes foot slides the chick bone under the dwarf's heel.

The dwarf lowers hells. His body shakes for balance, finds balance and tips back. He bumps a few people.

People look at the dwarf. 

Shake slides two gold coins from the humans stack and steps away from the dwarf. Then places a hand on the dwarfs back says, ,,You alright."

The dward nods, kneels and picks up a chicken bone.

The dice roll a fifteen and one.

The dwarf toses the bone at the dealer, ,,I WANT A REROLL."

Shake walks from table with a group of humaniods. He throws a hand around the shoulders of a halfling, ,,My friends," he says. "Where can I get a drink."

The haflings soft voice says as he points, ,,The bar."

Beyond an oak teleport junction, a bar bisecting wide hall is filled with people standing, leaning sitting by. People raise drinks for taosts, to mouth, to the bar to the keep behinds. Orders are shouted and slid along table. 

Shake walks over the teleport node and along the bar. He slides arm from hafling, and says above the talk, shouts and bounding on bar top. ,,A DRINK, MY FRIENDS!"

The hafling pivots head side to side and walk with four others along the bar.

Shake follows the hafling and looks along the bar until he sees Minst and Jan standing behind Kirra shouting at a bar tender and surrounded by a group of black clad beings.





