
Darkness deepens a cold spreading around bodies. Darkness feels to seep through close and skins. Darkness feels to stop motion and time.

,,HELLO," says a loud voice Minst. 

Minst, ,,Hello," echoes.

Then heat spreads.

Then light. 

Small bright white spheres float along the woll from top to bottom of a cylinder room as tall at the tree lenght wall. Light shines around largebeams spanning from ceiling to floor. Light spheres shine around a spiral staircase from the ceiling to floor.

The spiral staircase circles a tree pole. It's wooden steps painted red. The rails painted black leading to the floor of rugs.

The floor of rugs span from center to edge surrounding each pole. Rugs of cotton, silk, bamboo, wool rugs lay oover the other. Their colors are deep and dark to shallow and light. Patterns clash and cross.

The carpets spread under the scattered collections of chairs and tables of wood and Iron placed around the carpets scattered near or around round, rectangle and square tables. 

A fire pit twice as wide as a full grown trees fills space near the spiral starecase. A large iron pot rests inside. 

Buckey and the goblins carrying Buckey stop. The goblins walk and jog from Buckey.

William stares at the trail of blood following Buckey. He peers behind

Cat'Ica and fifteen brown robe hobgoblins step from the darkness covering the exit like wall. Cat'Ica says, ,,GV'Ji'Un'' 

A shimmer of light spreads from bottom to top of the dark exit. 

William kneels and lays Shake upon the ground. ,,Where's your shaman?" says William. He pivots and walk straight to Cat'Ica.

A crowd of brown robed hobgobins step between William and Cat'Ica.

The goblins once carrying Buckey run to the walls and follow them to the dark exit. The first goblins hit the dark exit falling back and to the ground. The rest slow their rush to the exit and hit the dark space.

Spear turns and steps back toward the fire pit. He steps past Buckey.

,,Yes, thank you. Thank you..." Myst says. He kneels by Shake. "Blessed is the one who feels you wave." She lays a palm on Shake's forehead. Her hand warms and cools. 

Shakes lays breathing a slow and steady. 

Kirra steps near a pillar.

William tries to push past the group of hobgoblins then is pushed back.

,,What is the need for such a magical place?" says Minst stepping toward William.

Jan stands still starring at the spiral case.

A low grumbling laugh erupts from Cat'Ica. ,,You are in no position to make any demands."

,,I'm the king," says William. 

,,Of the goblins," says Cat'Ica, "Only because I will you to be seen as the king."

,,Cat'Ica is the shaman," says Jan. Her back still turned and looking from wooden pillar to wooden pillar. 

Glyphs circle the pillars from bottom to top. 

The goblins clutter the opening and pound on darkness. A few break from group and run to four other dark exits where they stand and bound upon the wall. 

,,The shaman I am," says Cat'Ica. Cat'Ica snaps fingers.

William, Myst, Minst, Jan, Kirra feeze. William stands with sword pointing at Cat'Ica with eyes blining. Myst squats by Shake with hand on his forehead. Minst stands still with hand opening the small bag of guano. Jan, standing still, remains. Kirra pauses with sword and knife hanging at sides and head peering at a group of goblins scrambling around the pillar.

The goblins scatter around the pillar and to another dark exit. Then run into and kick and punch the dark entrance.

Spear rushes past William. He pushes asid one, two, three brown robed hobgoblins. He raises his sword and swings at the head of the Cat'Ica.

The sword cuts through cloak and neck.

Cat'Ica's head and hood spins a few rotations hit the ground. Blood splatters from head. Blood sprays from neck. Cat'Ica's body falls to the ground.

Hobgoblin laughter fills the large chamber. 

The head and body of Cat'Ica faded. The blood and robe disappear.

The brown robed hobgoblins shimmer and shift and vanish.

,,Good," says Cat'Ica. Cat'Ica's voice fills the chamber as a whisper.

Spear pivots. 

William, Myst, Minst, Jan, Kirra are frozen sans their inhaling and exhaling chests, eyelids and roaming pupils.

,,COWARD!" hollars Spear. He raises his bastard sword high in air. "FACE ME LIKE A WARRIOR!"

The goblins standing arond the four dark exits run from the distant dark exits toward Spears.

Spear spins and blindly slashes sword. 

The sword slices through two goblins leaping at Spear.

Goblins ram bodies into Spear's legs. Goblins step on the  goblins pushing agians Spear's legs and grab on Spear's chest, arms and head. Goblins leap and slam bodies into the golbins covering Spear.

Spear falls. He tosses off three goblins only to have the free side of body covered by four more. He looks across the room. 

Goblins gather in the center around the big pot and fire pit then run as agroup toward Buckey;s body, William, Jan, Myst, Minst, Kirra and Spear. They pull rugs from the ground and begin wrapping the rugs around each companion. 

Spear roars from chest to soul to fill the chamber. He pushes up and thows away the goblins leaving his sword on the ground.

A knifes stabs deep into his thigh. 

Spear stumbles, leaps and slams shoulder agains dark door. He hits bounces and lands on the goblins. 

They punch Spear from toe to head tip. 

Goblins pulls Jan Myst, Minst and Kirra to the ground and pulls each limb to parrallel body. Then each is rolled up in three or for rugs until they are tied arond the neck, the waist and anglkes with ropes. Then roll them to a row.

Goblins step and jump from Spears motionless body. Then roll his body in three rugs and tie the ends.

Williams stands staring. His sword points without waver. His minds tries to push his will to move forward to move arm to move finger to move toe, but still William stands frozen watching the Goblins tie up his companions and beat Spear.

The goblins gather near a dark exit. 

The dark exits shimmers and flashs. ,,H'Io'Lumi. KI!"

The goblins run from the dark exit to the rolled up companions. Six goblins roll a companion out the dark exits. 

The dark exits shimmers then flashes.

William stands alone.

