,,I wonder if they have a component shop?'' says Minst.

Myst slows and stopps tap on drum top. She lays then sits on bed. ,,I would enjoy walking the town to see the people and hear their song, but...''

Minst closes his spell book. ,,William. Always William. What is it with William?''

,,He's...'' Myst lets her words trail and focus hone upon the song of Reighn in her mind.

Minst slides spell book through folds of armor. ,,He's dream and like a statue. But he's too nice which gives the feeling his rude acts are intentionaly cruel, which.'' Minst slides packet components into the belt.

,,I would like to use a seat to poop,'' says Myst.

,,Food,'' says Minst. His stare sees through three dimensional shapes spanning from natural lines around the room. The reliefes tell a story about the shake of the fireball runes.

Myst grabs the Star of Reighn and lets the Star of Reighn hang outside the cloak. She grabs her pack. ,,I don't want to go with William.''

,,Food, a drink?'' say Minst.

,,Money,'' says Myst as she stands.

Minst stands and grabs pack and puts hand on dagger and scabbard. He sees Shake's carafe.

,,Wine,'' says Minst.

Myst smiles and walks to grab Shake's flask. ,,I'll wash it first.''

They walk from the room. Minst closes the door, says, ,,What did you think of Guile?''

,,Rude,'' says Myst.

They walk the stairs.

Guile doesn't hear the Myst call him rude because he is down the stairs, sitting at bar letting the echoes of thoughts once read talk in mind creating a play of the people in his own mind. He sits across Kirra with back to the table benches and doesn't see Kirra or hear the talk or smell the thick oak smoke covering the room.

Kirra stands walks thruogh warriors and past seats sitting before raised tables with cards spread over top. She walks between people talking to follow Iza into the room. She stands behind Iza as walks to Spear and Shake and William.

,,Coal said to me to you wished to shop,'' says Iza.

Wiliam shrugs and lets head rock back and forth. ,,We would like to find food and supplies for travel.''

,,I will take you to Jake's. He's got dried foods for travel. There's a leather store near edge of town. He looks up. I'll...'' Iza looks at all. ''Follow me.''

Iza steps and leads Spear, Shake, William through the benchtables, the doors, over the wooden walkways to the people and mud people. Tables, mats, shanty boots display roots, cooked rat, edibale bails of leaves, fortunes, magic and components. 

,,We can find our food with the vendors,'' says William.

Iza says with loud flat tone without looking back. ,,This place is better. Food cleaner. Local.''

Spear, William and Shake follow Iza.

Kirra follows along the walkway keeping eye on the small pack and watching for goblins and darkclad beings.

As Kirra walks through the door, Myst and and Minst walk from stairs and stand at the bottom of the stairs.

Jan lets go of body and spreads through Myst, Minst, Kirra, people, roots, grass, trees...

Myst sees Guile and walks for him.

,,Are we?'' says Minst looking around the room.

Guile sits and stiffs snot around the holes of nose.

Myst walks to Guile's back and says, ,,Guile, I am Myst.''

Guile sits at bar and and hear's Myst.

Guile turns and looks at Myst.

''This is Minst,'' says Myst.

Minst says, ,,Is there a place where I may urinate?''

Guile points to the two waterclosets.

,,Thanks,'' says Minst. He takes the carafe from Myst's glasp as Myst looks out the window.

Myst watches Kirra walk along the wooden walk way and the heads of Wiliam and Spear flow with the people outside.

Spear, Shake and William follow Iza. 

Iza leads the pack looking between the people covered in rages, mudded furs, flies, mud. 

Black toothed grins and eye patch looks flash and glance at Iza.

A person with rag glove covered hand raises a fist and shouts. ,,EAT OUT POOP!''

The walk through camps and standing groups each a person or persons who stare at the group.

Spear, Shake and Kirra follow as ice turns to mud and as Kirra watches.

Kirra follows behind letting Spear's head guide through the crowd. She walks the wooden walkway letting stares and peers of people leaning on wooden rails and bench stare their wandering eye to look away. She follows Spear's hear to a store with boarded windows and door. She watches Iza step to wooden walkway then to a door between the windows covered with boards. Kirra steps to the rail and leans. She glances along the rows of buildings and the people not seeing the roof top of Coal's, but feeling a sense of Jan.

Jan still spans, but is spread thin to feel Kirra as a single in the mass of animal energy walk with the plants.

All energy object feel to radiat and be felt warm and cold, hot and freezing with life and death unitl a void spans beyon jan's force toward Set and hits a rock hard wall near Blue's canyon. 

The void spreads set leaving Jan's force to begin the slips from the animals and plants into the void while her body lay on the roof Coal's place.

At the bar of Coal's place, Myst sits next to Guile and stares at the poker players stare at the table top. Minst pees in bowl and walk from the water closet to sit next to Myst. Guile sniffs, and says as bartender passes. ,,Food plate.''

The bartender nods. 

Minst sits and says, ,,I need some water to clean the top of the carafe.'' 

The bartender walks pasts.

They sit and stare until a plate of food is set before Guile.

,,Can I have some water?'' says Minst.

,,Water,'' says Guile with a mouth full off food.

,,,What are you eating?'' says Minst.

,,Food,'' says Guile. And Guile eats.

The bartender walks past.

,,Food plate,'' says Minst.

Bartender nods.

Myst leans slight and says to Minst, ,,Minst we...''

Minst takes a sip from the carafe and hands it to Myst.

Myst drinks from carafe tasting the smoke oak wine feel fuzz through body and warm...

,,I wonder where Shake is?'' says Minst.

...Shake steps behind Iza looking through the crowd and at the people around for blacktight suits around the cuffs and faces. ,,What's this?''

,,Dried meat. roots, nuts,'' say Iza flat and plain not looking back. 

Spear stands.. ,,I will remain here.'' He steps the stairs an leans against a wall betweeen the door and a boarded window.

William makes a first.

Iza knocks on the door. 

A fly buzzes Shake, and Shake swats.

A few people cough near, and one says loud, ,,EAT OUR POOP!''

The door opens. A shadows stands beyond the morning light shinning between the thin gap.

,,I have two customers,'' says Iza. 

There is a pause then the door opens long enough for Iza, Shake and William to enter.

Spear watch with a side peers as he leans agains building wall. His back open to the empty alley and body faces the rising sun and the crowd. 

Sun shines through the space between the boards in the the building.

The sunshines on Jan as she lays on top of Coal's. She feels her mass becoming light as the energy is pulled into a void the spreads through the valley. She feels to shine with the sun an shine upon dead and dying trees, trampled plants, killed deeer, mice, worms, crickets and humans, elves and dwarves. No sight is seen, but it is felt as Jan span beyond the care for a body for the body cares about it self and Jan wants to feel all then nothing as some one says loud, ,,YOU SPEED'S FRIEND.''

A figure castes as a sihlouette a short and stout being radiating in the low sun light.

The sun light that shines through the side window facing wane. The light twinkles from the windows and castes shadows of Guile, Myst and Minst.

Guile eats his food and drinks water.

A plate of brough for Minst and is set upon the bar.

,,A copper,'' says the bartender. She takes a towel tucked to waist and wipes heads letting stare settle on Minst.

,,I don't have a copper,'' says Minst. ''My friend Shake, I mean Speed does.'' Minst points to the hearth. ''Speed.''

The bartender grabs the plate and walks away. 

Guile looks at Minst watch the plate of steaming food flow away. ,,I have a copper,'' says Guile.

The bartender stops, turns and slide plate over bar.

Minst lean forward and looks at Guile. ,,Thank you,'' says Minst with a smile.

Guile sniffs, burps and nods. He licks his greasy fingers.

,,Hungry, Myst?'' says Minst as fingers scoop a pile of scrambled eggs.

Myst grabs bread and eats...

Minst eats...

Guile sits and stares at shodows on the wall feeling the heat of the sun ray upon his back contrast against the cold and smoke.

The sunshines through the boards nailed over the windows into a dim darkness that castes only sihlouettes. Beef, blood and dirt musk
fills rooms. Wisps of smoke float through the beams of sun shine. The sunshines around William and Shake and Iza.

,,We are in need of food,'' says Iza with little emotion.

,,Food,'' says the voice coming from the sihlouette standing away from the beams. ''Money?''

,,We,'' says William before Shake interupts with, ,,We have it near.''

,,Need to see money?'' says the man. ''And no weapons.''

Shake pulls the copper and silver from pocket and holds his palm under light.

,,That's money,'' says the voice. ''Now your weapons.''

,,Sir, my name is Wiliam Westmore.'' William steps and stands tall. ''I promise on my family armor we will not steal or arm that which is not ours. WE only need food for our journey. We have no reason nor needs to take what we can't pay for?''

,,Westmore!'' says the man. ''Don't make shut a jokers mouth.''

William clenches guantlet fist and raises it.

,,William,'' louds talks Shake stepping between the fist and the person in the shadows. ''Will wait outside.'' Shake pulls out his dagger and gives it to William. ''I will go.''

William lowers fist and slams open the door sending a startle through the people surround. He steps back peering into the shadows.

Spear pulls and holds his war hammer and looks along the alley.

Kirra steps to street and pulls out knife and shortsword.

The alley is empty.

,,William,'' says Spear.

Wiliam feels the chill and watches the door shut.

,,Shake?'' says Spear.

Shake stand behind Iza.

Iza stand as a door opens.

Bright light castes around three being. The light blinds Shake's sight like the sunlight in Jan's eyes.

Jan sits on the roof of Coal's and asks of the sihlouette before her, ,,Who are you?'' She peers through a squint the stands with staff in hand.

,,The voice who leads you to here,'' says the voice. ''The energy that gives and takes as it spreads.''

Jan stands and stares. ,,The mother.''

The sihlouette remains a shadow. It reaches and touchs Jan's forehead. ,,I am becoming Blue. I am becoming Grintal. I am becoming Treal. I am becoming you.''

,,Where are you?'' says Jan.

,,No where,'' says the voice. 

The voice that remains as Jan wakes. She lays as she laid before she dreamed of the shadow being. Jan lays and watching a cloud pass above.

The cloud passes but shines no shadow on those inside the Coal's. 

Minst, Myst and Guile sit at the bar and watch and listen. 

Gaufs and shouts come from the card tables. Laughter and snort with a few coughs mix around the mumbles of people standing and sitting side to side squeezing the sweat and smoke smell to a scent of everything. 

The people stand and sit shoulder to shoulder then begin to jostle and roam for the door leaving for the instersection lite with the rising sun.

Guile finishes another plate of food with Myst and Minst eat one plate of food.

Coal holds a jug  of water and stand behind the bar. ,,Friends of Speed.'' He says loud. He extends arm. ,,Coal.''

Minst shrugs and wipes egg stained hand on his leg then grabs Guile's forearm. ,,Minst.'' He nods toward Myst. ''This is Myst.''

Coal nods. ,,A pleasure. Is there anything I can get the friends of Shake to make their time pass with ease.''

,,Do you have information about a tapestry that we found upstairs?'' says Minst.

,,I know all about the tapestries and scense in the building, and you being friends of Speed, I tell you what I know,'' says Coal about the time six wearing black bodysuits and dirty furs stand in candle lit room before Shake.

Sunlight shines through thins wood cracks on Iza.

Iza stands and stares at six wearing black bodysuits a black clad being wearing not the black bodysuit like the six being, but human wears a suit from Branching. 

,,I've been shopped,'' says Shake.
