The pack stands in near perfect circle by a fire inside a ring of wagons and tents full of people once dancing, clapping and singing now looking, starring and peering at the pack. 

The firelight castes dancing shadows over the faces of the people and the pack as they stand still against a cold breeze freezing.

A woman sitting on log with flute and face round with hairless head hold a flute near lips. She blows a warming tune. She lower flute to say, ,,A cleric of Reighn will you play.''

Myst taps drum with thumb creating a light tap.

The man with guitar and two kids with cymbals clap.

Myst hums, and  William sets tone of thins harp sting.

A few people around the fire sings to be. 

The two people in the showdows give drum tops a slap.

The flame light flickers for all to see a song that spreads between person and person from ear to mouth to mind to soul for a hope thrown to the sky above. 

The song does not shove but fits each being like a tailored glove warming each finger and the hand. The song spreads from man to child to woman. The song slaps, claps and taps on wood and rock with sticks. 

Shake lets is low throat talk speak word less songs. The fire flame grow long to the dark sky above.

Warmth, snuggling, strength fortifies and spreads the love.

Guile's lungs feel calm and soothed as the cold air warms and frees.

Spear likes the toon and feels a sense of comfort and family and thought of living with family and familes during past come to mind fast taking him away to distant lands.

Kirra hears the song, but feels only the comfort of the group while the mob and actor troupe is somewhere through the darkness. Her hands guide dagger and short sword to sheaths as she takes her leave from the singing circle.

The group does part, and watches Kirra depart to the edge of the campsight ring.

The people to sing and dance. 

Shake begins to move like a prance.

People watch and smile at Shake with is jesture gestures, and Jan sees the chance to part the fire and the people and walk to the edge and watch the clouds gatherer above, feel the wind blow and stand next to Kirra while the song plays.

The song plays the length of a logs burns until yawns calm the sounds to settle like the cold breeze blow warm through the group.

As the tune strike. Jan and Kirra see the other with distant fire light. And Jan smiles with a slight fright as she pluck as sliver from Kirra's face with her might.

Kirra face fails to twitch, but pain strikes a cord with the song like a plucked guitar strink, quick and soft.

One by one Jan pulls the slivers of arrow from Kirra's face. And one by one the guitar string pluke and strum to Mysts thumb tap over drum.

A thump and a pluck and a pump and a tap and a bump.

Myst and William complete the song with sounds of hum and maon the ends low then blows with the breeze.

All smile with firelight. A few lightly clap with Minst, Spear, Shake, Myst and William as dusk darkens to night.

The the clapping staps, and the pluck and strum of guitar stops with the pluck of slivers from Kirra's face.

The fire flickers and casts to light the near fright of Kirra's face.

Kirra's face is swollen black, red, blue, purple. She sees through slits of swollen cheek and brow and eye socket. 

Jan finds the salve and spreads its soothing cool over Kirra's face burning with pain and pumping with heart.

The sound and silence parts and sound fades away. 

The people stand from rocks and stumps of wood and pulls sheets and coats and furs around bodies. The smile and nod. They walk from the fire with hugs and stares. They walk past Kirra and Jan to the tens and wagons that surround. The kids enter a large tent in the center near the fire.

The woman with round face and flute stands to height near William stands from rock and says, ,,I sing the song of Reighn before I bed and when I wake. The song is what I sing.''

,,I listen when I wake. The song is what I hear,'' says Myst.

Myst and the woman smiles. 

The woman steps by fire and to Myst. She puts hand to throat then hand to her chest. Her hand grips an amulet under robe, coat. 

Myst feels her Star of Reighn humm like a tuning fork. 

The woman bows head then looks at Myst and says, ,,Earlen.''

,,Earlen,'' says Shake. ''Earlen?''

,,Earlen,'' says Myst with a stare into Earlens eyes. A darkness that flighers a bright firelight and song light sees to Myst. The wine fuzz fizzles from Myst's mind as her body is lost in the tuning of Reighn.

The man with the guitar still sits on rock near firepit. The red of the coals caste to the feet and legs of the man. He stands and bows and says, ,,And I am Rex.''

,,Are you of Reighn?'' says Minst.

William extends forearm toward Rex, ,,Rex, I am William Westmore.''

Rex feighns another bow toward William, says, ,,A voice you have. And a calling of Reighn you must be.'' He stands and rights body to look at Myst. ''I am not of Reighn, but I sing for Reighn and lite the radiating star guide may ear through the darkenss of night.'' 

Minst smiles and feigns a bow.

William lowers forearm to side.

There is silence for a few flickers of fire light.

The Earlen's soft and soothing voice speaks calming the shiver through the pack and the shrill of pain through Kirra's face before the salve begins to cool.

Earlen says, ,,It would be our honor if you share our fire for you and your gathering to heat.'' Earlen lowers eyes and stares at the ground. ''Please for Reigns Songs feast take from our food pot for you and your gathering to eat.''

Myst lowers her head and stares at the feet of the Earlen. ,,You humble me with your song and sing why Reighn illuminates from you.''

Earlen and Myst raise heads and stare.

Myst says, ,,We have only to give. We have food to share and tales to tell if there is an ear for story then we will leave during the morning. We only ask if you will show what is known of the plains set.''

Reighn bows and steps back. ,,We the meek will help you with what you seek.''

The coal light castes the red glows. The night wind blows. The warm of the song cools.

,,I have some bacon,'' says Shake. He pulls the chunk of bacon from the Branching Armor.

William says, ,,We have food to give for the heat of the fire.''

Myst looks at William, and William feels the warmth.

Guile sniffs and looks through the camp as Spear looks beyond the camp.

The camp is the size of a small pond at the corner of a field of fields filled with spots of lantern, torch and firelights. Soft songs and some loud talk speak with the wind that blows cold and a long tune of a freeze.

Dark shapes flow over the spots of starlight above and cover the moon light.

The dark's puts a border of darkness around the camp ring.

The camp ring contains four covered wagons, three pack wagons, ten tents, three rectangle shack with four large wheels at the ends. Head side windows are above each wheel and illuminating yellow. The light illuminating forth shines upon painted yellow stars around the rolling shacks walls.

The ring circles leantos and tents for two to three people. A large tent nearly as big as a pavillion stand posted between fire and parameter or tents and wagons. 

A few snores sing songs of being sung while whispers tone around the tap.        

The fire pops. Embers explode.

Guile sniffs and clear phlegm from thoat and swallows. His lungs burn and mind finds no thought of order, energies and thoughts. His own thoughs near sleep. He yawns. Shake yawns and stretches. He feels a shiver and stands near the fire. He lets the Branching Armor unfurl before him as he looks at the threads.

The threads of the Branching Armor cause Minst to glance at the Branching Armor while look at Earlen. 

It feels the stare between Myst and Earlen last long. 

The sounds of night play in Myst minds. He taps her thumb on the drum to sound no highter than the whisper prayers. She feels a wamr and love like behind held in a parents arm when  baby. She feels to sit and does near the fire's edge. 

Earlen follows Myst's sit with a kneel. 

Spear does nothing feel put the cold and the hairless fresh spread over being. He glances at Shake's bacond and feels stomach growl. He feel thirsty. The need and feel to pee feels to be purge from sweat. He sits by fire and says, ,,Where does your friends come?'' Spear stares into the embers and hunches over. He continues on with talk before Earlen or Rex talk. ''We come from Westmore Canyon. We have lived with the dwarves under the mountain. We have fought and bled in the canoynd some call Blue's canyond, the canyon that opens Set of where I speak.'' He stares into the fire then back to William with a side glacne to Rex then the fire. He lets the sight and mind be soothed with the warming coals. ''We are travelling Set in search of a tower near the desert to solve a mystry or continue to hope for a myth that is becoming more real.''

A guitar strum and words are nearly sung from Rex. ,,The desert is through the goblin horde resting two days travel Set from where we sit.'' His words end.

Then the talk of Earlen says, ,,The path you seek is known best by the Yesmires now sleeping.'' She looks from Spear to Myst and says. ''The journey I have taken was from Wane past the canyon you call Westmore nearly being captured by the goblin hordes.'' She looks and smiles at Rex. ''The blessed Reighn seen me to Rex and a group of Reighn fleeing to the Wax from Gillard.''

,,Gillard,'' says Minst as he sits on rock by fire. He touchs the spine of spell book spine and pulls pack from back.

,,What of the cleric of the church?'' says Myst.

Rex says with no song after pause. ,,Killed. Murdered by people of the town for Reighn not stopping the goblins last season from leaving the moutnains. It was his death that had the singers of Reighn song.''

,,Is everyone here from Gillard?'' says Minst. He swings the pack with the disk and teh pack with the nuts and food from the canyon.

Rex and Earlen lower heads to look at ground.

,,No,'' says Rex. ''Four survived from the town. We found many along the way.''

,,Reighn will sing together,'' says Myst.

,,Her sound spread and finds,'' says Rex. He yawns.

Guile yawns and sniffs and grabs Shake's bacone. He coughs, ,,I cook the bacon.''

Shake smiles and release the bacon. ,,I will cut.'' He pauses and says looking at Earlen and Rex. ''Can I use the grate the pot is on?''

,,Let the heat of Reighn warm your food,'' says Rex with a smile. ''The smell of smoke will be a treat to eat with my nose.''

Minst holds the pouch of nuts and fruits to Rex then Earlen. ,,Would you like some nuts and dried fruit?"

,,What of the desert,'' says William.

,,A mystry to us,'' says Rex with a guitar strum of cords. The cords it a rythm and a nerve in William. Rex glances at William then smiles. ''The Yesmires.''

Shake puts the bacon on the side of the grill over fire. 

Bacon smoke blows and spreads.

Kirra's smells the bacon and feel hunger pains pound deeper than the stinks of face as Jan spreads the salve. 

Jan feel sick from the smell and no longer hunger. Her mind lost with Kirra's sight and touch. 

,,How you feel?'' says Kirra.

Jan spreads savlve over Kirra's forehead. ,,I feel sorrow against the void.''

Kirra nods and stares then sits with Jan with the others talk around the fire.

,,Have you any food we could buy,'' says Shake. ''We got a journey and not luck in getting food before leaving Lyno.''

,,Food,'' says Earlen. ''We have food. We have a stock. And for a cleric of Reighn guiding by Reighns song our food is yours.'' She looks from Rex to Myst. Myst glares at Shake.

William says, ,,No.'' He sets armor on the ground. He pulls apart the armor.

The armor clinks and clangs. 

William tosses the rolled Blue's Armor on top. ''Kids and women need food and warmth. Warriors and clerics need fasting and cold.''

Earlen smiles and tips head. ,,You've read Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

,,Carlos,'' says Shake with a sneer.

,,Yes, I have read his writing,'' says William with a smirk then a sigh.

,,I have pondeered if Carlos the Barded Dwarf is a follower of Reighn?'' says Rex.

,,Carlos is a believer in himself,'' says William. His guantlet hands clenches. ''How much time do we wait for bacon to cook?''

A billow of smoke rise from flames kissed with big fat.

Guile coughs and coughs then sits on ground holding the wool sheet tight around body.

''Longer the better. Bacon gets better with time,'' says Shake.

,,And the mind better with sleep,'' says Rex as he stands.

,,And the soul will better keep,'' says Earlen.

Earlen's smiles. She pulls cloak around shoulders. ,,Now my tune will be in tone with watching the night.''

Spear stands abrupt causing Rex pause.

,,I stand watch,'' says Spear. He opens eyes wide and flexes muscles.

Earline's smile gives a calm to Spear. ,,Rest. Remember. Relive.''

,,Then we will be,'' says Myst. ''You know your Lyrics of Reighn.''

Earline smiles. ,,Reighn has brought you to our chorus and created the chorus to be.'' She steps and walks from the light leaving the words. ''Sleep. Keep. Seep inot the dream. Beware life is not what it seems.''

Myst smiles, sits.

,,And  good night to you,'' says Rex. He bows low before Myst looking her in the eyes with a stare then a blink. ''If you need a duet then my ten will be lent.'' He stands and walks to a tent, glances at Myst efore bending and ducking inside.

William's side glares flares and follows Rex inside the tent then begins to clean and apply his armor.

And time passes in silence. Spear lays near fire with head on back and sleeps. Kirra and Jan eat nuts and roots seeing through that night and the cold. They bundle and hold,and sleep letting the talk around talk. William puts the Branching Armor over paded leather and unders chain mail then fixes plates to body before the body sleeps with in sitting position. Minst sleeps after checking his sling, spell book, the disk, the dagger, the scrolls and arrangement of components. Guile coughs himself to sleep until soothed with Myst's song. Myst sings tones and make light taps into the night.

Myst's song spreads warm and calm from the fire to and through the tents and wagons to the edge of the camp where Earlen and the other gaurds sit. Myst song continues through her sleep and until the morning sun rises.

It wakes Spear to morning night. He sees Rex sitting Sete with guitar on lap and face staring to Blue's Canyon.  He walks to the edge of camp andand kneels by Rex then  stares to the Set.

The song sings as Shake sits and watches the fire cook the bacon. The buzz in mind a slow vibrate that calm with Myst's song to sleep.

Shake sleeps with the camp, the mass of people spread through the fields and trees.

The cold wind blows warm through the camp. The warm wind sings to all of calm and hope. Feelings of hunger are feed. Feelings of pain are soothed.

Then Shake wakes sometime during the night after Guile coughs self awaake.

Guile's cough abides and nose dries of snot letting hims settle. His eyes see Shake stare at him. The gray shades show the night of Spear off in the distance. A calm talk behind. The cold freezes around.

Shake says and castes voice only to Guile. ,,Did you kill Laddin?''

Guile says, ,,Yes.''

They stare.

Then Shake closes eyes and sleeps.

Guile shivers and thinks and crips his Heart Dagger.

Then the song stops near morning time allowing the cold to blow through the camp.

William wakes with dream of need to assemble his armor with Blue's Armor like Spear. Then he wakes in armor and stands and kneels on parameter of camp near Spear. He wakes feeling presses and sore around seams of hide and the threads of Blue's armor.

As William takes his armor off.  Soft crashes sounds with Rex strumming guitar to carry the tune to calm.

Rex says, ,,Are you watching for some one?''

Spear looks to the armor and Blue's Armor and grabs William's shoulder piece of William's Armor

The pack sleeps around the fire until Myst sees in her dreams a bright stare shine and illuminate teh mind to wake.

And Myst lays and hears people beyond the tent parameter talk.

Before the sun rises, Jan feels Rise through the lands and feels more people than plants. She feels the people span through the forest and then the plains then masses and masses of  humaniod beings and dying plant life.

Jan feels trees and beings the she feels a force against push against and polarize Jan to her being. She wakes and sees the night.

Lights in tents shine and windows of wagon houses illuminated. Sihlouettes walk against the light. Two women carry twigs and a chunk of coal to the fire bit.

Jan sees the stumps of trees that serve as seats and tables arund the camp. She sees axes stock into roots. A stack of roots and a hole filled with cloth bundles. She smells the meat. She stares at the chopped roots near the fire by the tent.

A woman grabs the axe and walks to stack fo roots and rubs and squeeches each root, as large as Spear's thick thighs. The woman sets the root on ground and chops.

Shake wakes to burnt bacon smoke smoldering from campfire and guile snoring with Myst's song that stops when Myst awakens.

Myst continues her song watching William and Spear assemble William's armor with Blues Armor to strap tight around the plates and and chain mail to hold, protect and silence like Spear's Blue's Armor warpe and pulled over the Rose Warrior ARmor. She sits and sings and lets the song warm the people.

The people wake and leave the tents. The people lift buckets and pales and walk through the ring parameter through the camps and Set toward Lyno. People chop at the rood of a trees sump as round as a warriors' table. People walk to the fire and begin to blow and clear pot from grabe and toss Shake's beacon on to fire. The people not and look at Myst. Three people around the fire begin singing tones and make sooth song sounds with whistle or humm as they work.

Jan wakes with the sun and feels her mind rise and the light spreads.

The sun light shines from the blue to the Rise to the gray clouds flowing Set.

The clouds above gather and sink and settle above.

The breeze stops almost in an instant.

Cold flows and spreads, and Jan stands with staff and pack.

Spear shivers from the cold, and Kirra calms iwth the cold. Both see a large group walking from the Set through groups toward their field and camp.

,,William,'' says Spear.

William looks over the horizon as Kirra looks Set toward Lyno.

The mob of people walks between camps then along the ditch of the next field.

Rex strums guitar and plucks cords fast. ,,I that what you see for?'' He lets fingers strum all the cords fast then he slaps the guitar body.

,,Those are people who could bring harm to the camp.'' William stands and pulls on tighs ties of Blue's Armor over the chest plate.

Spear shrugs shoulders and jerks head back and stands. Kirra and he stare then they both walk to the center of the camp to the pack and the people.

The people look at Spear, Wiliam and Kirra and pause for a second while they, chop roots, pull meat from the hole, open a gran sack, arrange the fire.

Jan doesn't pause and grabs Kirra's bag and throw it to her.

,,Minst,'' says William. He looks at Shake then looks at Guile.

Shake nods and says, ,,Guile.''

Guile's eyes open. His chest calm and nose is clear of snot and mucus. His grips on Heart Dagger near painful. Body shivers.

''Guile,'' says Shake. He stands and grabs bundle of Branching Armor and begins to put the armor over his stained pants, whites shirt and muddy vest. His hair locks pull from mud ground.
 
,,Where are we going?'' says Guile.

,,I don't know,'' says Shake.

The look at the other before Guile sits from ground and nearly hits a woman tossing a root piece into fire.

Smoke furls and unfurls to the sky. 

The smoke stings Minst eyes, but it doesn't wake.

Minst wakes when Myst watches Spear, William and Kirra return from the camp parameter with faces foced and hands on hilts or holding weapons.

Spear holds his hammer and grabs his pack then pulls on the scabbard on back to feel it secure. ,,Ready to go. We go.'' He grabs pack and puts it over
back and the broad swords scabbard.

,,Minst?'' says William as William stands above and says, ''MINST.''

Minst sleeps seeing colors burst and twist and for shapes and objects that darkenw ith the morning and with William's voice then brightens with Myst voice.

,,Wake,'' says Myst, ''Minst we must wake.''

William grabs back and says, ,,The  mob of yesterday nears.''

,,How do they know were are here,'' says Minst.

,,The drum,'' says Shake. He sees the peer from Myst. ''Maybe the drum. Maybe because they have magic.'' Shake stands and kick through the camp. ''I don't want to know. the exact reason.'' Shake pushes hand through the mesh of Branchingaromor that feels to be shrinking and becoming tight aroundhis skinny frame. He pushes hand into pants pocket and touch the vial of Speed.

A buzz vibrates the sting in Myst's voice. ,, Maybe if you hadn't killed their friend?''

,,We need to go, now,'' says William.

,,No need spreading Shake's ways to these good people, '' says Myst.

The tone of her song and the harmony from it that sung in the minds of the people plays and clashes to an end.

People begin to slow their walk, kneed, chop and stir to look at the pack gathering at the center of camp.

The camp is in near a pause then Earlen walks from tent dressed in furs and ropes and gloves. 

Her star of Reighn hangs to show. 

The sun light shines and reflects from light as she walks to Myst.

People around only stare and frown, but do not dim the shine of hte smile of Earlen.

,,Morning brings the feeling to sing,'' say Earlen as she steps near Myst.

Myst peers at Shake then breaks the sight to look at the light feeling to shine from Earlen. ,,The morning sun sing bliss, but the gray above feels to cast the day.''

Earlen pauses her step near fire and waves away the bacon smoke. 

William speaks before Myst, ,,We need to speak with the Yesmires with due haste for our departure is needed to be near.'' 

Earlen looks at Myst.

Myst says, ,,It would be kindness shown.''

,,It will be kindness known,'' says Earlen.

Shake looks from Myst, William and Earlen to Guile. ,,Guile.''

Guile shivers and shakes and feels the freeze will break his body. He cups hands over mouth and exhales breath warming on the sking before it freezzes again. He sits and blinks eyes grabbing the wool sheet tight.

''Time to leave the mob,'' says Shake.

Guile nods and stands. His Heart Dagger is cripped. He stands and looks at fire.

The fire ash fluffs and puffs and causes a cough for Minst.

Minst coughs and cags and waves hand before face while touching spell book spine, putting back pack on back then holding sling in one hand and bullets in another. He touches the row of components in the belt. He coughs.

Earlen coughs and steps and walks to a distant pile of cloth.

Myst push on legs and toes and stretches tall and long. Her arms raise to touch the morning sun and feel the shine. Her mind quiet and near silent for all the chopping, sneezing, cutting, clipping and stepping. Near silent in mind, she lowers her arms. Her hand hits drum.

The drum booms, and the boom sounds from the camp.

The sounds sooths all around and those with frowns and stares continue their work and morning duties.

The sound carries from the camp.

At nearly the same time, Kirra, Spear and William look Set and see the mob.

They see the mob enough to notice their path along the ditches between fields turns to a path through camps toward their camp. They see arm and swords raise and point to the camp.

,,The Yesmires,'' says Spear.

,,I have an outline of a map,'' says Minst. 

Jan says, ,,The night the energy flowed through field and the land and felt the distant beings massing along a border near the desert.''

William looks from the mob to Jan. ,,And what the amount you feel you felt?''

Jan lets pause, ,,An amount grander than in Westmore Canyon.''

Minst squeeze fist around bullets and feels the freeze shiver throug body. ,,How wide an area? How many fields? Where? In a line.''

Jan grabs staff and looks at the camps to the Rise. ,,As many as wide and as many as the people was seen.''

,,Where's?'' says William then stops seeing Earlen and seeing the people around stare.

The people around walk and whisper and points. The talk and chatter spread. 

The camp begins to wake and more lights shine in the dim dawn.

The pack speaks with stares and gestures and gathers as the strap and step. They cast glares at Guile then Shake.

Guile's jaw chatters. He rubs arms adn with hands and stomps in place. Snot flows from Guile's nose and slows and cools on lip.

,,One needs the warmth of fur or hide,'' says low tone voice like the bass of drum.

The voice awakens the attention of the pack as the pulls strabs, ties and strings of cloths, packs, scabbard and sheaths. The watch and see. Three walk behind Earlen. Their eyes and sight leads them to Myst. The three lowers head and step to Myst. The one with bass voice says, ,,You make our day gay.''

,,May the music we play,'' says Myst.

,,May we go?'' says Shake. He slaps Guile's shoulder.

Guile hides hand under palms letting the wool sheet fall to ground. Guile feels a freeze spread over sweat coated skin beneath the thin hide tunic and cotton cloths.

Shake sees with William and Spear the mob near at the far edge of the field.

The muscles women with black braided hard lead the mob. 

''Go?'' says Shake.

,,Leave,'' says Myst. 

,,After your friend has a coat for a winter's journey,'' says bass voice man. He bows before Myst. ''Winel Yesmires. I come from the forest near the desert. I hear you seek the path the the tower.''

Shake pulls a gold from pouch. ,,Waterdown gold. A coat and food. We'll be off.''

Kirra and Jan walk to Raise and stares. 

Spear follows with hammer gripped in hand. 

Men and women with clubs and maces stand near Kirra, Jan and Spear.

People of the camp stop work and watch the pack and the mob jog around camps and fires.

The mop nears. One of the mob shouts. ,,THERE!''

The shout is hear like a whisper. 

,,Stand and fight. Or take flight,'' says William staring and Myst.

As Myst stays to Winel. ,,We search for a tower near the desert. We need to see and go where it be? We have hope of Reighn to find thsi location?''

As Myst Speaks. Shake shows the Waterdown gold.

Kids stepping from tent run to Shake and stare. Two men and a women step holding a thick coat of fir that is longer than Guile. 

As the Shake shows the Gold, Minst stands and runs hands then sees the mob.

The mob splits and runs around camps.

Then Winel says. ,,I have a map of the desert but nothing else. I have seen the tower you speak. If you lead your gathering Set you will find the desert. The follow the desert edge Wane and you will find the tower.

Spear raises hammer then steps Set with Kirra and Jan. William steps from Myst and between to carrying wet root to the campfire's side.

,,Myst,'' says Jan.

Guile stares at the nearing mop and hears Jan and walks grabs the wool sheet from the ground. His shiving body near numb and mind racing and pacing a maze from the camp that surrounds. He sees the lines and angles away. He steps and stumples over stumps and stacks of wood while walking to William, Jan, Spear and Kirra. He bumps Minst, says, ,,I...''

Minst catches Guile. 

The bag carryhing disk falls to bend in Minst's arm. 

Minst looks at Myst and open eyes wide. ,,Shall we part?''

Myst glances at Minst as he and Guile step past. Boths shuffle and drips over rock and tree.

Shake holds hold from the kids reaching hands and smiles. ,,Food and a coat.''

A woman with dirt covered face, a rotten tooth and a scare along face looks at Shake and holds the coat. She says words that are gibberish. The coat is shoved at Shake. Shake watches the pack mover.

Spear, Willam, Jan, Kirra step to the edge of camp parameter and read with weapons for the mob.

The mob begins to run. Their mass spreads around camps and run through tents and bundles of cloths. They push people aside and smack peeople down as they rush forward.

As they watch and mob people march, Myst says, ,,WE must part for there are those of Lyno that suspect us of harm. We must part before they come here to give them alarm.'' She steps back as Shake gives gold.

Shake flips the gold at the woman and grabs the thick fur coat and follows the pack as the step from the pack and leave Myst behind.

William grips guantlet and says loud. ,,WE LEAVE.''

Earlen says as the pack leaves, and Myst release their grasp, ,,Sing the song, and Reighn will never desert.''



