,,I will begin to teach you cantrips,'' says Hern.

And during the rotation while Shake was sane, Hern taught him how to pull threads of magic from the weave with a body movement, word and component. Shake learned with a snap fingers covered with charcoal, the spoken word Grialn while drawing the image of flame in the mind like the reliefs chisseled from wall. He learned to cause a bolw of water or puddle to freeze he needed mint chewed and blow from mouth like rings while thinking of a reliefe of infinites circles like looking a line torado from above.

From waking time to nearly time of sleep, Herns showed Shake Cantrips.

They are, as Hern explains, ,,They're simple spells taking memory, dexterity and will to wearve from the magic for an instant.''

Shake sits againt the bars and stares Hern while Hern reads, Hern drinks, Hern eats and Hern sleeps. The snore of Hern begins when Guile wakes and draws and write and sees thoughts to Shake and reads Shakes thoughts. By the end of the fifteenth to last rotation Shake says, ,,Are you reading my mind?''

,,Yes,' says Guile. ''To learn surface talk.''

Shake says, ,,We should talk to while reading my mind. Maybe it would help you learn surface talk.''

Shake and Guile talked about the mountians, streams, caves, the surface world, the canyon, the shore and Waterdown. Shake told Guile all the stories of Waterdown he knew then more

The cell over days fills with pillows, a desk, two books of tales of Carlos. Pens and parchment are put on the desk. A chamber pot is brought with a  folding paper wall to cover.

They enjoy and talk of water, wines and fruits and meats. 

And with the food and furnishing comes Hern after Shake wakes to check Shakes body and  minds state. Hern asks questions about the previous day and about his friends' phyisical features and personalities. Hern hits the elbows and knees to check for reflect. He pulls open eyes and stares. He looks into Shake's nostrals and mouth. 

The talk of everything. The Guile writes to Shake's mind. >Do you want to escape?<

<Yes,> thought Shake. 

Then the day passes, and they plotted in mind escape while talking and talking and talking.

There are others.  Two dwarves enter Shake's cell and Guiles cell to replace the chamber bots and remove the food. The dwarves wipe the bars and mop the floors. They fluff windows and leave as silent as the come.  The leave silent as the come.

They leave the silence between the cells for as Hern comes and goes each and cycles the thoughts of Shake and the thoughts seen to Shake from Guile fill their talk as they plot the path and time to leave.

From wake to sleeps, Shake and Guile ready to break free and leave. They look from their cells and watch from their cells and wait in their cells as the routine of order tell their tale to tell them a path from the jail cells. They take grass, rice, bean, beans and peas from their rotation meals and set them to dry under desk and blankets. They request cloths and shoes to protect against the cold and warm winds and gusts through the jail cells.

Rotations rotate with people walk to and from other jail cells. Dwarves, humans and hybrid wererats stumble, walk, crawl and are dragged from cells. Their shouts and talk ramble with the dwarven tougue telling tells of fights, revenge, hate and confusion. 

Guile and Shake watch and wait and think with the other. Guile with the focus of mind shows Shake basic dwarven language and teaches Shake some words from the books  of Carlos with out word from mouth. Shake shows and think of the life beyond the mountian letting Guile see what there is to see beyond the rock walls and away from the farm of Hern.

Sixteen rotations rotate to Hern standing from his stool outside the cell of Shake. He falls asleep to the talk.

Shake eats the rotations final mean. He leans back on plush pillows and swallows. ,,Goin' miss me.''

Hern humphs and smiles. He pushes back glases and smile. ,,Yes, you will be missed.'' Hern glances at Guile. ''I hope you two have enjoyed the talk.''

Shake smiles. ,,Guile.'' He looks to Guiles. ''Guile, well, as he's said. It's difficult to be good when everyone around treats you bad.''

Hern looks at Shake and says without expression. ,,It's impossible to be good when you blam other for being bad.''

Guile watches Hern walk along the paths through the cages until he fades into the darkness then he sees  to Shake's mind, >We go.<


