
The goblins roll Myst, Spear, Shake, Kirra and Jan through darkness. Their yaks and clicks and taps and snaps of tongue diminish.

Williams breath the only sounds. His heart beat is the only thing he feels. Then his eyes become dry then begin to itch. His eyes peer to side seeing no further behind than beyond Buckey's body. 

Sphere's of light hover along walls and pillars. 

William's eyes begin to burn. Then and itch manifests on his head. 

His mouth, open enough to stick tongue out, dams saliva.

Saliva rolls over lip.

William's eyes burn and vision dims. 

The spheres of light dims radiance to pinpoints of light outline pillars and walls and casting everything else in darkness. 

,,William," says Carlos's voice, "It is far easier to lead a king then protect a king." 

The sphere's of darkness fade. Darkness spread over walls and pillars.

William blinks. His mouths shuts. Eyes cools. 

William licks lips. ,,CARLOS," hollers William. 

His arms and legs go limb. 

Sword falls to the floor. 

His body falls.

Carlos's laughter fills the darkness. ,,William, my son. You have made it this far."

,,CARLOS," hollers William. He kneels and crawls along floor. 
 
,,Carlos," says Carlos's voice, "Call me what ever pet name you wish."
 
,,Traitor!" William's knee hits the hilt of his sword. Then he stands and swings sword in a circle.

,,Strong words for one so young and naive." Carlos's laugh fills the tower.

The laughter fades. 

,,CARLOS," screams William. He raises his sword up to the air. "SHOW YOURSELF COWARD!"

,,William," says another voice. "William."

William lowers sword tip to near touch top fo rugs. ,,Who are you! What are you!" 

,,Family, William. Family," says the voice sounding soft and fluid like a singer near moaning. 

William's sword tip hits object. 

William kneels and grabs Buckey's hoove. ,,Your a kill. A murder. And I will see you dead. Carlos or not!"

,,Or not. Or not. Or not." Says the voice. "You are my goblins king. I need you to lead, my son."

William walks with sword hoving above the rugs. ,,I'm not your son."

,,You are my great grand son William," says the voice now sounding like
Myst.

,,Could you be Branch?" says William. His sword top taps and object. William stops and feels a pillar.

More laughter like that of Spear, deep and short and stopping before it begins. Then a ruff and low voice fills William with a feeling of warmth. ,,I could be anything. You will not believe, but I believe your desire to see our family crest be seen through the valley and canyon. I feel your passion to find the shield."

William stops walking. ,,Father?"

,,Kill your friends," says the voice. "They will betray you."

Williams sword tip touches another object. William reaches and rubs had over a  wooden pillar. 

,,PROVE YOUSELF!" William hollers, "OR SHOW YOURSELF."

Sphere's of light illuminate around the spiral staircase.

William laughts. "A trap," he says pivoting his head. "You have your fool."

,,A path," says a voice. The sound a hollow versions of his father's. "A path to truth."

William lowers his sword. He look back into the darkness. Then he looks forward and to the illuminated spiral stairs. He walks looking over shoulders. 

Railless stairs twist around a tree trunk stripped of bark. The steps of wood stick from the trunk twist to a hole in the ceiling above.

William looks into the darkness then up. Then steps upon stairs. leaning with the twisting turn to the top.

The stairs creek and bend.

William sheaths swords and leans against the trunk and climbs. 

The lights below as William climbs above fade.

And William steps stairs and steps stairs.

The pillar disappears into a dark hole.

William stands on bending stair near the ceiling and the darkness.

William's sword disappears into darkness. He pulls the sword from the darkness and looks at its sharp tip. He touches tip, feels the sharpness, nods then steps stairs and steps into the darkness.

Darkness covers.

The smell of Myrrh covers and fills Williams head.

William leans upon the turn and slowly lifts foot, finds the next step, presses foot upon step, then lift body and steps until there is light.

The wood floor spans in slats spread to the circular walls. The walls adorn with paintings, swords, and armor separate by William's family shield illuminated by candle flame.

The candle flames mounted on flower ornamental holders mounted upon walk and twisting like branches of a tree. 

The light spreads to the wooden ceiling within reach of William's sword tip if he were to stretch arm high and point swords true to the Gods land. The light spreads to a desk with scrolls and quills covered in spilled ink. The light shines upon a large rectangle tables filling half the room. 

William steps from the darkness to the floor. His foot falls silent and stop. He peers up and sees the trunk rise with the stairs into the ceiling above around the darkness.

He steps from the spiral stares and to the large table. 

The valley and the North West passage spread across the table in miniature. The canyon opens from the middle of the table  and spreads from the canyon's opening to the Valley. The river a small blue line flowing from smaller blue lines from the Valley and mountains sides. The river line enters detailed rock wall damming the blue line to spread under images of miniature trees and near the miniature version. of the goblins town and the tower.

William reaches and touches the towers top. His finger points to a white line straight and true through the swamp, but brown after the rock wall and the swamp.

Small red marks covers the swamp and spread from the swamp through the canyon and into the valley. Near the East of the Valley the red marks become black marks.

,,War," says a voice. "War for our legacy William."

William turns, unsheathes sword and stands at defense facing the stairs. 

A foot appears from the darkness. Then the bottom of a white robe, then a white cloves poking from folds of wide loose sleeves then shoulders of the white robe support and head.

The head covered with long wisping white hair and and covering pale white skin near the shade of pure white reflected from the robe. The face sharp and blunt with its large jaw angling to cheeks and head. Long finger raise to point at William.

,,What are you?" says William.

The white robed being steps to the floor. ,,Your family."

,,My family," says William. "I have no family."

,,You have me, your elder, Juliet of Shrinekeep," says Juliet. She lowers her hand and spreads arms. "I have been blessed to live to see the land be ruled by our sword and shield. I am here for us. For our war."

,,Our war," says Williams. He strafes with slow step along the edge of the rectangle table. "Who are you. I don't." William shakes his head. "You could be Carlos. You could be anything. Why should I believe you, You are anything related to me."

The white face smiles pulling thin pale pink lips. ,,Carlos," says Juliet. "Carlos. A spunky little dwarf I should have killed long ago. How much he has learned from me I will never know, but I see he has learned the art of manipulation."

William lowers swords and steps into an open space between the large rectangular table and the wall. ,,What know you of Carlos!" William clenches his jaw and clenches his gauntlet over hand into a fist.

,,He was a dwarf that stole his way into my heart and sneaked his way into my mind with his charm and passion to learn the art of illusion." Juliet points to the diorama on the table. "It is with Carlos you are here. It is his spreading of the talk and song of the Northwest Shield that spread to you. It is Carlos that followed and spied upon you to bring you across the canyon and into the Valley to find the Northwest Shield, so he may steal it."

William's sword lowers, ,,Why...Why would Carlos want to shield. Why not have it himself. If he's as powerful as the stories claim why would he need me?"

,,Questions. All good. But answers will only bring more questions. More questions without proper understanding will create doubt. And doubt will lose our war."

,,Our war," says William. "Whatever you are, Who ever you are. This is your war. This is not my way." William lifts sword and steps to the

The white robed Juliet appears to glide over floor to the large diorama. Juliet points to figures of of goblins and hobgoblins the size of his thump nail placed through out the valley, the canyon and the mountains. "Our army."

,,This not my way." William lifts the sword tip to point at Juliet. "This not the way of any family I know." He points sword tip at the table. "My family would never charm and lie to goblins and hobgoblins to make them an army." He swipes his sword to side and walks to the stairs. His body freezes as he readies to lift foot to step on stairs.

,,Your known family all died fighting the dwarfs and each other."  Juliet looks over the diorama.

William peers far  left seeing Juliet raise a long and skinny arm

Juliet waves arms over the diorama and says, ,,West then East."

The diorama shifts from the canyon to the opening into the valley to the valley. The lake, the forest, the keeps, the Valley Town  and the Eastern Keep  and trails from the mountain peak to the East. Miniature figures of goblins and hobgoblins are scattered in packs in the thick forests surrounding the trails winding down the mountain and bordering of the lake.

"And then we will move East," says Juliet. "You will lead the armies to once again spread our name." Juliet waves hand.

The diorama shifts from the valley to the West Canyon to the swamp and the goblins town and the tower.

William's eyes begin to dry and sting.

Juliet lowers hand and moves to William while saying, ,,We will complete the vision our family has had since the days the valley was our valley to control. Juliet raises and lowers robe sleeve in an arch. 

William blinks and mouth opens and speaks. ,,Who ever you may be. What every created you. I will not do your bidding! This is not the way." Saliva spits from his mouth. He tries to move shoulders, arms and legs.

Juliets was to the desk and raises a scroll. ,,A map for when you alter you understanding." Juliet sets the scroll on the top scrolls and papers. "The map will be here." Juliet steps to the spiral stairs and steps up leaving the white robe in wake swaying this way and that way. "Your friends will be dead my morning. You will be safe inside. You will not be harmed by the goblins. Juliets disappears into the darkness with the spiral staircase winding up through the ceiling. 

William tuns head and looks around. He focuses on hands and feet, fingers and toes, trying to move them. ,,HELLO!" holler William. He blinks and inhales. He yawns. His eyelids become heavy. His eyes close...

CRACK! booms and the floor shakes.

William lifts head from wooden floor.

CRACK! CRACK! booms and the floor shakes.

William shakes head. He scrambles to knees and hands then he stands. He stumbles as his balance sways and tips back the forth. 

The room is dark sans dim light shining through the four windows. The desk empty except for one scroll. The diaomara gone leaving only a flat table. Shields and crossing swords moutain walls. 

William walks to the spiral staircase and clims step to step and into the darkness in the ceiling. His foot falls bend and creek boards. The sounds everywhere. 

Bright light all around. An oval white light shines near the wall of the small circlar room.

William steps from the spiral staircase and toward the oval white light.

A cold spreads of William. He peers at the white light. 

He feels a pull come from the white light. He peers and sees a small silhouette of a circle and a thin pole from the circle that draws in the white line a silhouette.

William steps toward the white light. He wants to step back, but his mind is soothed the near he becomes to the white light. He reaches into the white light and grabs a small silhouette of a circle.

WHITE HOT PAIN BURNS.

William shouts.

The white light fanishes.

Darkesss covers.

William stumbles, falls, tumbles down stairs bending and breaking the steps. He hits a floor.

Dim light illuminate the large table and chair. The walls once covered with tapestries, armor and weapons are now blank wals of rope woudn around the tree trunk walls.

William scrambles to a stand then strides to a window.

Dust and smoke swirl and blow through the court yard. 

Goblins run run from the court yard to the walls around the court yard walls trying to climb or push out through the four openings.

Hobgoblins rush to the entrances of the tower and run after goblins trying to heard groups and push them to remains. They for small groups and pull off helmets of goblins and hobgoblins passing by the groups.

Ash flies up past the windows flickering to darkness.

William runs to another window.

Spear and Shake create a trail through goblins with Spear running through the crowd knocking aside goings. The trail spreads and wakes hobgoblins to follow Shake and Spear.

William runs to the next window.

Kirra, Jan, Minst help Myst stand as they begin to walk through the open courtyard and chaos to the walls of the tower.

,,SAVE YOURSELVES!" hallors William.

Spear and Shake burst through a hobgoblins mass and run with Kirra, Jan, Minst and Myst.

Kirra runs swiping swords at hobgoblins with swords and knife. She parries wild swings and swings spreading the path to the tower wall.

Jan pokes and twirls staff pushing and knocking back hobgoblins.

Myst swings mace. She looks up at William.

"IT'S A TRAP!" screams William.

Spear run past Myst and Minst and with Kirra pushing wider to  the path to the wall. He slams and forearm against the throat of on goblin.

Minst holds bag to chest. He slams shoulder into a hobgoblin. Shakes runs in the open wake.

Hobgoblins criss cross the path of the companions. Screams and shouts and waving arms and swords erupt then fall. Hobgoblins gather around the dark tall triangular doors. They slam shoulders into the dark doors. They kick and punch the dark doors. 

Hobgolins, pushing goblins and herding them like cattle fill the space between the openings of the court yard walls.

Goblins climpb the court yard walls and stand on top.

,,NO EXIT!" holles Spear. 

Kirra sheaths swords,  reaches the rope woven wall. She grabs onto the wall and climbs. Her fingers press better the silk rope pressing to the tree trunk the vertical ropes weave from trunk to trunk.

Spear slams a hobgoblins to the ground, slides bastard sword into scabbard on back and leaps grabbing ropes and climbing then kicking back some hobgoblins.

Minst runs, looks up to the William. 

William steps from window.

,,ANOTHER WAY!" Minst pulls out flour and salt. He blows them, wave hands, focuses before. 

A flash then a darknes spreads to circle as tall as Minst. Another flash then darkness spreads before the window where William once stoods. 

Minst steps throught the dark hole on the ground. He steps from the dark hole by the window and through the window. 

Myst looks back. 

The black circle shimmers then holds.

Two hobgoblins step into the black circle. Both appear form the black circle above. One falls. 

Myst steps into the black circle and steps to teh window and into the window lea

One hobgoblins lands where Myst was.

Jan steps through the black cicle leaving a holler to Myst of, ,,ABOVE."

Jan steps above through the window.

Minst and Myst grapple a gobgoblins in fullplate bronze armor. Armor clashes.

Shake runs past the black hole.

The hole flashes then fades.

Shake grabs onto the silk ropes and climbs.

Small darts peirce Shake's, Kirra's and Spear's skin. The poking needles
sting.

Hobgoblins climb hack and cut at the ropes. They grab and climb rope by rope barking and shouting as blow darts skin between the creases of there piecemeal armor. They carry and pile woods along the walls then cast oil and lit torches on the piles of wood.

Flames leap long the tower's walls. Flames lick and nip at the feet of Spear, Kirra and Shake. Flames consume and burn the goblins climbing below Spear, Kirr and Shake. Flames speead like water down a hill snapping threads of silk.

William steps from the stairs and the darkness and leaps upon the bronze armored hobgoblins. 

The hobgoblins, William, Myst and Minst fall to stumble to the ground then fall to the floor near the window. The hobgoblins punches William

William stumbles back, finds a footing, then swing guantle at the armored helmet denting the helmet and causing the hobgoblin's body to follow its head swinging back and out the window.

The bronze amrored hobgoblins falls down tower clipping Kirra on the shoulder. 

Kirra slips and slides along the ropes. Her rope burn fingers catch and hold. 

The bronze armored hobgoblins lands in burning piles of wood sending a poof of ash into the night air. 

Shake, Spear and Kirra out climb the snapping ropes and loosening strans.

William runs to window and peers down. ,,CURSED BE THE FATES!" hollers William. He looks at Myst and Minst. "We need to leave this cursed place."

Myst stands by window. ,,Where?"

Dead goblins and hobgoblins spread between the tower walls and the court yard walls between the firepits and granit paths. Piles of burning wood circle the tower base and caste flames upon the walls. Shouting, barking, and mesmerized goblisn and hobgoblins stand and stare by an on the court yard walls. The mass of hobgoblins and goblins spread from the court yard walls through the city and up the side of the mountian.

,,There has to be another way out," says Minst standing. He slides his hand between the foldes of the elvenmail touching the spine of the spell book. "What about the shaman, another illusions?"

,,Another something," says William.

The fire spread from thread to thread, rope to rope. Ropes snap.

Kirra, Spear and Shake climb hand over hand with foot over foot without searching for grip. Fingers and feet press between rope.

Rope pushed by feet falls free into fire.

,,CLIMB!" Hollers William.

Myst, Minst and Jan stand by window.

"Back!" says William who hold out an arm.

Minst looks at stair case. ,,What's up?"

William stares out window. 

Myst looks at William. She stares, then glances at Minst then stares at William. ,,Lets go. Could be a way out."

,,Then down," says Jan.

Myst nods 

She steps to stairs, the bend. 

Minst and Jan follow quick pace into the darkness.

,,CLIMB!" hollers William.

Kirra, Spear and Shakes feel the heat from flames. They pull the ropes loose from wall. They climb. 

Kirra reachs and grabs William's forearm. She kicks and pulls  with William and launches through window frame to a roll and a tumble on ground. 

William and Spear glasp formarms.

Spear kicks and grabs with William pull. Spear flops  on window frame and crawls and kicks and falls from frame to floor.

Rops stand and spread and fall. 

Shake reaches and grabs window frame.

William grabs his pants waist and pushes Shake inside. ,,Shake," smiles William.

Shake looks at William, stands and smile. ,,William."

,,Where's Jan," says Kirra.

William inhales and coughs. He points to the spiral staircase. ,,Up."

Myst steps from stairs and darkness. 

Flame light and torce light from the moutains side create shades of shapes. 

Minst snaps fingers. 

A small light shines from his palm. 

The wood walls and floor smooth and open. The ceiling is flat and wide boards. The spiral staircase trunk stops near roofs top with last stair near the top.

A skinny podium with a base the size of small shield and a neck as skinny as a staff lays along floor near a platter. 

,,What's this," says Minst. He kneels by the skinny podium. Minst and Jan looks at the platter.

Minst mummbles and then sees a red hue around the platter.

The foor shakes and jolts. Minst, Myst, Jan shake.

Below Kirra stumbles then steps to stairs and climbs. William falls to flow. Spear rolls to a stand. ,,We need to go down."

William grabs and hugs Shake and squeezes. ,.SHAKE!" Then relaxes and stands. 

Shake smiles. ,,Thought I left the herd for the butcher shop." His hands tremor and settle. 

Kirra's head pokes head from darkness. ,,DOWN, this place is going to fall. We need out."

Myst picks up the platter. And looks at it. Minst leans in. Jan walks to the stairs and walks around Kirra. 

CRACK and SNAP the floor jolts and shakes then settles. ,,NOW!"

Kirra steps down.

Minst looks at Myst. Myst looks at Minst. She raise the plater to Minst. ,,You take this."

They stand. Minst holds the platter. They walk to the spiral staircase.

Kirra steps shuffles feet to stair to stair from one darkness to the next.

Spear stands. A pains stabs side of chest. Spear growns and stumbles to a stand to a walk to the stairs. ,,These to down to the ground."

Willam nods. He steps from Shake and looks out window.

The base of tower is on fire. All the goblins and hobgoblins stand by the courtyard walls and stare at the burning tower. Hobgoblins and goblins run from the crowd on and around the courtyard walls and toss boards, benches and chairs on to the fire.

The fire circles to tower blow. 

,,WILLIAM!" hollors Spear near the spiral staircase. Minst and Myst walk down into the darkness around the spiral stairs. 

Shake tugs at William. ,,Unless you want us to have you to roast we best herd."

Wiliams coughs. 

Wind blows into room.

The floor shakes and shifts. The jolts.

Kirra, Jan, Minst, Myst, Spear, Shake, William shuffle down steps of spiral staircase.

The steps bend and creek with the fast and hard pounds of their hurried step.

Smoke billows through the tall and skinny triangular doors. Flame burn around the edges of the doors. Flames burn at the rugs along by the wall.

Small gaps and spread between the tree trunks charred with burn rope. Rope falls to ground in strings of flame. Pilliars spread through the room lean and creek. Two are snapped. 

,,FASTER," hollers Kirra. Her feet hit everyother step as she steps down and around and around. 

Jan follows Kirra. Her robe flowing over steps like it is water flowing down a spiral tube. 

Minst holds the magical platter shaped object bettween hand and armpit. His left hand glides over the trunk. His mind peers from steps to the platter.

Myst follows the platter on the way down. Her feet finding fast and first steps. Boards bend and crack. ,,CAREFUL!" she hollers.

Spear nods, steps on a step. The step snaps and the tip, stepped on by Spear, breaks and falls. Spear falls. He grabs a step with a hand. The step bows. Spear swings toward the trunk of the spiral stairs. The step bows, breaks.

Shake leaps over the two broken steps, lands on the next. It bows and cracks.

Spear hits the trunk and slides to the stpe nearly hitting Jan. 

Kirra looks back, nods and shuffles down.

Spaers bastard swords hits the ground.

William looks at Shake. Shake step backward down stairs. ,,JUMP!"

William look below. 

The rugs of the bottom four building levels below.

Wiliam leaps, lands on step. Step bends. William falls back. 

Shake catches and pulls. Spear stands and steps. Minst and Myst follow. William and shake shuffle down steps.

Parts of the wall shifts and slides. A pillar cracks and falls to the ground. 

Smoke fills the caverness room. Fire licks and sspreads from the carpets at the edge.

Kirra runs from the stairs, past the fallen pillar and to the edge of the carpet and the carpet fire.

Heat sears and flames leap at her. Smoke pillows in clouds rising above.

Kirra runs back.

Spear hold his side and picks up his sword. 

The group huddle near the staircase.

,,WHAT NOW?" hollers William.

William coughs and covers mouth, says now. ,,We run through the flames. The door is down." 

Spear nods. Myst looks to Kirra then Minst. ,,What about your teleport scroll?"

Minst smiles and grabs his knife sheath.

,,I'LL RUN THROUGH FLAMES," hollers Spear.

The walls shift. A pillar crasks. Boards and ash fall to the floor.

,,YOU'LL BE KILLED BY GOBLINS!" hollers Myst looking at Spear. 

,,THERE'S GOT TO BE ANOTHER WAY OUT!" hollers William.

Flames flicker and lash between the tree trunks of the outer wall.

,,UNDER THE RUGS?" hollers Minst. He begins lifting up rubs.

Spear pivots head and looks at each of the four opening seeing flames and smoke.

Shake laughs. He walks to the large pot and fire pit. ,,UNDER HERE."

William steps by Shake and the large black pot.

The rest gather around. Spear stares at the doors.

,,UNDER HERE," points William to the bottom of the big black pot.

Shake nods. ,,NO ASH FROM THE PIT." He points to the ceiling. "No smoke opening. Nothing in the pot." He stands on tip toes grabs the edge of the pot and rubs hand along. Then hold clean palm toward William.

William nods. Kirra shrugs. Minst unscrews sheath base and pulls out scroll roll. Shakes slams sholder into the big black pot.

William pushes with arms. Spear shurgs and pushes.

Jan wedges her staff and levers it back. Kirra picks up a piece of baord and levers the base. 

The pot lifts and shifts and slide. Sucken pulls in smoked. The pot scrabes across ground.

A wide hole of darkness is revealed.

