
Kirra, Spear, Jan, Minst and Myst see only darkness and feel only the weight of gravity pull swirl round and rounds. Their legs held together. Their arms press to sides. Swords, maces, daggers, packes and sacks press against the bodies causing cuts of skin and pain.

Gobins push the Kirra, Spear, Jan, Minst, Myst and Shake are wrapped in rugs and rope and are rolled from the three teired wooden tower, over the the granit raod and off the granit curb over dirt and ash between fire pits. 
        
Shake blinks and shakes his heads. He breathes deeps. He coughs. Sweat drips for cheek, chin, cheek, ear, hair, forehead, nose, temmple, back of heard. He shakes head and looks up.    

The dirt ground rolls around. Gobin legs roll around. Fire pit stones roll around. The walls of the tieir tower roll around. The shear side of the moutain illuminated by glowing white spheres rolls around around and around and around...

The rolling companions stop, but their bodies continue to feel the roll.

Goblins gather around the rolls of carpet wrapped around the companions. The click and clack and snap tounge and mouth. They roll the campanions away from the companions.

Shake remains rolled in carpets staring upside down at the ground and near firepit. 

Two goblins kneel by a stack of kindling shaped like a cone. One goblins hold flint and the other steel. They hit both together below the fire pit's rock wall. A third drops twigs and sticks by the opening of the carpet.

Kirra, Spear, Jan, Minst and Myst are rolled around the court yard.

Kirra is rolled against the wall then lifted to lean against the wall. Her mass is pulled to the ground. Blood rushes to her head. Her head moves, but arms and legs remain frozen. She looks through the rug and to the opening. Flickers of torce light dance shadows over the ground below her.

Spear is rolled upon a granite path then blops down with a puff upon the ash and dirt. A goblins kicks dirt through the open end of the rug into his face. Sweat and blood sting his eyes. The dirt pokes and stabs. He pushes arms and leges out, but he doens't move. He wiggles toward either end of the rug roll, but his broad shoulders block his exit from the rug roll. The rug stops. 

Goblins talking is heard above the snap and crack of fire burning wood.

Jan's feels the wool rob press. The tight roll of the rugs press arms and legs to side. Her toes and fingers shift and slide, but can not wiggle. Her head is tied againt the rugs. Darkness is all she sees. She focuses on th rolling motion. Her energy extends through the roll carpet to the dirt and rock and deep into a basin of water far below. Her energy siphons the water.

The dirt and ash begin to moisten and soften.

The rolling of Jan's rug stops. Goblins talk and complain about mud and not willing to push the rug any further.

Minst tries to wiggle toes and fingers, but the toes and fingers remain straint with arms in legs as when the goblins wrapped him in the carpet.

The carpet rolls round and round, and Minst rolls round and round in the darkness inside. 

The smell of dirt, campfires smoke and feces fills the carpet tube and Minst sensitive nose.

Minst then feels his neck loosen and go limps. His head pivots and bends back. Minst looks through the opening of the carpet roll and watch the world revolve. Then it stops with Minst on his side. 

Dirt flies into the carpet roll.

Minst sneezes. 

The carpet roll is kicke. High pithc laughter is heard. Then silents. 

Minst fills a slight tug and shaking near legs then near waist then near heard.

The world spins. 

Minst rolls from the carpet to dirt and comes to a rest at the feet of goblins. He stares up at goblins unable to move arms and legs. His toes and fingers to wiggle.

Myst's body breaks free of the magical bond. Her shoulders and arms shift and shake with the roll. The backpack slips from her back and to butt. 

A goblins kicks the rolling rug hitting her stomach. The rug softening the kick to feel like a nudge.

Myst and the rolled rugs roll on a granite path then falls to dirt and ash. She sees an entrance to the tower roll past. She sees hobgoblins and goblins standing by the entrances with swords drawn and head peering at the scene blind Myst. She rolls and rolls past fire pits circled by hobgoblins and goblins. She rolls past a bear hanging over a fire pit from log. She holds still.

The rolling stops.

She begins to shift and shake and slide. Then the carpet is kicks. The carpet soften the blow, but the force is felt. She holds still and slowly moves arms and hands to her pack.

Pressure pressed from above. Two indentions, one on her chest and the other her legs, press her to ground. 

Goblins laughter seeps above. The pop and crackle of fire is heard.

Myst's hands slide over over bag and slowly unties flap.

Dusk turns to Night.

The goblins and hobgoblins gather around the firepits of the court yard. Goblins and hobgoblins begin to lay naer the court yard entrance and the tower entrance. 

Goblins  sit and stand to eat and shit and throw shape bones on the dirt. They wrestle. The crouch by fire and sleep.

Hobgoblins walk from pit to pit taking food here and kicking a goblins there. They stop and kick a carpet roll or stop and punch Minst.

A breeze become a gust and gusts becomes wind. 

Dust blows. Ash twirls and whirls down the tubes of rolled carpte. Smoke twist and rolls and spreads. Torch flames whip and pull and some exitinguish.

Kirra slowly slide to the ground then her bow strapped to back stangs on a tie around the carpet. Pressure from blood rush to head creates the head to pound with heart. She tries to shift and shake to unsnag her bow, but only succeeds in provoking a hogboblins to slap the carpet roll of kirra with the broad side of its blade.

Spear push out with arms and legs press on the rugs and ties.  A sharp pains shoots from chest though body. Cuts rub against the wool surface of the inner most rug. Goblins punches press burises and head. A sold knock upon the head gives Spear darkness. His body slumps inside the carpet roll.

Jan feels the flow of mud spread from fire pit to fire pit then stop. 
 
Distant goblin talk pass words of fear and omen and worry the Shaman wants this captive to be saved. Hobgoblins laugh.  
 
The sound of feet sloppoing through mud and laughter are heard.  
 
Jan wiggles and twists slowly shaking her self free from robe and toward the top of the carpet roll. 
 
Minst lays motionless on the ground. His sack is taken and tossed on the unrolled rugs. He is lifted by two hobgoblins and tied to a pole over a firepit but a third. 

Goblins walk to the firepit, drop sticks and bark in a pile, walk from the firepit. Two goblins kneel below Minst. In holds steel and the other flint. They both hit then togeter near a bundle of weeds.

Myst hears muffled goblin laughter. After and endless time of slow moving, waiting for sitting goblins to stand and releive pressure on her arms, Myst slides her hand into pouch of pack, grabs her newly found ring and slips ring on finger. Then she slowly slide arm and hand above her head.

A goblins sits on the rug and put peasure on her should.

Goblins run around the court yard touch rug then running to another rug. Two goblins runs at the rug wrapped with Shake. One goblins leaps and touches the rug roll of Shake the tumbles away, stands and begins to shout words of victory.

The two goblins squatting by fire pit blowning on a small flame look back, then stand and walk away from firepit and out of the path of vision of Shake.

Shake inhales, clenches teeth the jerks narrow shoulders and shifts. Arms catch and should slid. Two pop-crunch sounds are followed by a shock of pain and two dislocated shoulders. Shake pushing with feet and worms body past the ropes binding the rugs around Shake. He wiggles and pokes head to eye level from the roll. 

Five goblins argue about the rules of the touch game and if leaping for a touch object is a violation of the rules. 

Shake kicks and pushes and frees shoulders, arms, chest then waist. 

The goblins begin to grapple each other. 

Shake whips and slams feet aagains the rug pushing hard and and fast. His feet kick free. 

A goblin shouts and points to the fire.

Shake, on back, bends knees to chest, kicks out and leaps up to a stand, runs.

Goblins and hobgoblin twist and turn to follow the path of Shake as he runs past their backs. The movement of goblins spreads faster than Shake runs. 

The court yard filled with goblins and hobgoblins and shadows from the torhces. 

Shake sees shadows caste from a group of hobgoblins with backs turned watching a pile of dust and two hobgoblins wrestle.

Shake throws body into the showdows covering the grond. Bits down on tunic and shifts and sets then slams arm into shoulder joint.

Pain bite bites through cloths.

He sets arm against ground the presses should against arm.

The shoulder pops in. 

Shake rolls and pushes him up.

The wave of goblins and hobgoblins twisting and turning for the shout of four goblins chasing shake and screaming in goblins about a free prisoner causing the hogoblins watching the wrestling match to turn to see the dust cloud left by Shake.

Shake's throbing arms and shoulders bounce with pain as he runs. He sees a group of sleeping goblins nestled near the outer wall of court yard. Hs slows the drops and rolls then crawls between a group of sleeping goblins.

The four chasing goblins screaming of Shake's escape run past. 

One of the group of goblins stirs and wakes. It sits up and watches the goblins run past then lays down, snors.

Shake lifts a helmet and a rotting muddy clock near a goblins. He grabs a handfull of mud near the waist of a goblins, stand and walks fast. He sets rusted gladator helmet on head, smears neck and arms and hands with mud then tosses cloak around should and holds it close. His strait posture becomes slouched then humped. He lowers head and slow fast walk to a saunter through the goblin camp.

In the distant with a fading passion, the cries of the running goblins become lost in the talk and laugh and smack of sword agains armor. 

Campfire smoke clings to the groudn creating swirling whisps. The wind pushes then pulls. Flame shoot above the heads of goblins and hobgoblins. The wind brings and sends the smell of shit and decay into pockets of stillness.

Shake sees a rug roll resting at an angle on the wall and continues to walk the court yard finding a rolled rugs near firepits and the granit road near groups of goblins and hobgoblins. He circles the court yard then walks along the wall toward rug roll leaning agianst the wall. He kneels in shadows and watches as a group of hogblins pass around a jug each taking a glup then passing the jug to the next hobgoblin.

Wind blows groups wander and settle around campfires. 

Shake watches the group of goblins pass and hobgobloins sit by the fire. 

All but one slump or lay.

Shake peers up from slump and leans against the wall. He peers at a dagger in sheath on hip belt. He watches the hobgoblins tip up the jug and back head and glupping, gulpping, gulpping.

Goblins rush past Shake shout for a human. The goblins runs by firepits and flame. They run around stumbling hobgoblins tipping just and bending head back to glup. They scream, ,,Gtihh K'y'li Tthth'Rit U!" Goblins pass goblins and goblins run with goblins. They run past the empty rug roll of Shakes they run between a roasting boar and a roasting snake. The run past a line of hobgoblins pulling in a shaft. The run to the a wide pit of mud surrounded by hobgoblins.

Three hobgoblins sunk to their waists reach for mud pit edge. 

A hobgoblin barks and shouts and points to a roll of rugs sinking in mud. It throws rock and hits the head of a sinking hobgoblins the jerks and points and pokes the air with finger toward the sinking mud. It grabs another hobgoblin and tosses it in. 

The gobins look at the full plate armored hobgoblins and scatter.

The rug roll and Jan sink into the mud.

The mud fills the the tube of the rolled rug. Its soupy center surrounds Jans body and head then fills the rug tube. 

Jan clothes mouth and squirms out of rob and statchel. She swims and crawls from the rug tube. Then reaches and pulls out her robe, statchel and staff. 

Her enery focues upon her the pushes the water to liquify the mud into a tunnel under the firepit.

The firepit's rock base spreads.

Hogbolins step aways. Goblins run away.

Jan pushes against the solid bottom of the mud and pushes rug roll up and toward the hobgoblins struggling in mud. 

Two hobgoblins wrap chest and arms around the rug roll.

The hobgoblins gather near the edge of the mud pit near the rug roll.

Jan swims and crawls under the firepit and pokes hear near the rim of the rock basin.

Hobgoblins press around edge. Two are pushed in by the hobgoblin dressed in fullplate armor. The two grab the two holding the rug rull and pull. Five hobgoblins pull the four hobgoblins.

Jan crawls along the mud surface an into a shadow space. She pulls her robe, satchel and staff from mud and runs low and hunched by the backs of goblins and hobgoblins creating a sight thight ring around Minst, and she runs to the shadows caste from the wall by glowing spheres floating beyind the courtyard wall.

Minst pulls body away from small flame. He pulls and jerks and prys at ropes wrapped around wrists. He jerks legs back and forth.

The flame rise touching the elevn chainmail. 

Minst back begins to warm.

Goblins jumps and laugh and push and laugh and point at Minst

Hobgoblins poke Minst with stick and snort. 

Snott sprays from hobgoblin noses and sizzles on the fire.

Minst shours. ,,IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII'M HEEEEEEEEEEEERE."

Shake hears the scream. He sees the hobgoblin sitting in circle of snoring and sleeping hobgoblins. 

The hobgoblins  sways and tries to lift a large jug. 

The dying fire burn red ember.

Shake runs along the curve of the wall silent in the loud random shouts and growls through the courtyard camp. Shake run toward the goblins the slows run to a silent walk. 

The hobgoblin slumps then lifts the jug. 

Shake steps fast and silent, slides the hobgoblins blade from sheath and stabs the hobgoblins through the back of the neck and catches the jug. 

The hobgoblin's body slumps, leans then falls upon a snoring hobgoblins.

Shake places the ceramic jug by the rim of the stonre fire pit and pulls knife from hobgobins neck and in one fluid motion cuts the ropes wrapped around rolled rugs and kicks over the rug.

Kirra falls to the ground and hits, pushes out of rugs and pops out scrambling.

A couple of hogoblins snort and shuffle. 

Kirra grabs knife and leaps at Shake. 

Shake drops, rolls then leaps to feel. He is helmet tumbles away.

Kirra raise sword then sees through the mud.

A hogoblins shakes head and stands crowling. It shouts and poinst a limp arm at Kirra and Shake. 

Shake kicks the jug.

The jug busts in the firpit. 

A blume of fire blows the cones to the sky.

Kirra grabs her bow and pack, nods to Shake.

Shake grabs helmet.

They run along the wall. leaving the blume of fire and the scrambling and screaming hobgoblins.

Kirra and Shake run side by side. Kirra nods to Shake. ,,Jan whispered a message." Kirra nods foward. "She is along the wall. Knows where others are at."

,,William," says Shake.

Kirra glances at the tower. ,,Inside the tower."

Shake slow and runs behind Kirra and glance back.

Hobgoblins roll on ground. Hobgoblins scream and shake burning body parts. Hobgoblins gather around the burning hobgoblins and toss aside rugs. Hobgoblins run along both court yard wall from both directions.

Hobgoblns and goblins sitting and standing around fires watch Kirra and Shake run past along the wall and into shadow walls finding a mud caked Jan. 

Kirra and Shake stop by Jan.

Jan pulls Kirra. ,,Minst."

Jan, Kirra and Shake  runs from the wall and into the court yard center Through a horde of goblins running and pushing and slapping the legs and butts of hobgoboins saying, ,,Th'y. Th'y."

Between a shifting circle of hobgbolins the sit of Minst is seen. Fire light glowing from pit and cicle. 

Shake grabs and two helmets from the goblins passing in a wave saying, one of the passing goblins and tosses them to Jan and Kirra.

Jan and Kirra put on the helmets and hunch over.

They step through the shodows caste from those around the firepits. They step by two hobgoblins passing a jug between each other. 

They hear screaming behind of, ,,Th'y! Th'y! Th'y!"

Shake looks back, but sees nothing through the firepits and huddling hobgoblins.

Jan hits Shake's shoulder. 

Shake looks foward and stops. 

They stand behind goblins and hobgoblins poking and laughing ant Minst.

Shake looks behind with Kirra.

A hobgoblins with smoke billowing off body and surrounded by  goblins jumpsn and point and screaming. ,,Th'y! Th'y! Th'y!!!"

,,Hi'Lch," says Shake.

Jan shrugs. 

Laughter erupts and Jan is pushed back by a stumbling hobgoblin holding a hot coal. 

The hobgoblins steps and stumbles jumbling and tossing the hot coal from hand to hand.

Kirr and Jan part with Shake and hide faces agains the shadows and back of hobgoblins. The put hands under tunics. 

,,Griff," says Shake.

A hobgoboins looks at Shake, lowers and peers at Shake.

,,Griff," says and nods Jan. Jan blows soft and steady from mouth.

,,Th'y! Th'y! Th'y!!!" screams some goblins hitting Shake and hobgoblins around the fire. The goblins run and spread saying, "Th'y! Th'y! Th'y!!!"

The goblins run as the gusts become a steady wind. They separate and merges. Goblins run along then stop and walk way. Goblins standing or sitting look around and look between the legs of the hobgoblins and say, "Th'y? Th'y? Th'y?""

Goblins sitting on a roll of rugs watch the rushing goblins pass. One shrugs and tosses a bare bone near the fire. ,,Th'y?" Another goblins giggles and cacles and hits the roll of rugs.

Myst, in the roll of rugs, slides arm to point hand toward the openining of the rug roll. She makes a fist and whispers. ,,Riegn, please give me your wisdom for I need it to help guide this mind full of your thoughts from these bonds. I need to know what power lies in the ring...Please inlighten me unless it is time for me to meet you and become one with you. Then I will humble away my call and come."

Cool spreads over Myst the cool turns to a feezing the sensation passes and an imprint of 'Grat Shrak Let,' runs with lighting in the mind.

Myst opens eyes, makes a fist with hand point the end of ring on finger to the opening of rug roll. ,,Grat Shrak Let."

A strike and bang, lighting shoots from the ring, shoots through the fire pit flames, shoots between hobgobins then above the goblins and hobgoblins and it the tower.

Jan and Kirra and Minst walk around the fire pit and meet at the other end and walk way. They press close hiding exposed skin. 

A wind behind thows embers and flame into the faces of the hobgoblins standing around the firepit. The wind blows goblins to the ground.

The a lighting bolt streak from another quadrant of the court yardand slams into the tower the bang and crack.     

All goblin and hobgoblins heads not on fire or screaming with hot ash in eyes turn heads at the sound and a small fire burning where the light hit.

Another lighting bolts shoot through the night and slams agains the tower making most jump and stumble.

Goblins run to the opening in the wall around the courtyard. They push and run over hoblins. They run through fires and over coals.

The floating illuminating sphere from the top to bottom float down and spread over the courtyard casting away shodows and revealing the run of goblins.

Goblins jam the openings of the wall around the court yard. They climb over and push through and beat down to move away from the flash and bang.

Hobgoblins look up, the wake up. The shake off sleeps and stumble with the drunken flow. They grab swords and hit shields and raise them to the air.

Sword tips hang near the floating spheres of light. 

Wind blows ash, smoke and embers blow way from Minst and through the hobgoblins and goblins.

Ash flows into Shakes face.

,,OUCH!" says Shake pinching closed yes. 

,,HERE!" hallers Minst.

Kirra closes eyes and pushes through crowd of hobgobins coughing and tripping and into the other. 

,,HERE!" hollers Minst.

Kirra touches the pole horizontal of fire pit, feels the rope, cuts the rope with knife then drags the blade across the pole cutting the ropes. 

Minst falls into the poof. 

Kirra blindly grabs and pulls Minst from ground and pulls Minst through the ash cloud writhing and shouting and rubbing eyes. 

Minst pulls back, breaks Kirra's grasp, stumbles and skips and trips to other side of pit and grabs sack. 

Kirra, Jan, Shake grab Minst and run.

Sphere lights caste away night and the shadows under the helmets of Shake, Kirra and Jan.

Shake, Kirra, Jan, Minst peering through squinted eyes and a blurred world run between hobgoblins toward the origin of the lighting bolts.

Shake blinks and see a blurred Kirra and Jan run infront. He reaches and puts hand on Kirra's arm. 

Kirra's head snaps back and blade is drawn. 

Shake hollers, ,,RUNNING OTHER WAY TO LOOK! MEET YOU THERE!"

Kirra nods. Her, Jan and Minst lower heads and run and dodge between hobgoblins. They run over granite path, by hobgoblin scrambling for armor and sword, goblins being held by hobgoblins, hobgoblins pointing and starring as they run past.

The wind blows and swirls and twirls smoke and ducts, ash and embers.

Hobgoblins shout and bark commands, crowl and kick and swing wildly. They rub and claw at eyes.

Kirra, Jan, Minst bump into hobogoblins walking backward staring at the roll of ruges resting between fire pits.

Kirra hallers above the wind, ,,CAN THE WIND CEASE."

,,WHEN THE WIND EXPIRES." Hollors Jan.

Kirra stops and drops on the rug rolls. She feels the sting of ash hitting eyes. She feels the rope binds and cuts it. ,,MYST! IT'S KIRRA!" She says as she pushed the rug roll.

The rug rolls and unrolls.

Myst rolls from rugs.

Kirra stand, walks, grabs Myst and pulls up.

Myst stands. Her eyeslids press. She kneels and shuffles dirt and rugs.

,,I HAVE YOUR PACK." hollers Kirra.

Myst, Kirra, Jan and Minst huddle. ,,NOW WHAT?" Hollers Minst.

Shake runs at angle toward with outer wall then at an angle to the tower. Eyes sting and swell with tears. Hands shakes and twitch. An internal ache grows from head to neck to body. Feet fall fast and sure across the dirt and ash. 

He jumps over fallen goblins. Side steps blind running goblins and hobgoblins. He jumps over pits and pieces of disgarded armor and jugs. He runs from wall to tower from tower to wall toward.

A roll of rugs partly baried in dirt.

Shake runs blind to the rug roll and slash ropes with feel and fate. Then shake shovels away the files of dirt with palms and pulls back the rug.

Spear pushes out rug and crawls out and rolls down dirt mound.

Shake crawls away from Spear. ,,SPEAR. WE NEED TO GO."

Spear lunches for Shake and grabs Shake. ,,WHERE ARE THE OTHERS?"

,,OTHER SIDE!" says Spear.

Spaer nods, stands slow holding ribs. He coughs and scrambles to the roll of rugs and pulls out swords and back. He stands crouched over holding side.

Shake runs past.

Spear follows Shake.

Wind blows dirt and ash pushing against Shake. 

Shake dodges a goblins running at him.

Spear lowers and knocks the hobgoblins to the ground. A sharp pain stabs ribs. Spear runs past Shake and lowers head clearing a straight path of hobgoblins.

Spear knocks a hobgoblin aside. 

Kirra, Myst, Jan and Minst huddle back to back watching the the choas.

Kirra points at Spear.

Above the shouts, clinks, clashing, screams and talking the shout of William is heard, ,,RUN! SAVE YOURSELVES!"






