Runtik looks at Spear and  says quiet, ,,It's a smugglers stash.''

The room is twenty steps wide and long with a ceiling an arms length. A wood floor span under stack of crates, bags and castes and against mud bricks. The wood ceiling sags. 

The stacks of crates, bags and castes fill the aroom along the sides. Blankets covers on side and sand covers all. Sand steps cover the flor.

Sand sticks to the side of Guile's face as Guile lasy on the floor heaving breathes. The black ooze sizzles and burns. 

William sings the line and a humming like harmony. ,,We have not time. We have to find. A place to let the body dine on Rieghn's songof healing. We have the feeling. That will be reeling away from the harm.'' He says lows and slow. ''From harrrrrrrrrmm...''

Runtik grabs an end of a rug rolled agains the crates. She looks at William and whispers. ,,We silence noise until I lay the rug.'' She looks around move please. You step on tothe boxes.

The pack steps on the boxes, and Runtik unrolls a rub letting the end flap agains the boxes. 

Dust billows. 

Sweat drips, beings breathe.

Runtik grabs the light rod, drops the light rod and smashes the light rod under foot. ,,The rug absorbs sound. It doesn't absorb light.'' 

William hums louds and sings with the strings and drum in his mind. ,,From the sooooong. Hope not gooooone. All time loooooong. He see the song of Reighn...'' He lets teh words flow from mouth and brushes Mystls hhair. He hums.

Myst snores. Her snores snort loud. 

Guile coughs and jostels betweeen Myst and boxes pushing aganst sheets over piles. 

William sits. 

Kirra says, ,,What's in boxes?''

Spears walks on stacks and walks around the some alls space then around boxes. He snose sniffs and whiskesy brush the sand covered ground until the smell and sense of security and leap from the floor door. He lays and listes.

Runtik says in a volume near a whisper. ,,We sit in a smuggling room of Branching. There are many through Oasis, Shiptik, Gnomsidy and all cities. A few have these rungs to help smuggle and hid people.''

William hums and rubs Myst forehead. 
 
Spear lays his head on paws and says with high pitched deep voice, ,,What are the crates and bags?''

,,The castes contain Soldiers Spirits and the bag Speed Root.'' She sniffs. ''It smells like Speed Root.'' She looks around. ''I believe there is grains and water, evlen wine. Branching is prepared for a drought or lack of food. The Soldiers Spirits and Speed Root have been the cash good for Branching to transport.''

William stops hum as the song of Rieghn fades to silence while Runtik talks. William rubs hand through Myst's hair. ,,What are Speed Root and Soldiers Spirits?''

William says with Myst's snore. ,,Will they hear us talk?''

Runtik shakes head. ,,No. Hear snore fills the room. Snores won't be heard through rub and blankets.''

,,Smuggling people,'' says Kirra.

,,Branchings smuggles everything.'' Runtik nods and sits a gainst the blanket covered stack.

William says, ,,The blankets will hold our sound from the outside.''

Runtik nods.

Spear deep sqeaks, ,,We won't hear them.''

Runtik nods, ,,We hear us. They hear them.''

,,Under the blankets?'' says Kirra.Runtik opens water skin and drinks.

Myst snores.

Guile sweats. aSkin around black ooze is red.

Fumes of black ooze smell like burn hair and rot. The smell lingers.

Guile sneezes.

And Kirra stares at Runtik.

Runtik unfastens pack and pulls it open glancing at Kira's glare.

The room vibrates. A bit of dust falls from the ceiling.

They feel a shaking of the room. They hear nothing, but Myst's snore.

Runtik pulls her lips from water skin, ,,Boxes and casts and bags are under the blankets.''

Willism sits and pulls aon a few armor straps and shifts his shoulder plate, so it doesn't rub on shoulders. ,,What are in these boxes, bags and casks?''

Fumes of aclohol settle.

Kirra drinks from water skin.

Sweat drips and fall from all, but Myst and Runtik.

Runtik says, ,,The bags hold grain, oats. Emergency food stores. Soldiers Spirists is mashed Speed Root mixed with a little blessing of Bin while it ferments in its own skin. The casks complete the Soldier Spirits.''

William drinks way. and rubs shoulder. ,,What's speed root?'' He rubs his hand through Mysts singed hair and bald spots. He brushes away chared skin to reveal freesh ink fleshes over cheek, ear head.

Myst snores  a rumble and surrounds.

the sounds flows through the minds and tinkles over the body. A few cuts and on Kirra's hand head.

Guile's breath breathes from unpatterned deep and shallow breaths breathes with Myst's store. Guile's sweat drips away the black around lips. Snot flows black ooze from nostrals.

The black ooze flows from nose.

Runtik stesp and peers at Guile and rolls to kneeling on knees. ,,Speed Root is grown in the Watch Mountains. It was first grown by the dwarblins mining the mountains. The dwarblins breed a roots to create a root that produced the freeling. One feels fast, and the mind is honed. The body feels to then spin as fast as the mind. After the empire spread, and the army controlled the mines of the dwarblins. they discovered the root, and they began to use the root by its warriors to cross the desert and fight on the otherside. The Senage, mostly the Mind Council in Tyranium convinced Senators outside of Tyrinum Domain to outlaw the Speed Root.''

Runtik holds piece of light rod near 

The pack looks at Runtik.The room vibrates, and dust falls over the pack.

Runtik pinches Guile's neck.

And Guile flinches and swats his neck.

Runtik says, ''Speed Root was outlawed. thorugh all the empire's domains. The growth of the Speed Root didn't stop. The dwarblin tribes of the Watch Mountains hid the tunnels to the underground farms with the help of Branching.''

,,Branching smuggles,'' says Kirra.

Spear sniffs whiskers and looks around room. The smell of the hue of alcohol fume flow through and from boxes makes Spear's body twitch.

,,And Branching smuggles humans, so we are like this cargo here waiting for some one elses war as my steel hand kills us all.'' William lowers steel hand. 

Runtik smirks and looks at William. ,,Branching needs to survive.''

,,Why does not the amry stop the Army or the Senate from shipping this drug?'' says William.

Runtik laughs. ,,Every one wants it who wants.'' She holds smile. ''The priests, warriors, soldiers, psionics, the sheets. All.'' She looks at Guile. ''It could be said branching is what spreads the front. It was helped the goblinkin cross the desert at the cost of making Speed Root a commondity.''

,,Like us,'' says Kirra.

Runtik and Kirra stare, runtik says, ,,Yes. You will find in this empire goods and services are all types. Money is all." She looks at Guile.

,,Why are you telling us this. These secrets,'' say William.

Runtik laughs, ,,I tell you nothing people don't know. And if I have then no one will believe you? Andif they do, they will think you are from Branching and arrest you and hang you and pay me a reward of a 1000 gp for two three humans, 1200 for a half-elf and another 1200 for this half breed dwarf.''

,,World of hugoblins,'' says Kirra.

,,No,'' says Runtik. ''It is a world full of goblinkin. In the Tyraniym doamin, hugoblins dominages.'' She wipes the black from Guile's faces. She lifts the waterskin
. ''

William wipes Myst sweat from forehead of myst with cloth pulled from his pack from the hotel. ,,Why do you heal Guile and smuggle us when the steel hand is what you 
want.''

,,More money,'' says Kirra.

Runtik lifts Guile's eyelids and raises dim glow to his eyes. ,,The steel hand help kept alive by friends.'' She stands, and Guile's eyelid closes.

Guile snores with Myst.

Myst's body calms. Sweat drips dry.

The room vibrates and dust falls.

Runtik says, ,,They are mining their way through the fallen rock.''

,,By magic,'' says Spear. Spear says the words then feels the weave of magic surge through the stone and into him. He feels a break in rock and a slide of stone. He lays and feels not the fur and claws shrink and flow into skin. ''The move the naturall forces.'' He stands on hindlegs and shrinks a foot as he steps up covered boxes and castes. ''They wilil feel to find us.''

William feels his heart thump, and face sweats.

,,They will try,'' says Runtik.

,,Test the smuggling hole?'' says Kirra. She grabs her short swors and stands, walks up the crates on the opposite side of Spear toward the top.

At the top of the bleecher like rise of covered boxes, sacks and crates and castes are stacked a two treasure chests.

Runtik lets Guile's head drop and thump the floor. ,,Branching knows how to find all things except Branching.'' Runtik smirk. ''Of course, those chasing us could be part of Branching and have a greater contract.''

,,Contract?'' syas William glancing from Myst to Runtik. His body feels to vibrate.

,,An agreement between two or more properties for one or more persons perform a service or produce a good,'' Runtik looks at Kirra and Spear.

Spear's stands. Nose twitches and whiskers wobbles. He looks here adn there.

He sees with the dim iight. A rises setp of flat levels covered with a black blanket the rises on all sides to the wall.

Spear's body tinkles.

Kirra steps the chests. Her heart putters fast and face sweats. Sweat drips. 

the ground beneath Kirra shakes and wobbles. Kirrat teeters and sways on wobbling stack under the dark sheet.

,,You step away before the next trap is triggered, and the roof falls.'' Runtik stands and stretches.

Kirra stands and feels her heart thump and beat a bit fast. She wipes sweat from her forheard. She feels and sees the chest is near. ,,Why care?'' whiskpers her to herself.

Runtik says, ,,You feel the effects of the Soldier Spirit Fumes. The smell is the musty dust smell you feel.''Kirra feels a glow from the chests. 

The chests are brown with steel borders and locks. Runes are etched into the wood and the steel of the wood.

Spear breathes and a sweat drops from whisker.

Whisker shrinks into skin. 

Spear steps upn the stacks of sacks under the cloth feeling the soft surface squish with his step to the sand stone wall.

The sand stone wall is cold and roud. From the top of the stacks of covered cargo, Speaer touchs a wood rafter that spans from the wall to the center ceiling. ,,Escape through celing.''

,,We leave where we came,'' says Runtik. ''You should sit here, be quiet and don't  believe all that you feel and see.''

,,Why,'' says William clenching fist and jaw.

,,Soldier's Spirit,'' says Runtik. She sits. ''The castes in here are full of fermenting soldier spirits. The Speed Root ferments and when a small amounted is put in water, the root furments and the water becomes Soldiers Spirit. A flask of it can cause a soldier to sleep and dream away fear and mind pain. It is made here and sent to Gnomsidy and drank here.''

William snorts and shakes head at a quick tempo. ,,No. No. No law. There's no law. I thought you said that there was a law. That this grand empire was law. The law is not supplying an outlawed spirits to the very people who seem to be the law of this place. This law.'' William raises shaking clenched steel fist. ''The unlawful...'''

,,Chaotic,'' says Runtik.

Then there is silence as Runtik and William stare.

Runtik smiles. ,,I could smash the lights.'' She winks. Her voice flows to sexy calm. ''We cloud wrap are selves in a quiet blanket and fuck.''

William's body burns with sex pulsing chest and dick. Dick gows and rubds. Song in chest pounds drums and minds lsow and low. The low vibrations span and shake and sooth.

The world feels to vibrate from the snore of Myst and Guile.

Spear feels the sounds sooth and tickle his fur as fur flows to hair tips soft and.

Kirra feels the virbrations and sits. Her head nos as she feels the vibration calm and massage.

The snore of Myst blows through the room and bodies.

After what feels like forever time.

Runtik says with a jaw clecnched and words a bit fast like quick talking. ,,Law and Chaose. Law and choase.'' Her voice flows for quick and hight to low and slow. ''Soldier's spirit will give you dreams to forget or wake you with insanity. It can keep you away to fight your night mares. You wake after sleep feeling calm. The memory no longer of pain.''

After a pause, William says, ,,You take Soldier's Spirit.''

,,Yes,'' says Runtik. ''And we sniff. It sweat through the wood before the spirits are complete.''

William sniffs. He rocks back and forth with a fuming sway that feels to lift his body into the room. 

The song of rieghn in his mind bluck preciesc cords from low to hight then strums a song fast and hard. 

William sways with the song and the snor of Guile and Myst.

Myst and Guile sleep. Both snore with Myst's voice like a loud talk. The snore sooths.

The snore blows over Speark like a breeze as his body lays human. The Rose Warrior Armor shrink and locks. Spear stares into the dark watching another glow rod glow then dim to dark. The stares into the dark listening to the snore and feeling a buzz. His mind floats.

Kirra's mind feels to flaot. She sits to balanceas and watch the light shards until all put one fades to dark.

Runtik grabs piece of light rod and tosses the light shard to the ceiling.

The light shard glows past wood rafters to a wood ceiling.

the wood celing is a bowed and saging. 

Runtik catches the light as it falls.

She tosses the light a few more times before the light dims.

They sit. They sit and feell the bodies glow and radiate and inner heat that buzzes and shakes from in their own bodies. The feel their buzz vibrate through the air and feel to connect with another. They feel the buzz feel to flow and vibrate from bodies until the snoring stops.

The buzz shakes all numb of body and mind. The buzz breakes with Guile's cough.

Guile coughs, hacks.

Thick goo gags throat and stuff nose. The goos oozes from ears and drips a pool. 

The ooze sizzled and smokes as it steelds and drops, pools and flows to smoke.

Guile caughs. William gagas. Kirra's mediative state smells to the dark. Spear's eyes stink.

Runtik reache and grabs the back of Guile's collar and pats his back. ,,You cough and blow through now. You cough.''

Guile coughs and gags.

Myst's snore slows and stops.

Willaims buzz shocks, and he reaches for Myst. ,,Myst how are you doing. Are you okay for the song of Reighn has not song a song to me as you have been sleeping here all quiet and calm and gone.'' His heart thumps and sweat flows over skin. He licks lips parting lips for words. ''Myst sing my a hum or a burp for I need to hear your voice and feel you song for I thought you were long gone and done with song not complete and time not seen for use.'' He clenches jaw. ''For us...''

Myst hears William's works like a mess of talk. He balances shifts and she sees in her mind flashes of yellow and blue that caste images of Shake, Jan and Carlos the Barded Dwarf dancing around a fired like the tapestry she seen in the tower of Goblin Port before she lost her sight.

She feels the heat from the fire burn in her mind as the pops and sparks from fire play with a hum coming from everywhere.

,,Myst,'' Williams says, ''We need you song if we are to carry on and along the path we need to travel to be free of this oppressive place this.'' He grabs Myst and shakes her arm. ''Myst. Myst.''

Runtik laughs.

Spear stands on hins.

Kirra hear the laugh at her. The laugh burns the range in the mind. She grabs Runtik's throat.

Runtik pulls two knives from wrist sheaths.

Kirra pushes off and jumps to a stand pulls out short swords.

,,NO!'' says Spear. The sound brusts rage through the room.

Myst, Kirra, Runtik and William look at Spear. Guile coughs and sits.

Spear rubs his frace to try to remove a numb over his face and images of burning and sounds of squeaking and scretching animals and cries of people.  ''NO fight. We get out of this place.''

Guile spits and feels a buzz. He feel a buzz and a wave of swaing pain. ,,Where...'' he coughs.

Runtik stands and leaps back. She grbs a light rod and snaps.

Light glows, and rod falls to the ground in the center of the room.

Runtik and Kirra stare. Their jaws clench. Their knuckles turn white.

,,WE GO!'' says Spear.

,,Yes,'' says William. ''If Myst is okay to travel then we should be leaving this place as soon as we can leave if we can leave.''

Guile coughs and spits. ,,Where's this?''

Willaims says quick, ,,Smuggleer's hideout is where we are at,'' as Runtik says, ''A place we need to leave.''

,,Where?'' says Spear. 

Runtik leaps from the covered boxes to near Kirra. She stares at Kirra then to each on the pack. ,,We go to the ruins. Then exit through the tunnel. I will lead us from the city.''

,,You.'' Kirra peers and sneers. She seathes short swords pushing against the buzz rage thumping from her heart. ''You will lead me from you.'' She looks from Runtik to William then Spear.

Spear feels his internal buzz shake thoughts to hone a feeling of loss and departure.

Guile sits. He wipes face. ,,What we do? Where?''

Runtik says, ,,We leave this room. You follow me to the ruins. We leave the city.'' She looks at Kirra and crushes the light right.

The room goes dark.






