,,Can not be good with thoughts of bad,'' says Shake. Shake slides hand in pocket and touches file top.

Five black tightsuit people wearing tattered furs stands near a being being wearing a black suite of Branching. The entire being is covered hand to foot to head with cloths tied hear and there nearly like a mummy. Belts and pockets contrast with shades against thelight of candle.

Iza stands and stares then lunges for Shake.

Shake steps back and away with a quick feign back.

The five beings reach and grab shake. Their grips slip and snag. They pull and tear at Shake's cloths.

,,My cloths.'' Shake kickes and swings arms. He feels the speed buzz spread from hand through body wit heart beats.

He kicks wall.

Spear hears the hit against wall and stands from lean and walks to the side of building. He presses hear against the wall while watching the people on the road.

Kirra stands on the other side of the road. She looks walking the roof tops and steps to stars.

A black top pockes above the store front roof wall. Then it disappears.

Kirra looks at Spear and William talking near the door.

,,Did you hear?'' says Spear.

William pulls out swords. ,,Shake.''

Shake doesn't hear William. He hears only the breath of the people trying to hold him. He kicks and punche and bites and pulls hair.

The candle light flickers and illuminates the faces of the actors. The faces seen leaving Coal's two night's ago.

The big being wearing the Blacksuit of Branching holds a blacksuit. ,,Out.''

One of the black tightsuit beings pulls out a knife and hold it to Shake's neck.

Out side the room, from the wooden side walk to the muddy road, Kirra runs natural lane bumping only one as she strides stairs to wooden deck, leaps and slams shoulder into door.

The door bursts to splinters.

Kirra tumbles and falls to ground. Her bruised face pumps and pounds along cheek and nose.

Spear steps and leans and leaps over Kirra and hits the door with shoulder.

Door stands firms.

Spear hits with a thud, steps back, slams war hammer on the door, over, over and over. ,,WE COME!'' hollers Spear.

Wiliam hears as William pull sword and clenches guantelt fist. He runs the alley and along the solid wooden wall until wood walk way becomes mud.

Mud splats.

Wililam stops. He hears muffled sounds and Shakes echo talk through the wood.

,,SHAKE!'' says William.

Shake hears Spear then William. He whipes and  jerks body. He focus all force upon on arm and break free from arm held by Iza and another. He whips off arm of black tightsuit.

BANG! booms from door. The door rattles.

The big being wearing a branching suit, like a ninja from the Set, steps to the darkness.

Door pounds and pounds and pounds. Wood timbers fall to floor. Dust clouds.

The wall wane pounds and pounds and pounds. A boark breaks wall.

Shake wings head back slamming the nose of one.

Another wraps arm around Shake's neck and squeezes.

The five tightsuit beings and Iza grab Shake holding his wiggling body as they walk into darkness.

A door closes as a door shatters as Spear and William slam war hammers into door. 

The door's pieces fall to the ground. 

Spear and  William rush into dark room with sun light slicing darkness. Spears see the walls and doors and leads with shoulder knocking himself and door down.

William and  Spear hear doors close before and the slam war hammers against another door. 

William says near calm, ,,Is there a door Wax.''

Spear say, ,,Yes,'' and swings and hits door to hall. 

The run dark hall. 

William follows Spears feet. Spear sees dark grays and black through hall of doors.

Kirra stands and listens as Spear and William hit the second door with hammer. Then she runs out the front door and climbs up the boarded window and wall to roof.

A roof of warped wood spans narrow and long. A row of blankets lay across rim near alley. 

A black tightsuit wearing being runs along roof toweard the mountins. 

Kirra pulls bow from back and arrow from quiver and finishes the fluid motion with an arrow firing through the air.

The arrow flies by the head of the person wearing fur covering a black tightsuit with cap. 

An arrow flies and sinks into the back of the person. 

The person falls to ground. 

Kirra runs over roof.

Spear and William can hear Kirra run over roof.

Shake hears the person with arrow in back hit the roof. He feels four people hold arms and legs and feels the knife's edge around throat. 

Then bright light shines.

Feet scrap across dirt.

Ten more being wearing black  

Spear and William see the flash of sunlight at the end of a hall. They run though hall with Kirra.

Kirra runs over roof, grabs the arrow from the back of fallen person then runs to building edge and jumps on ledge. She sees...

The ten black tightsuit, the five black tightsuit hold shake. Iza and a big being earing a Branching Suit leads. 

She fires one arrow at the being wearing the Branching Suit and another at the head of the person holding a knife to Shake's throat. 

Spaer and William burst from door to alley. 

A group of ten black tightsuit beings greet with daggers and stares shine in the sun light. 

A knifes slice over Spear's Armor of Blue and chip agains the Rose Warrior plates. Knifes swing past Williams head and swing wide of William's bending stomach. A knife nips Wiliams forearm while William slams the head of war hammer against the temple of one. 

William nearly hold the war hammer like a swords and he deflects strikes from a two short swords and counters with a double handed hit into the chest of a short sword weilder and kicks the other on the knee.

A knee pops, and a scream is.

Spear swings war hammer with one arm and uses braciers to block swings of sword and knife. The war hammer head of Spear breaks a jaw and knocks on down.

The black tightsuit being holding knife to Shake's throat falls to ground. 

Shake wiggles, jerks and pulls knife strapped to wrist and stabs a shoulder, kicks a face, bites a hand. Shake falls to the ground.

The four holding Shake step away and stare at the ten attacking Spear and William.

Iza looks forward and nearly bumps into the big being wearing the Branching Suit.

The big being wearing the Branching Suit stops, turns and peers at Shake through the mask.

Shake pulls and crawls and kneels for a run. 

A burst of heat burns sight and melts taste of Shake. 

Shake falls to ground. 

The four black tightsuit beings termor, stall, then appear to drag themselves toward Spear and Willaim.

Kirra pulls bow string and arrow aiming for the being wearing the Branch Suit.

The arrow explodes. Slivers stick into Kirra's bruised face. 

Kirra stumbles back, lets bow, fall then she runs and leaps from roof to ground behind the four now running at Spear  and William.

A knife stabs Williams shoulder. 

Williams guantlet fist breaks face of one weilding knife. William's war hammer breaks a shoulder and scream. 

A dulls short swords breaks William hide coat and skin.

Dagers and blades nip and clank againt the Blue's Armor and Rose Warrior Bracer

Spear sees from side view four more beings running toward with dagger and short sword. His heat beats and mind pulses. He swing warhammer hitting head then with a fluid motion latchs war hammer and leaps and the four rushing rogues. He grapples two to the gound and knocks two back. 

KIrra looks back and pulls swords and dagger and runs at Iza and the big being wearing Branching Suit.

Iza pivots and stands in Kirra's path with arms out. 

the big being wearing Branching Suit steps back with what looks front facing Shake.

Shake feels his mucsles tighten around bones and joint freeze movements like an White Dragon's breath over water from body to toe and finger tips. His eyelids hold open. He stares at the big being wearing Branching Suit. 

Big being wearing Branching Suit steps two steps, turns and runs.

Kirra slides along mud and ice, sweps the legs of Iza and stands and runs after  the big being wearing Branching Suit.

Spear sees Kirra run after the big being. He grabs and head, twists and breaks a neck. He stabbed. He breaks a face with fists and blocks a few swipes with bracer.

Spear's heart beats the animal through veins with a flow of adrenaline.

William sees Spear's legs grow and armor plates shift and Blue Armor expand.

William sees two swords and parries botha and punches shoulder with fist making a snap and sliding sword from scabbard and slicing and arm.

Pain cuts along back pushing william lungs to shout rage and guantlet hand to swing wide of face.

William stumble and parries knive staps and short sword Slashes. 

Kirra fires arrow. 

Arrow explodes between Kirra and target.

The target runs with legs faster than body. The target stumbles fast over bedroll, an arm and leant along the alley.

People lift heads from cloth bundles to watch Kirra fire another arrow that explodes near bow. 

Face runs through slivers and a few slivers stick. 

Kirra glances back.

Shake is froze on ground. His muscles nearly feel to burst as the strain and pull tight around bones and joints. 

Spear punches and kicks faces, knees, necks, chests. 

William swings and parries. Ducks, spins and slices bodies. He parries a short sword then knocks away a dagger with guantlet. ,,Yield,'' holler William.

They do not yeild. They swing dagger and swords and nip and cut William as another dies by William's swords and by Spears claws. 

Spear's body shifts and sets like rat as plates of armor shift and set for hybrid rat form and Blue's armor stretches. 

One being clad in a black tight suite with arm nearly ripped off is the only living near Spear. The being tries to punch Spear, and punches Spear's fist. It's hand cracks and crumbles and the perons shouts then lunges at Spear. 

Spear's heart pumps, pounds and pushes the adrenline through the veins and with the rage. He swipes and bits and crushes a throat then leaps and lands on aother near William. 

William glances and sees Spear then Shake then Kirra. ,,Kirra,'' He shouts.

Shake hears, but cannot reaction for his muscle tighten. A muscle in tie pops.

Pain pops and shock tight a locked body.

Then Shake's mind loses direction of up and down Set and Rise.

Shake feels sideways and stares along the sideways Kirra.

Kirra hears William's shout. Kirra run through the alley and over piles of rotten carcas the blankets, cloth bundles, between leantos after the being wearing the Branching Suit.

William cuts stomach and punches face. ,,Yeild!'' he screams. The rage in mind strains the voice to crack as he looks at Spear. ,,Kirra.''

Spear's rat shoulders try a shrug and snout jerks back. Body follows sout and head back. Claws and paws pounch over dirt and mud, ice after Kirra. Spear runs past Iza.

Iza stares at sky and stands near Shake.

Shake's muscles begin to relax, and snapped muscle pumps with heart. Sideways becomes upside down to Shake. His body falls. His mind pulls from body along the alley past Kirra and toward the rogue running with Branching Armor. 

Kirra doesn't see Shake for it's Shake's mind that is pulled toward the Branching Armored being. She does see the being nearing after leaping over blanket bundle, skip and hop between people laying and sitting. 

The people watch, but are slow to move as if froze by the deep cold. 

Kirra sweats. She doesn't fill the fist brusies on face stink from the slivers of arrow shaft in face. 

She pulls another arrows and finds the eye and focus while running an ever path of dry dirt along a wider part of alley. 

Arrow flies space between head and shoulder of Branching Armor being. 

Kirra fires another arrow then leaps over fire pit full of coals. 

The arrow stricks the Branching Armor being's shoulder.

Shake's mind flight through the alley to Branching Armored being then away from the Branching Armored being.

A blurr of blurred Kirra, people in shanty bundles of cloth, the mud, snow, muck passes Shake.

Shake's mind snaps to body. And Shake's body. Shake blinks and sees Iza lung at his head with dagger.

Spear leaps tackles Iza to ground. 

Shake rolls to chest and looks at William.

William kicks the chest of a rushing black tightsuit attacked. The attackers rip snaps. 

The attacker clawing at William's ankles lay and calm. 

The attacker with broke rip stumbles to a scream. The attacker's face goes from emotionaless and unmoving the a wrinkled scream. 

,,Yeiled,'' hollers William.

,,Kirra,'' says Shake. ''Holler for her to return. She will listen to you.'' Shake looks at Spear. 

William and  Spear look at Shake while watching the people as they lay. 

Iza lay still and calm beneath Spear's wererat hybrid body.

Spear's Rose Warrior armor and Blue's Armor shift and set over Spear's change body.

Shake says with a shout. ,,KIRRA CHASES A MASTER MIND CONTROLLER.''

Kirra hears Shake's words, but runs near the being.

The Branching Armored being disappears.

A force like a solid wall hits Kirra as Kirra hit the force. 

Kirra falls to ground. She hears William holler, ,,BE AWARE, KIRRA!''

William and Spear run along alley toward Kirra. 

Shake watches and lays. His muscles feel like frayed string. He stares at the alley around. 

The tight black suit beings lay and moan, mumble, hold heads and wounds. Iza lays with Eyes closed. His chest rises and falls. Mud covered the ground. Bits of snow found. A few people laying on blankets and against the next building's wall look at Shake. They stare. 

Shake raises from a lay to and crouch and looks along alley.

Spear and  William run along alley and see Kirra.

Kirra rolls back to a stand grabbing sword and dagger.

The alley spans to distant. An intersection lay near the invisible force that knocked Kirra down. 

People rolls and crawl away from Kirra.

Kirra lungs short sword at air before then swipes spins and swing a swipe of swrod before and through the place where the wall once stood. 

Kirra steps to the alley intersection and looks Set and Rise along allyes. 

Mud an people spread along alley. A few campfires smolder smoke. A gust blows. Blankets are pulled over faces. The mountains lay Set and the road of the town lay rise. 

Kirra hears William and Spear.

William and Spear stope near Kirra.

All threes stand and listen and watch and hear moans, coughing, snoring and mumbling.

Mumbling is all Shake hears from the beings laying around. 

Shake looks at the faces and sees...

,,Coal's workers,'' he says. He kneels and sees...

Dead and subdued laying. They mumble and he leans to hear. ,,I don't know. I don't know. I don't know...''

Shake mumbles thoughts, ,,Controlled. Here. Why. ARe they working for Coal? Is Coal the one that is controlling? Is that someone from branching? And these suit. The tight. That is the actors. The one was from or is from branching. But how are these. If Coal? Why? A show for Coal. No. No that's...Where is...This isn't right. These are. The suits. The suits. That's way Jaxel.'' Shake strides to Ira and pull back hat and coat and sees a black tightsuit under cloth. 

Shake hollers, ,,WILLIAM,'' as he bigins pulling off the black thightsuites.

Kirra runs toward Shake.

William and Spear watch Kirra run. 

People stand and step away and trip over blankets while starring at Spear. 

Spear's body pulls to follow the sweat scent and feel of fear focused for Shake.

William runs with Spear toward Shake.

Shakesees the black tightsuit under Iza cloths. He runsalong alley towardKirra, Spear and william. He feels is body run forward, but  feels his mind pull  away like s a slingshot if the handle was pulled. 
        
The Branching Armor being appears to Shake near the beings laying around. 

The bodies on ground lift to a sit, kneel and stand. Five fall to the ground with a thump and splat as lifeless bodies to not beat or move.

The Branching Armor beig walks into Shake's mind and toward the body.

The body of Shake slows stops and falls.

Kirra sees Sees Shake's body fall. She leaps and lands and runs. Bow is pulled from Quiver hook and arrow pulled from bow and fires arrow over Shake's body. 

The arrow shoots at Braching being. 

A person wearing the black tightsuit stumbles and steps with slumped head. 

The arrows strikes its heart.

Kirra sees the death. 

William feels the death as he whispers, ,,Yield.'' He runs with sword singing ready to swing.

The people along alley sit and stand and a few cower as Spear's runs past William then Kirra.

Spears paws and claws pound and grip ground. He sees Shake's body fall and leaps over the body at the being from Branching Armored being.

Shake sees Spear leap in hime and sense feelk to leave the body. He feels a rage and rush greater than the rush he ever felt from the speed induced magic. The rage so pure that any anger Shake has felt is  a whine or pout. As Sper leaps through Shake's energy mass pulled from body and floating before the Branching armored being, Shake feels freedome from time and mind.

Shake sees his body stand like a puppet then feels a snap, the mind whip again into body.

Spear's claws and paws pound to ground.

The Branching ARmored begins grunts and coughs then it disappears. 
 
Spear falls on the Branching Armor. 

He paws it to try to rip the cover, but only unwravels ties. 

The beings once standing fall, and Shake once fallsn stands on knees and Sways.

Kirra slows step with breath barely a breeze from mouth. White cold buffs blow from mouth.

Spear inhales and inhales through snout. His body more rat than human. His hear nearly a large rat heard on a rat body.  The armor stretche and formen oaver body. 

Shake tries to try to stand by fall. He tries to talk, but only mummbles. 

William slow run to a jog then a walk looking along the alley. 

People stand. Groups of rag covered and blanket wrapped people huddle. A few with rusted swords and wooden staves and clubs a stand before those cowering and holding each other. Their skin and stares shiver.

Willaim looks at Iza then the bodies then walks to the alley along the building to the street. ,,What happened? What's going on?''

Kirra pulls the Branching Armor from ground as Spear steps away. He smells the fear and sees the small twitches in face, the soft rise of chests and thing puffs of breath.

Iza's body rolls and he moans and blinks.

William Set toward the street.

A crowd dressed in rages and pieces of fur stand and watch.

Two people walking down alley with swords drawn and leather armor with metal studs stops their step when they see William. 

,,Shake,'' says William like a command.

Shake's jaw hangs as mind spread over body. He stands and sways and stumble. ,,Branching. Coal's.'' Letters and words appear in mind in random pulses of a sentence created in mind. A smell of piss and shit flowing from the mud stops the talk and creates a studder. ''Coal's employees. Branching. Fight.'' The feelling of chaos residue left from Spear's being flows...

William looks from one alley to the next then to Spear...

Spear walks around the laying on ground sniffing. He along alley Wax. 

Kirra opens the door broke free from lock and hanging sideways over door pepning.

The wooden door falls. 

A darkness hall leads to a torche and voices...

Shake's world wobbles and dips and hand and feet move with arms and legs. Jaw pope, ,,These are Coal's employeeds.'' He loose feeling in mouth then regains feeling.

Before he can continue the talk, Kirra climbs wall and runs roof.

,,Kirra, Kirra,'' says William twice as Kirra runs.

Kirra only says, ,,Jan at Coal's.''

,,Waitwillyoubetherestopcan't,'' mumbles Shake as his speed body clashes with non-speed mind and the two lose pace.

The buzz in shake vibrates through body like an anvil struck by a hammer.

Shake keeps talking and Spear runs lifts on hid legs as back starightens...

Shake says, ,,These are people from Coal's we sent out two nights since. The, the the, the, black tightsuits. I think they help control. I think we put these people...'' He looks over the people on ground.

Half lay still near dead or dead. Eye's stare blank to sky.

''Does Kirra think Coal had these attack?'' says Shake.

,,We go,'' says William.

Shake nods. ,,Iza. We should take Iza.'' He grabs the Branching Armor and steps with William to the alley to the street.

Spear's nose twitches whiskers as his nose smells a fume of stink a mix of shit and rot, of mildew and piss. He smells goblins and lets nose lead to William and Shake.

The smell trails and lead to the crowd at the end of the alley to the road. William follows Spear.

Shake grabs the empty armor Braching Armor. He joggs behind.

The people before begin to step away then they run and scatter.

,,WERERAT!'' one shouts.

Spear's body shifts and transforms to more human rat than rat human. Spears runs and pulls war hammar from belt and sees two hobgoblins standing at the edge of the crowd spreading form his path. Spear tries to yell goblings, but only a squeek is heard and spoke.

William hears the squeek and follows the run. Shake rolls the Branching Armor and runs...

Mud splashes until they run up to the wooden walk way.

Spear leaps from the walk way to te road. 

The road clears around Spear.

Shouts of ,,WERERAT!'' travel with shouts and scream.

People look and step away. 

Spear lands and slids an scampers and then leaps at the two hobgoblins.

The two hobgoblins run toward Coal's and behind Kirra pushing their way through the crowd collecting around Spear.

Kirra runs beyond the sight of Spear. She strides over road and walkway weaves between changing path's between the people. She holds sword and dagger.

She glances back when hearing the words, ,,WERERAT!'' The runs on.

Screams and shouts and poiting finger stab at Spear as Spear runs with hybrid form through the crowd. 

,,WERERAT!''

People fall, trips and crawl away toward the wooden walk ways. Leantoes, blankets, booths and boxes are tipped. Bones, baskets, whipes, plates, pans, shirts, sheilds are kicked, pushed and tossed aside. 

Mud splats and water splashes.

People slip and fall. They crawl and climb and tumble away from Spear. The pull swords and daggers from sheaths and scabbards. They raise clubs and staves before as they move away.

Spear follow the two hobgoblins into a horde ebbing near the opposite alley. 

The hobgoblins seperate and pushes and kicking to the crowd and another ally.

,,SPEAR!'' hollers William as Wiliams steps and jumps to the road running toward Coal's and Kirra's. ''KIRRA.'' He looks at Spear and pauses for  breath before runnig ot crowd.

The crowd before doesn't move.

Shake does move and runs along the wooden walk way behind, before and between the people now slowing to a stand to stare at Spear. 

Spear hears William, but hears more than William the shouts of wererat and the rise of blades from the people masking twisted face of fright as he nears. Spear rears on hind legs and runs toward William with a twist and a turn. 

The people part the path toward Coal's and Kirra.

William follows Spear.

Stares, fingers and tips of blades follow Spear along the road.

Shake runs along the wooden staircase until the people scamper away from Spear and fill the wooden walkway then he leaps, sees Coal's, lands,  falls and stunbles through a leanto and crashes a stand holding hanging bacon. He rolls to a stand grabbing a bundle of bacon and running after William running after Spear running after Kirra.


