Myst stood alone in the Rose Pack Stadium as the rest were taken or lead or walked way from the stadium. Myst stood in the center then sat and thought. She left her self go to search, but Myst didn't feel anything, but loneliness. 

After nearly a rotations time she stood without sight and walked around the Rose Pack Stadium finding all the doors open and rooms empty and people gone.  She walked walked from the stadium and along the bridge the group travelled  to the stadium. She tried to see and feel Reighn, but the soul was silent as Myst as she walked from the bridge and through the market and wandered from bracelets, knives, staves, leather tunic, cotton tunics spread across the ground. She wandered to a fire with dwarves dancing and playing music on drums, an anvil and two flutes.

She slept near on the flat stone surface by campfire between the relief city and the walls. She slept with dwarves wearing tunics with embroidery illuminating a rainbow of colors as the slept near durms and guitars. She woke with them offering her food with hand motions and a few surface words. 

Still Myst felt to energy or burn or even emptines of Reighn. She felt nothing but hunger and ate and talked with the muscians for two rotations. She helped them learn more surface tongue and they used her as an attraction to play music around collecting more tips from people passing as they played.

A few rotations passed and she woke to find her self alone by the fire pit. The coals still warm. A small drum with a sack of food on top was all that remained. 

She had felt more alone than when she was left alone in the Rose Pack Stadium. She remained by the fire and sat on needs for nearly two more rotations fasting and focusing. People would occasionally walk past and toss a coin at Myst and a small pile gathered until one day the focus broke and hunger spead pain through her body. She stared at the drum and the sack of cooked root, two apples and dried meat in the sack, picked both up and walk from the small market and decended into the the relief building.

She began tapping on the drum as she walk between the people waking, snoring, selling and showing their wears. 

She followed a maching pack in two row formation. She hit the drum to there march and walk free and clear in the people wake after the column marched between the buildings and by people.

The people waved and the pack marching and at Myst. For the first time, in rotations she felt at peace with her dance and hit of drum and walked along the paths, between the builds and to the bazaar.

For twenty rotations she lived in the bazaar. She wandered through the people playing her drums. She sat on her cloak and hit the drums between booths and in drum circles. She slowly ate the food left to her by the muscians. She helped people close up booths of food scraps. She played her drums and withheld the desire to sing and focuse the pace of everything with the drum. 

She found rythms in the way people walked past, talked past, talk near, talked with a should. She found small clicks of shoes against stone and found the tap to beat the click and find a song with all the mass. She found the more focus she  became the more free she found her tap and the more she practiced the more people smiles until coins and trinkets like brass rings, silver chains, coppor clips, a wool scarf. She wore all these things as playe through the bazaar until one day she followed the pace of farmers from the bazaar.

They were root farmers that lead Myst through the large circular tables etched with relief images of fur covered creatures the size of a bull, but covered with thick short fur and huge black orbs for eyes that are guarded by horns grow from head and twisting around the sides of the eyes. There were reliefs of dwaves digging, hoeing and harvesting roots, mushrooms and moss into basket that are dumped into bins that are loaded on wagons and pulled by a six legged beast with a hump on the shoulders. The root farmers lead her from the tunnel to open areas of cavern covered with moss and six and four legged beings etched to the walls of the tunnel.

The famers Myst had met and played for at the Bazaar for a few rotations. They gave her warm food and smiles. One named Linal knew surface talk and was able to talk with Myst through the day. Myst told Linal everything. She told Linal that she had no direction of where to go. Linal offered that she could stay with them for a few rotations in exchange for some music and work with the animals.

The animals were the ones seen four legged bullsized with big orb eyes guarded by horn were Binizar Gra. The larger and more a bird with out winds and two more legs were called Binizar Qwal. Both animals were grown for slaugther and for work and for milk.
                  
Myst's job was with the two animals. She feed them and cleaned their bins. She played for them causing them to walk fast or slow depending on how fast she tapped her drums. She helped slaughter one of the animals feeling sorrow after the kill, but feeling an ensight to life and a deeper devotion to avoid the eating of animals. 

She played her drums and sought to see and feel the song of Reighn but the song was not even a faded memory. It was gone no matter how long or hard she pounded her drum.

She did pound hard sending deep thumps echoing through the caves and tunnels. The sounds flowing through the herd and the farms. Both appearing soothed by the pace and melody sung with the pace of the pound.

After ten rotations her pound songs felt to fade and the inspiration was washed way like the voice of Reign in her mind.

The sound of the drum pounded the feet through the tunnels and over the bridges and through the bazaar and to the top of a bare building.

For the remaining rotations she rationed her food, slept on her cloak, and only left the building top to seek a place to urinate or deficate. She prayed. She cried. She pleaded. She hoped. She played her drum and sang her sole alone ontop of the building top until one day a dwarf wearing a tunice and cap.

The dwarf stepped from the hemp bridge on to the building top. He starred at Myst for span of a long song then waiting for the song to complete for he asked. ,,Are you in need of help?"

Myst looked at the dwarf and tapped the top of drum with a light touch. She shook her head, said, ,,No." She smiled then look at the dwarves soft blue eyes and white strains of air streaked through gray. She exhaled.

,,Are you lost," he said. He stepped close with a hobble. He held his back and grinched.

,,Yes," says Myst, "But I know where I am at."

The old dwarf noded. 

,,Do you nee help," said Myst.

The dwarf looked to the ground and lifted head with a leading smile. ,,Yes."

The Myst stood.

The dwarf tried to stand upright, but growned and remained hunched.

Myst latched her drum onto a loop on her cloak. She spread her arms. ,,Whatever you need, I will try to give."

,,Help walking," said the dwarf. He noded and seemed to almost tip over from the motion.

Myst said, ,,I can help you." She smiled and winked. She pulled on her mace, threw cloak over shoulder. She picked up her pack then began to pick up some food bits. He stuffed the food in an empty pack pocket and looked at the dwarf. "Sorry. Sorry. I," She pulled on her pack straps. She said, ''Myst. My name is Myst."

,,Slaten."

They noded and Myst grabed Slaten's hand, and he twisted his head to look up at her. ,,Thank you, Myst." 

Myst smiled, noded. ,,My pleasure. I have no where to go and no one to see.'' She looked at Slaten. "Where will your journey take us she said."

,,Near the furnaces. Near the Red wall." He shook and smiled. "I got some, some, business to see to."

They walked over bridge. Myst talked at the prodding of Slaten. Myst tried to ask questions of Slaten, but all questions were answered with swat of a shaking hand and a quick, ,,I'm too old to be interesting."

The walk from the bridges and to small collections of camps and leantos and shops were she first slept and found her drum. 

They stopped near that spot when Slaten looked at Myst.

,,Well," he said in a smooth common. "I best be on my way."

Myst smiled and opened eyes wide. ,,But your not there yet."

He smiled. ,,I'm here. But you still need to travel."

,,Oh, I do," said with a laugh.

His face and wrinkles fell. ,,You have many roads to travel." He slowly nodded then looked beyond her and began to walk away.

She grabbed him and asked if he know where she should go. 

He looked at her, said with a blank look. ,,You go where it began to find a new way." He then walked way shaking with steps.

Myst stood. She hit top of her drum. The drum thumped. And note sound. It was faint note, but it was a sweet note singing beyond her body. It felt to pull and drug her body, but before she could step the sound faded. ...Unit she struck the drum again and another note.

She played the drums and followed the pull of Reighn's song over the switch backs, into the doors to the halls inside the walls, down the hall, up the spiral stairs to the room she and her friends first stayed when in the dwarven land.

The song she found flowing in her mind seeping deep side her showing her all she had grown to find with Reighn. The more she played the drums the more the song was heard. The more she heard the song the faster she played.

She began to sing and cry nose as emotion flooded over her. 

Then she heards a familiar voice say, ,,Myst, are you okay?"

Then Myst cries as the song of Reighn fills her find and body hears the warm sound of friends speaking her name.

,,Myst," says William. 

Myst slows the pound on the drum to a tap. Tears fall from face. Her chin quivers. Her eyes open wide and she lunges for William and hugs him around William's armor squeezing as if it were flesh. Then she pulls away and wipes her eyes while smile with tear streaked face. 

Kirra, Minst, William, Jan and Spear stand around Myst. Spear looks beyond and though the door then walks to the balcony. Jan walks to Myst and lowers head and looks at Myst. Kirra  pulls the ties of her leather armor to loosen it from body and walks around the room. Minst walks and stand by Myst, ,,Where have you been?"

Myst sniffs and wipes tears from cheek. She looks up at Minst. ,,The city, the people, everywhere."

,,Why the tears?" says William walking on knees near Myst. He opens his arms. 

,,Reighn," says Myst. She stands, clears thoat and clears the sorrow from voice. She says firm, but with a smile. "Reighn. I had lost Reighn. The with the drum I sang with Reighn for the first time since the trial." She looks at Myst. "I was wondering through the city until i was inspired and lead to here. I've been..." She looks around the room. "Lost."

,,Now you are found," says William.
 
Myst glances at William and looks to the balcony. ,,How are we to leave? And when?"

Kirra looks through her pack for slime while Jan sit to look through hers.

Spear walks to the balcony'e edge. ,,Grun said Hern would show us the path to the surface."

,,I will miss here," says Minst.

Kirra looks up from pack and pivots head side to side. Jan looks from Kirra then to Myst. ,,I will miss it, but there is a force pulling my will away."

Myst V's brow. ,,Force?"

,,The goblins," says Spear. 

William nods and follows the words. ,,They have returned. They infest the canyon and the valley in numbers. Their city has grown along with that tower."

,,Are we leaving with out Shake?" says Myst.

,,Shake," says William. "I haven't thought." He looks around then to Spear. 

,,Hern," says Minst. "We can ask Hern?"

Spear and Kirra look at the door. 

Hern steps up the stair and through the door. ,,Shake is gone."

