Myst stands in darkness next to gnomes and a few hugoblins wearing gray robes or gray cloaks and hats like caps for the top of head.

Myst whistles with lips and hums with throat.

The whistels and vibration span from Myst and sing with clicks, slaps and snaps created by the other beings standing and singing with sounds of the body as one.

Myst's whistles and hums become the whistles and hums of the song.

The song fills the dark with light that Myst sees. She sees each being as it stands and sways the sight of the body become ripples of sound that span with claps and snap.

The bodies and robes sing away to shades of notes for the song.The song spreads from the room and flows through the countless tubes large and small sending soothing vibrations over Kirra, Spear and William.

Myst sees William and feels his body sleep then his body fades as she flows through the tubes to send a signal to a guard to wake, a sound to warn another that it is time to open a venting gate to let the air flow with the sounds.

The song spreads into rooms where beings blow glass near furnaces and shovel coal to the beat and flow of the song. The song spreads through massive glass buildings spaning to a light letting whispering bits of song sing to kids and parents.

the song vibrates through cones and notes aroound tunnels of glass from Myst and to Myst.

Myst's song sings her body. Her body flows and twists around the room. It sings from the circle and become a lone voice as Myst is sung from the room to a cell.

the song becomes all as Myst finds water and food to eat in the dark. Between the chews and swallows, the sound sings from her nose and with her chomp of food. 

Then the song guides her to wamr water that wets her white sheets. She sings until wet, naked and dried. She sings was she plls a robe over her body and finds her drum near a pools edges.

She walks with a chorus of beings creating that one sound with hands, feet mouths and bodies. 

A hugoblin no taller than Myst pounds his chest witha thump to pace the walk of the group while Myst's vibrating throat heeps the rhythm of their sway as they walk way from the water and food into the room the node where their song become big and louds and spans.

In a vast room of song Myst rises through the tubes to sing messages from people in rooms, sing soothing vibrations through the roots of plants, send her soul along the tiny holes of the gladiators home while darkness lays over their bodies.

Myst sings through sleeps and wake letting here snores spread a vibration that sings to Spear, Kirra and Willliam.


