,,Shake,'' says William like sad song.

Smoke fills flows from bed to window.

A burnt body in burn robe lays near Shake. 

Myst blows beats.

William steps into smoke and flame. 

Minst clicks and things and wave hand.

A tall invisible wall from florr to ceiling holds the smoke.

Spear follows. 

Smoke flow out window.

Flare grabs Spear's white robe and pulls it from body and tosses it past Kirra. 

The hall is quiet and empty. 

Kirra pulls sword from scabbard and dagger from sheath. Kirra walks the hall...

No sounds from hall end is heard.

Flare follows Kirra pulling small shield from back and short sword from belt.

Sound from room begin with Myst.

Myst lets robe, pack and drum fall and steps into room. The drum hits a pound. Myst blows.

Guile reads Shake's mind. 

Shake is numb. Shake is calm. Shake stares at the ceiling. Shake thinks nothing.

Blood Spreads from Shake.

,,Shake,'' says William. ''Shake.'' William reaches for bed and sheet and hits a wall. 

Spear reaches and grabs sheet and rips sheet and tosses it to William, steps to the smoldering corps.

Smoldering corps lays on back with arms wide and legs spread. A thin blade dagger with jagged edge his held in the smoldering corps's hand.

Spear looks at the knife.

And Myst steps by Spear and blows short breathes and closes eyes. Mind finds the sound scape.

The sound scape spans round the beed and through the smoke and over Shake.

Shake breathes shallow.

And Myst blows beats and humms with throat.

William takes the sheet tossed by Spear and press it on soulder. ''Shake,'' say will near like singing. 

Spear steps on the forearm.

The robe flakes to ash and fleahs squishes against bone. The fingers of hand move. Ash fall from fingers. 

The smoldering body moans and fingers grib knife.

Guile sees the knife and sees a twinkle in a red gem at end of hilt. Guile sees no thought of Shake nor feels. Guile steps past Spear and kneels by Shake. He pulls open Shake's eyelids and blows on eyes then lowers ear to mouth to feel and hear Shake's faint breath.

Shake's faint breath blows with Myst. 

Myst blows and whistles a soft tune with throat calm.

The Stare of Reighn warms.

Shake's hears only Myst's breath and throat hummn. He doesn't hear William.

,,Shake,''  William says. William hears Myst's sounds and feels calm spread over stressed arms pressing on Shakes shoulder.

Spear says, ,,This one is alive.' He places foot over burn neck of being. 

,,That's the knife that stabbed, Shake,'' says William. ''Small  blade.'' Wiallim looks at Shake, He talks low and fast and feel from calm to nervers ,,What were you don't Shake? What did you do? What did you do?'' Hetalks to silence. 

Minst looks at William, Shake, Spear and Myst. He looks along hall.

Hall empty sans Kirra and Flare.

Kirra hears a near perfect march step of a group from the stares.

Flare says, ,,Sixteen Square.'' Flare steps back. ''Into another room.''

Kirra stands.

A door near Kirra and Flare opens.

A head appears.

Kirra peers the head to go back into the darkness and close the door.

Flare hears the door shut. Spear hears the door shut.

Myst whistles a soft quiet song only William and Shake and Guile hear.

Guile hears the song through Shake's mind as Guile sees the ceiling through Shake's sight. Guile's sight is double sight from his eyes and Shake's eyes. Guile sees from his eyes the breathing burnt being with knife gripping in hand.

The burnt hand and wrist are held fast by Spear's toe.

Spear hears Flare and feels her voice. 

Flare says, ,,Soldier's come.''

,,William,'' says Spear.

,,Shake,'' says William. ''Shake.''

Shake humm..

Spear grabs William and pulls. ,,We need to move Shake, now.''

,,Soldiers come,'' says Flare as she stands by door. 

Minst stands by Flare and walks to Kirra to stairs.

,,How are we going to move him!'' says William pressing the cloth against Shake's shoulder. William looks at Spear. ''Where!''

Minst holds three components in on hand as he grabs componets with the other from belt. He smashs them in fist and tosses them at Shake' ,,GIRTUO..''

A shimmer shines around Shake. The shimmer and Shake rises from the ground.

,,Where we go?'' 

William leans over hunched and presses against Shake shoulders.

Myst whistles.

The whistele blow cools a burn through Shake from his should. It feels is tight lungs expand and breathe. It blows away the pain.

Minst float to the door. 

,,And this one,'' says Spear.

Guile blinks away the sight through Shake's eye, grabs the dagger from brunt beings hand and stabs the throat of burnt bieng.

The burnt being gasps and quivers. 

Spear looks at Guile. 

Guile feels calm fuuzy feeling flow over body and being. He pills the knife from the thoat and follows Shake.

Spear stares, and Myst skips a beat seeing the knife stab into throat.

Guile looses the connection with Shake, and looks down at the knife.

A red gem on dagger's hilt tip twinkles. The handle is a small statue of a goblin holding a gem.  The small statue hilt bend leggs and waist and arms to fit into Guile's hand.

The pack walk from room to hall.

Sounds of armar scraping armor flows from stairs to hall.

Kirra steps from stairs and sees a dim light shine from around the curve. She looks along hall and waves hand and arm fasts.

,,Run,'' says Spear.

The pack runs the red hall with Shake floating on disk.

Flare follows the pack and scans the ground for blood splats and foot prints.

Minst's food steps soot from the room door to hall.

,,Minst, boot, stain,'' Flare says.

Minst looks down, sees the boot print stain soot on the floor. He glides the disk hovering Shake near then steps on.

The disk glides past Kirra.

Kirra steps back.

The light around the spiral stairs brightens.

The click of cadence is heard louder than a whisper.

Flare steps last past, and Kirra follows.

The pack runs after Spear.

Spear run with warhammer swinging to cornor to hall.

Around the cornor to hall, from Rise to Set, Spear sees only red hall and light. 

Black doors are closed. 

Widnows at the end of hall are open.

Spear wave hands toward hall then walk forward toward the Wiindow the the Set. 

Minst, Shake, William, Msyt, Flare then Kirra step around the cornor to the red hall.

Kirra peers around the cornor.

The Soldier four by four marches single flie from stairs and froms and four by four square of soldiers that raise shiels and swords as they step to the room.

Kirra raises hand and points at wall.

Spear and Flare push on doors and pull door latches. 

Four more soldiers steps from stairs and steps to ward the hall and the pack.

Kirra leaves the corner of halls and walks quiet to the pack.

One door, another door, another door are shuts. Then another and another are pressed.

Kirra pushes on doors and latches.

The knife in Guile's hand glows and red jewel on hilt glimers. 

Guile stick the knife in a lock and twists. 

A door opens before Guile.

,,Door,'' says Guile. 

Kirra says, ,,Go.''

She strides to Kirra and stands by door. Spear nudges aside Guile and steps into the darkness.

Minst guides the disk with Shake though the door and hall. 

Guile, Flare and Kirra follow. 

The door close and clicks. 

Candle light flicker on a small desk and on the window seal.

A black sihlouette leaps from a bed with a growl. Another sihlouette

The big sihlouette growls. 

Minst clicks and saps and spreads hands. 

A room smaller room with on window between two beds sprans after a short hall and door. The door is shut. The floor is white and clutttered with cloths, robes and mud
. 

An ogre illuminates leaping from bed and at Spear. It's naked green body slams into Spear.

Spaer and the ogre fall to ground.

Anohter ogre rolls and steps from bed. 

Flare throws her shield hitting the other ogre in the head. 

The ogre falls like it is dead.

Spear grapples, holds the big ogre's body and covers the ogre's large mouth and tusks protruding over lips. He slips other forearm under jaw.

Yellow snot blows from the ogres big like nose. Its fat lips steck to Spear's arm.

The ogre squirms and pulls at Spear's arms. 

,,Move, I break neck,'' says Spear.

Flare clicks and clacks and steps to the other ogre. She kneels and feels the breath of the other ogre then click and clacks.

The ogre in Spear's grib relaxes.

The room is a quiet.

Kirra presses ear to door.

Flare knees by the ogre laying on ground.

The ogre in Spear's arms tries to move arms fastened to back with one of Spear's arms. It grunts. It's stomach and breats shake under wool. 

Kirra hears soldiers step near. She raise two finger and points to door.

The ogre grunts. 

Flare puts sword tip near thoart of the skinny ogre on ground. Flare looks at the ogre and covers mouth.

The orgre stares.

Flare motions a stab and uncovers an open mouth and motions a stabe.

The ogre Calms in Spear's arms.

The only sound in room is Myst's soft blows from mouth as she lower her mouth near Shak'e stabs shoulder.

Shake's stabbed shoulder bleeds. 

Blood spreads over the bed.

William's cloth and had are covered in blood. 

Myst blows soft notes that are hear by Spear.

Spear look at Kirra.

Kirra listens through door.

The foot stops of the soldier.

Kirra raises a hand. 

Myst blows soft notes long and smooth. 

The sound sings through the flesh, blood and bone.

Blood warms and bleed between the cuts and veings. 

Myst blows a near silent song.

Guile's wheeze and mouth breathing

Spear hears the song from Myst as a faint whistle while Shake and William hear it as a louds song blow over whind chimes timing their minds.

William presses blood soaked cloths against Shake. ,,Shake,''' he says near a whisper.

Shake stares. And Guile stares through Shakes eyes. He sees in Shakes mind.

Shake's thoughts of letting go of the focus of the ceiling, the bed, the pack. Shake has flashes of colors through mind. Thoughts of Shake sleeping sleeping in Shake's sleeping mind while a distant whistle song pays chimes, whistles and a harp pullsing Shake to awaken.

Guile stares through his own eyes hearing Myst's song as if sung next to his ear.

Myst whispers with whistle soft and calm. 

The song sing the blood to bond and flesh.

Myst grabs William's blood hand and cloth and pull them from the stab. 

The sounds of the song sooth a burn through Shake as Shake sweats.

As the song sings, tthe pack holds stance and glance at all and Kirra.

Kirra heas boots steep on wood near door.

Loud click and clacks are heard that feel to sing with the song of Reighn sung from Myst's lips.

Myst's lips near kiss Shake's should as she whispers her song to the wound.

The song seals a the stabw to a black line with puss.

Myst rise and closes eyes and mouth and sits by Shake. She says soft, ,,My Myst cure with your song.''

He grabs the cold stare of Rieghn.

Guile hears the song in Shake's mind continues as Myst stops.

Shake blinks and beaths. He licks lips. ,,William.''

Wiliam puts his hand over mouth.

Kirrra has her ear over door.

Boots run to door.

Kirra grabs sword. She looks at Spear.

Spear says quiet, ,,William.''

William stars at Shake. 

The floor creaks beneath Spear's feet.

The clicks and clacks silence.

Shake's body convules and quivers. Eyes roll back, and mouth goes slack. His hand hits a lamb, William, Myst, the bed and walls. 

The lamp shatters.

The ogre grabbled by Spear gurggles and twists. 

A knock comes through door. 

Shake flops on floor. His foot his flare hand holding knife. Knife cuts the laying ogres cheek.

The ogre in Spear's grasp roars through squeezed thoart and clenched teeth.

Spear squeeses arm around the ogre's neck.

The orgre twists and slams elbows into Spear.

Shake quivers still.

Guile feels the shake and pain and release and feels Shake's mind slip into the wind song of Reighn song by Myst.

The music of reighn plays in Shake's mind loud and long and louder than the pounds on door.

,,Shake,'' says Guile. Guile stands. 

Shake lays still on floor.

,.Myst,'' says William. ''What.''

Myst sits with eyes close. ,,The poison is too loud a song to sing to free from his body.'' She looks at Shake. ''We need to leave.''

William grabs Shake's shoulders and lifts him up. ,,Shake. Shake. Wake. We need...''

,,His mind is gone,'' says Guile. ''There is no focus for life for it is aside his is hearing only a loud song.

The door pounds. Loud clicks and clacks are clacked and click.

Flare says, ,,They want in.''

Spear says through clenched teeth. ,,William.''

Dark  brown drool seems through the ogre's mouth. It ga

William looks. Guile looks at Shake. Myst looks at the inside of her minds with the pounds on the door shake the frame.

Kirra puts back against door, pulls off rope and pulls dagger from sheath. ,,We go now.''

Flares stands with shield and sword. ,,We fight. The soldiers will attack until ther are nod soldiers left.'' 

,,Shake,'' says William.

,,William,'' says Myst. ''We need to=''

The door thumbs. 

,,Hit with shoulder,'' says Kirra.

,,Can you fly, Minst,'' says William.

,,Yes,'' says Minst. Minst stumble sand pulls and pushe and shift rope. ''Yes, I...'' He drops three components. ''I-''

,,Fly Shake away. Take him to a temple,'' says William. 

,,Or our privous hotel.''

,,THENAMEOFLASTHOTELTHATCARLOSHADAROOM,'' says Guile. He looks at Myst. ''Fly to THENAMEOFLASTHOTELTHATCARLOSHADAROOM. The name was THENAMEOFTHEPERSONCARLOSHASHIGHEREDTORUNHISHOTEL.'' 

Spear says ,,We live as one. We die as one.''

,,No,'' says William in hushed tones.

Click and clacks are...

,,A warning,'' says Flare as she steps to door and kirra.

William says i n husded tone, ''We climb down after subing knocker and walks to do.''

Spear says, ,,You can't climb.''

The orgre in speams arms goes limbs.

Spear feels the ogre's heart beat slow. And Spear rolls and throws Spear over shoulder and stands with war hammer in hand as he says, ''Kirra arrows.'' 

As Spear speaks, Minst picks three components bags from ground

As Spear speaks, Flare stands with foot side and door bottom and small shield forward with sword sword ready to strike. 

As Spear speaks, Kirra pulls bow from back and arrow from quiver and aims.

As Spear speaks, William looks at Myst and steps to Shake and looks at door.

As Spear speaks, Myst's song of Reighn silences.

As Spear speaks, Guile grabs the hilts of Heart Dagger and Gem Dagger and  steps behind Minst to the back of the room. He stares at the door.

As Spear speaks, a thumb upon door cracks board.

All the pack poses. 

As Spear says, ,,Open door,'' Flare opens door.

Kirra fires an arrow by Flare's head into face of one of four goblins swinging log-sized battering ram  at Flare.

Flare follows Kirra's arrom with a spin awake from the battering ram and at the goblin next to the goblin with arrow slamming her shield in face and swork in gut.

The battering ram slides into room. 

William leaps over battering ram, stumbles into hall. Gauntlet covered hand grabs the black chain mail of another soldier.

The fourth soldier steps from door and grabs hilt of sword, click and clacks.

An arrow flies from Kirra's bow into the throat of the forth soldier.

Spear steps into all holding spear with one arm and hand and holding war hammar with other arm and hand. ,,None for me.''

Five soldiers run around corner into the hall. Their black chainmail, small shields, black boots and coils appear to float around black green face and hands. The red studded leather blends with walls.

Kirra fire's an arrow and hits a face.

Four soldiers run. 

William pulls long sword from scabbard and parries a swing of short sword while punching face of the soldier. 

The soldier falls to the ground. 

A third soldier swings sword at Flare. 

Flare blocks with shield and swing sword down at the soldier.

The sword swipes by the soldier's head.

The soldier kick Flare.

The forth and fifth soldier raise shield, step back and run around cornor. 

Kirra, Spear and William run after soldiers four and five.

Soldiers four and five lead Kirra, Spear and  William to a groups of four and five soldiers.

The fifth soldier's of groups raise blow guns to mouths and blow.

Darts fly past and at Spear, Kirra and William. Darts hit Speark, Kirra, William, a few soldiers and the wall. 

Darts fly behind the back of the soldiers fight Flare.

Flare block two swings and cuts shoulder leather with sword.

Myst seearch for sound as she finds her mace. She pulls her drum to back and steps to the hall and darts.

Minst grips his components and steps along wall behind Myst.

Guile stands in room and stabs the jewelled dagger into the neck of the fat ogre. 

The ogre gasps and chokes.

The jewel of the hilt twinkles. A warm flow from the handle through Guile. 

Guile stand and looks at the jeweled dagger's hilt and stares.

Blood drops from the dagger blade.

Guile doesn't see Flare who is beyond the bloody dagger blade.

Flare blocks a sword swipe and steps from a kick. 

The foot hits Flare's knee. 

Her knee buckles. Pain spikes. Flare hold form and swings at the kicking leg's knee.

Flares sword cuts soldier's knee, breaks soldier knee cap.

The soldier falls.

Flare steps into hall and Spear's roar.


The soldiers form squares and surround, soldiers knee. The soldier blow darts. The soldier raise swords.

Darts hit and fall. A dart stick into Minst's hand.

Minst clicks and snaps and points. 

Darts hits invisible wall and fall.

Minst pulls dart from hand. 

,,ARE THERE OTHER STAIRS, FLARE,'' hollars William as he parries a short sword strike. 

,,NO,'' hollars Flare raise shield to near head and rush by Myst and Minst and at soldiers, Kirra, William and Spear.

Spear grips Shake, spins away from blade and slams war hammar head upon leather coif covered skull. He kicks face of soldier kneeling with blow gun aimed at Shake.

Kirra rushes a four person soldier square with forearms covering head and short sword and dagger blades pointing down.

Darts hit Kirra's forearms.

Two steps from the soldiers, Kirra swipes at two soldiers standing beind two soldiers kneeling. She stabs the dagger into eye of on soldier kneeling, gribbing shield. Then begins to kick the other dart blower on the ground while parrying soldiers' short swords. 

Three soldiers rising shield and stabbing with short swords rush Willam.

William steps to side swings long sword to knock the short swords away from his body, steps to side and swing gauntlet fist beyind small shield upon the side of face of goblinHe looks behind to find Minst and Myst and Flare. ,,GUILE,'' says William as small shield slams his face.

Guile hears William, but stares at the red jewel on the dagger hilt.

Then the Heart Dagger thumbs with Guile and beats the body and pulls the mind from the jewel. 

Guile steps and puts the jewelled dagger in sheath and walks with heart dagger to the door, the hall and the dead soldiers and Myst and Minst standing along hall.

Myst holds cloak above face and hands. Darts hand from cloak. Myst closes eyes and humms a flat tone low and bold as she walks toward the soldiers fighting....

Darts hit Myst's cloak. The darts lead the rush of soldiers.

Soldiers rush the pack and soldiers step back and a few enter rooms and walk down the stairs. Soldiers rush. Soldiers click and clack in rhythm and pace.

Soldiers attack. One soldier slams small shield on William's face. One soldier stabs Kirra's thigh with knife point hitting steel stud. One soldiers blows a dart hitting Kirra's ear. One soldier hits Shake with small shield. One soldiers hits Spear with small shiled. 

A loud click snaps the rattles.

Minst, Guile, Flare hear a loud click that rattles outside the clicking and clacking song of the soldiers.

Kirra, William, Flare and Spear feel electric shock pulse the body then dim.

Minst seen a glimmer around Kirra, William, Flare and Spear. 

Flare says, ,,Warrior Wizard.'' 

Spear hears and says, ,,WARRIOR WIZARD.''

Minst slids components from belt snaps and clicks and steps into hall after Myst.

A few darts fly for Myst and Minst but stop and fall near their bodies.

Guile stands by corner and peers around edge. He peeks at Shake.

Shake flops on Spear's back. Blood stain his shoulder and harms. 

Guile hears Spear holler, ,,WIZARD WARRIOR,'' as he runs behind Minst.

A door door opens near Kirra then his shut. One, two, three goblins slam the door with small shields. Screams come from the room.

Kirra stumbles after dagger punches ankle and she hears screams, but dones't break leather armor and emotional armor. She rolls over a kneeling goblin blowing dart at Kirra's face.

The dart stinks and heel of bood and snaps free as a short sword sung by soldier goblin swings to hit Kirra spinning after dive and before roll to ground.

A wood knot taps Kirra's spind. 

Kirra rolls to a stand and swipes and slashes with short swords and  stabs with dagger while stepping, duckinging, jumping from soldiers short swords and small shields.

As Kirra rolls and stands, William grabs the kneck of a soldier with guantlet and punches other soldier's head with head on neck in guantlet's grasp while parrying a short sword swing and swinging armor plated shouler and wooden small shield. A few darts hit his chest, and one hits his cheek.

As Kirra rolls and stands, Flare slams steel small shield at the face of a soldier and stabbs its stomach then leaves swords in stomach and spins to block a swords stick. A dart sticks through neck.

Spear slams war hammer into chainmail coid of soldiers.

Soldier stops the rhyhm click and clacks, falls.

Spear slams body in small shield and knocks a solder and steps on the soler and runs into the scattered packs of soldiers while feeling darts and skin and a sword slash back. He hollers, ,,WIZARD WARRIOR.''

Clicks and clack sound from the soldiers rhythm. 

Soldiers sing swords and shields, run to and from, stand in groups and form a funnel to more soldiers. Blow guns are blown through. Darsts fly at the the pack. Soldiers break in doors and tackle near naked beings from dark rooms and screams. Soldiers spread and form loose grouds. Soldiers group around the pack. Soldiers part from Spear as Spear roars.

Soldiers attack and evade. One dives from Williams blade while another slams shield into William's shoulder while three more blow darts that his William. One soldier cuts Kirra's armor along the arm. One solker slams the side of Kirra's head. One solders stabs Williams, and William's Blue's Armor does not break, but the blunt force breaks Williams skin and kicks William's bone.

William stumbles, and hits soldier running for Myst and trips another running to other hall. 

Both the golbins run in the wake of Spear.

As Spear shouts, ,,WIZARD WARRIOR,'' Myst hits a tone from a whisper to loud note.

The note sound through the clicks and the clacks and the Wizard's warriors snaps and lets a soldier glow with sound for William, Minst and Guile. 

the notes play around the soldiers. 

The song spreads through the pack vibrating away pain from punchs, kicks and darts.

Darts fall before Minst and by Minst as Minst click and clack invisibile shiled to be. He touches spin of books between a snap then smells each component as the walk becomes a near run along the all of walls and soldiers.

Kirra stabs short sword into the stomach of soldier holding shield.

Flare yells, ,,FORKED LIGHTING!''

The clics and clacks from soldier rhythm slow.

The soldiers spread a path between Spear and a hugoblin dressed in red leather and black bone mail. 

The soldier in black bone mail wears small shield on writes snaps rapped clicks and clacks 

Minst hollers, ,,SPEAR!''

Guile sees to Shake, >SHAKE!<

Shake blinks and stares at ground. A deep pain 

Spear drops Shake. Spear roars louder than the black dragon.

The Wizard Warrior snaps.

A lighting clab slaps against the soldiers and walls. A bright light shines, fades.

A bold of lighting strikes Spear.

Darkness is for those who sees with eyes.

A few soldiers dive from Spear. 

Myst sings her tone as William hollers and feels to stares, ,,STAIRS.'' They hears the lightening clap on Spear. 

Spear is pushed from feet and dragged to lay on floor. 

The lighting fork flow from Spear, and The lighting bolts strike wood.

Wood smolders. 

Ears ring and sting. Heart thumps are heard in head. 

William yells, ,,SPEAR. STAIRS. NOW,'' and the sound is heard as a distant echo by the pack.

The thunder clab becomes a drum beat in the song of Reighn singing for Minst, William and  Shake.

They feel light.

As Spear shouts, ,,WIZARD WARRIOR,'' Myst hits a tone from a whisper to loud note.

The note sound through the clicks and the clacks and the Wizard's warriors snaps and lets a soldier glow with sound for William, Minst and Guile. 

the notes play around the soldiers. 

The song spreads through the pack vibrating away pain from punchs, kicks and darts.

Darts fall before Minst and by Minst as Minst click and clack invisibile shiled to be. He touches spin of books between a snap then smells each component as the walk becomes a near run along the all of walls and soldiers.

Kirra stabs short sword into the stomach of soldier holding shield.

Flare yells, ,,FORKED LIGHTING!''

The clics and clacks from soldier rhythm slow.

The soldiers spread a path between Spear and a hugoblin dressed in red leather and black bone mail. 

The soldier in black bone mail wears small shield on writes snaps rapped clicks and clacks 

Minst hollers, ,,SPEAR!''

Guile sees to Shake, >SHAKE!<

Shake blinks and stares at ground. A deep pain 

Spear drops Shake. Spear roars louder than the black dragon.

The Wizard Warrior snaps.

A lighting clab slaps against the soldiers and walls. A bright light shines, fades.

A bold of lighting strikes Spear.

Darkness is for those who sees with eyes.

A few soldiers dive from Spear. 

Myst sings her tone as William hollers and feels to stares, ,,STAIRS.'' They hears the lightening clap on Spear. 

Spear is pushed from feet and dragged to lay on floor. 

The lighting fork flow from Spear, and The lighting bolts strike wood.

Wood smolders. 

Ears ring and sting. Heart thumps are heard in head. 

William yells, ,,SPEAR. STAIRS. NOW,'' and the sound is heard as a distant echo by the pack.

The thunder clab becomes a drum beat in the song of Reighn singing for Minst, William and  Shake.

They feel light.

The room is quiet.

Then Myst sings sound to ears.

The pack hears the song from her mouth through the hollow echo all sound. 

Shake movers and begins to crawl to the soldiers standing and starring after the lighting clap away. A few soldiers crawl to feet. He crawls for the stairs. He looks back at Spear and crawls to stairs.

Guile runs along the walk toward Shake and the stair entrance and behind the backs of soldiers. Heart dagger and Jewelled Dagger in hands. Hand and knifes hidden in the long sleeves of white robe. 

His breathe and feet fell the silence in the lull of Myst song as Myst nears Spear and soldiers.

A soldiers sees and hears Guile.

Pass and clicks.

A few soldiers clack.

The soldiers click and clack and move and attack.

One swings sword at Guile's head. 

Guile ducks, steps twist ankle, steps pain stabs with Heart dagger. Heart Dagger hits copper small shield.

The copper shield hits Giule's face. Copper shield and Guile's face creates a gong sound with song of Myst.

Guile falls.

Shake sees Guile fall, and scramble from Spear to Guile and door.

Spear hits grouns, slides on ground, lays on ground and hears all, but his heart but feels the rage pound body from sockets with mucsle flexing and pushing arms and bones to shape.

The room is quiet.

Then Myst sings sound to ears.

The pack hears the song from her mouth through the hollow echo all sound. 

Shake movers and begins to crawl to the soldiers standing and starring after the lighting clap away. A few soldiers crawl to feet. He crawls for the stairs. He looks back at Spear and crawls to stairs.

Guile runs along the walk toward Shake and the stair entrance and behind the backs of soldiers. Heart dagger and Jewelled Dagger in hands. Hand and knifes hidden in the long sleeves of white robe. 

His breathe and feet fell the silence in the lull of Myst song as Myst nears Spear and soldiers.

A soldiers sees and hears Guile.

Pass and clicks.

A few soldiers clack.

The soldiers click and clack and move and attack.

One swings sword at Guile's head. 

Guile ducks, steps twist ankle, steps pain stabs with Heart dagger. Heart Dagger hits copper small shield.

The copper shield hits Giule's face. Copper shield and Guile's face creates a gong sound with song of Myst.

Guile falls.

Shake sees Guile fall, and scramble from Spear to Guile and door.

Spear hits grouns, slides on ground, lays on ground and hears all, but his heart but feels the rage pound body from sockets with mucsle flexing and pushing arms and bones to shape.

The Rose Warrior Armor shifts.

Soldiers stare at Spear and step away. A few soldiers raise blow guns as they step form Spear.

Many other soldiers pound in doors, click and clack, swing and swipe at the pack.

Myst, William and Minst converge over Spear. 

Minst says loud. ,,MOVE! ANOTHER SPELL!'' He grabs and pulls William from feets and grabs Spear.

Spear brusts from ground with a flip to feet and an loud squeak.

The squeak piece pain in head.

Soldiers and pack put hand over ears. 

Spear runs the soldier tunnel to wizard warrior.

,,SPEAR,'' William Shouts as He pulls hand away from Minst.

Two swords swing for Minst's back as soldiers find a click and clack rhythm.

Myst bock on sword. One sword scrabs blunt force through Myst's Elven Chain Mail.

Sharp pain spread through Minst.

Minst makes fist, pulls dagger and swings.

Dagger flies wide.

Minst stumbles to falls. 

Kirra stands tall in a sprawl of soldiers. Swords swing and dagger stabs soldiers between the open slits of chain mail and leather. 

Small shield beat hear shouldrs as shoulder throbs pain. She staps, ducks, spins and slices toward Spear. 

Soldiers fall and miss swings of Swords at Kirra. Soldiers toss bpeople from rooms. Soldiers shut doors.

Voice scream, shout, cry and roar from doors

A loud clack makes heads turn. Shake, Guile. William look to see...

A fist the size of Spear reach form the wizard warrior and forms a fist. The fist flies through Spear.

Spear jumps through the fist and at the Wizard Warrior. 

The fist hits William, Myst. 

Soldiers spread and duck. The run past. They fall and die from Kirra. 

Myst and William feel a wall punch then the slide. As they fall, the fist punches ground. Myst's fells fist hit hand holding mace and break finger. William feels face numb and nose bleeds, a spark flashes.

Myst's mace hits and rolls a circle over floor then is kicked by tripped soldier. 

Two wother solfiers fall. A few soldiers run for stares and down. A few step from doors then back into doors. 

Soldiers run at Spear and the Wizard Warrior

Spear leaps like a hairless hybrid rats. Spear's body leaps with for legs and paw like hands stretech with bone and muscle. He hits the wizard warrior.

Spear slams the wizard warrior against wall.

The wizard warrior disappears.

The click and clack rhythm quiets and scatters 

Soldiers surround Spear with small shields raise and shorts swords read to strike.

Soldiers run at the sight of the vanishing wizard warrior.

The click and clack rhythm of the goblins clacks a scattered rage distrupiting the single song of Reighn bind the pack.

The hit of Myst with fist pause the Song of Reighn.

William falls upon back. Minst drops three components to ground and pops one from belt and smash component pack between thumb and index finger and spreads fingers to pull web.

Web spread and spands from Minst's hands through the goblins and the all beyond William. Webs spread from hand and head and leg and small shield. Webs span between fingers and soldiers and walls. Webs create a translusent white wall.

Webs stick upon William's foot, the floor the walls the ceiling.

William lays ground and rolls to side, stumbles to a stand, picks up long swords, stumbles and steps away from Web. He pulls sword from webs and sees the sihlouette of Spear rises like a large hairless rat through the web wall and beyond goblins soldiers.

Spear's ling fingers grip warhammer leaps through the circle of goblins and webs.

The webs fall to as Spear runs through webs.

The webs catch and hold the goblins soldiers as all pose in stuck webs mid action, like some caste a time stop spell. 

A few soldiers follow Spear. Many wiggle and jert ot break webs.

Kirra pulls arms from webs, and steps back and slices neck of kneeling goblins and stabs dagger into gut of starring goblins. 

A few clicks and clacks span through the web as Spear leaves the web and runs for William.

William waves sword and grabs Myst.

Myst's song a numb radiate.

Shake and Guile hear the echoes of their heat beat and the few clicks and clacks. They crawl to the entrance to the stairs. 

Soldier stumble behind Guile. ONe lunges with blade swinging. The blade swipes Guile's robe of Reighn.

Guile crawls on Knees.

Three more soldiers stumble and lunge for Spear and Shake. They see Spear running like a rat stretched from bone and muscle.

Spear leaps at the soldiers and slashes two with claws and lands by stairs entrance.

Guile steps knees to feel and limbs on hurt ankle down the stairs. William and Myst hold each other down the stairs. Kirra ducks, rolls, slicke and stabs toward Minst.

Minst picks his three components from floor  and touches the spine of spell book and steps to the door.

Myst steps by Spear.

Spear rears up on hind legs and raises arms longer and thiner than when in human form. 

Dart blow, and a slow growth of sound of clicks and clacks are heard.

The hollow echo of the thundercap clears for sound, and William hollering, ,,SPEAR, MOVE.''

Spear step back past Shake and into the entrance. Darts stick into Spear's back.

Minst presses against wall, and lets Spear step down.

,,SHAKE, GO,'' says Minst as he staps, and darts fall. 

Shake crawls with a burn pulsing from joints adn through body. His should a cold fire feeling to freeze his heart beat. ,,Fire ball,'' he says.

Minst says, ,,No, too much fire with webs,'' between a clicks and clacks. 

Darts hit Shake and Spear. 

The pack descends.

The soldiers pull from webs. Door are opened and soldiers rush our with small shields before face.

The pack step down. Guile leads the pack down walking along the wall peering before with both hands gripping his knifes. Blood flows and drips from William's nose. Myst soulder feels numb, and arm hangs. Their feet find foot to help them as on walk down.

Kirra runs with head duck after Minst and walks the stairs.

Shake crawls with pain and says through constrict throat. ,,Fire ball.''

,,NO. FIRE. GO,'' say Minst waving his hair down the stairs as he clicks and snaps.

Darts fall before Shake and Minst.

Down the stairs, Spear runs around the turn of spiral stairs.

White robes run past down the stairs.

Soldiers rush to the stairs, ripe through the webs, bust from doors. The clicks and clacks snap and crack the echo defness.

The pack steps and stumbles down the steps.

,,Minst,'' says Myst as Myst feels an echo of Minst song in her mind.

,,MINSTS,'' says William.

,,Go, Minst,'' says breathes Shake. A pain spread froms shoulderr to heart. Pains spread through body like a drum beat. His shaking hand rubs his thumb on claoks, mummbler and snaps.

A flam flicks on Shake's thumb.

,,SHAKE!'' Minst grabs Shake and stumbes back and down stair.

Spear hears Minsts and stops run, runs up stairs, along walls past Shake and Minst.

Shake puts thumb by webs.

Spear's hybrid from grabs Shake, throws Shake over shoulder and runs after Minst and the pack down the stairs.

As Spear turns, a flire flashes.  

Shake is burn and limb.

Spear picks Shake from ground and tosses Shake over hyrbrid hunch and follows the back.

Screams and shouts echo and pierce the deaf and hollow hearing and heart thumps.

Myst hums with her heart. She humms through her nose through hear head and to her ears. She hears away the hollow echo left after the clap. She hears screams and cries and shouts. She hears her hum.

The hum spreads and leaves a tinkle in the ears of the pack as the pass a door and people looking at the pack.

The pack is dreses in white ropes covered with soot and blood with armor and white cloth clost matted and moist.

The pack walk down and past another door.

Soldiers march single file up the stairs past the pack. Soldiers stare at the pack. A few near the end peer and stop and clack, clack.

Flare hears the click and clack and clicks back loud and fast. 

The soldiers run up the stairs. 

The steps and stairs before decend to darkness.

Doors pass and the decsen run through the all. 

A few packs of four and sixteeen soldiers stand spread along the hall. White robes walk, laugh, float over all in packs.

The hoods follow the pack running the stairs to hall to the dark of night.

Spear runs with Shake through the pack and lead through the white stone hall.

White robes step and run from packs path toward the dark night and powder white outside.

White robed begins walk along the edge of building and wall stepping one after another in spots over the powder snow. White robes walk in line before the hall exit.

Powder snow covers the road, the awning tops, castle top and roofs.

The pack runs through the white robes walking in a row and over the powder snow over the street and along the castle.

Fire rises  along the building above. Smoke flows. People scream. People click and clack. The fire illuminates the night. 

The fire light reflects from the black castle walls.

The white robes stand and stare, point at the smoke flowing from the room of the pack.

Sixteen squares of soldiers march along castle wall toward the building.

Spear runs to the Wane.

William says, ,,THE WAX. THE HOTEL.''

Spear slows step through the center of the road, squeaks, points to the Wax and runs.

The pack follows Spear, and Spear runs with Shake over shoulders to the Wane, around the castle corner toward the Rise. 

Crowds of white robes gathter along the walk, behind windows and on roof tops. 

The fire light brightens the night and the faces. The fire light dims and fades as the pack runs to the rise.

The white robes stares and glare at the pack.

The pack runs along the center of the white powdered road near the castle wall.

The pack runs along the line of walking white robes.

White powder snow spreads and melts beneath the feel.

,,WAX,'' says Willliam loud. ''HOTEL.''

All run and follow Spear and Shake.

Shake hangs and stares at the snow and the torch and the globe light twinkle the flash.

The ground breaths and reaches for Shake. Shake tries to move, but no body is felt as he bounces and sways over the shoulder of Spear.

Spear runs with legs and arm with body stretched like huge rat. His extended snout twitches nose and feels the cold. Spear leads the pack with Guile running in back reathing through mouth, coughing, limbing and holding two daggers close to chest.

Guile trips, falls, slides over snow.

William steps slow, back.

Two four square of soldiers run after the pack following their snow path through the streets. Clicks and clack smack.

William grabs Guile, left, drags, ,,MOVE.''

Myst hums long loud giving pack then lets the vibrations slow. ,,WILLIAM.''

Four soldiers run from road ad at the pack.

The pack runs the street to the corner around of the a castle and to the Wax.

A soldier four by four marches from the Set toward the road and the pack.

A soldier four by four runs along the road over the powder snow with the castle wall toward the pack and the portcullis

The portcullis looms. The portcullis is between the pack and the running soldiers.

,,SPEAR,'' hollers William. ''SHAKE.''

Shake head bops limp. 

Shake's  eyes are closed.

Spear stops and looks at the soldiers running at the pack.

Kirra runs past fast and glides over the snow toward the running warriors running near portcullis. ,,RUN,'' she says.

Spear mets the pack and William and runs as fast and Guile's quick limp.

Spear looks at William.

,,The portcullis,'' William.

,,Minst,'' breathes Guile deep with limb. He breathes and heaves. ''Fly.''

,,What?'' breathes Myst.

William says, ,,Fly Shake over and behind the portcullis and open the door.''

Myst pops three  component from belt and smash hands, clabs hands and breathes. Minst grabs Shake, flies.

Spear grabs Guile and runs.

The pack runs.

Kirra fires three arrows at the heads of soldiers.

The arrows fly through the white night and strike three soldier faces running to the portcullis and the pack.

The soldiers running to the portcullis step raise shields to face, click and clack and kick up powders.

Powder puffs and blows. Those in white robes stop and watch the pack and the soldiers run at the portcullis.

Kirra puts bow to back and pulls short sword from scaabard and dagger from sheath.

The glowing globes hover and follow the pack. 

Darts fly and hit and stick into robes and cloaks. 

Minst flies to the portcullis tops and between the castle wall and the portculis into darkness. 

The glowing globes of light lower and follow the pack as the pack nears soldiers running from the Wax and Set.

Darts fly, and William leads the run to the door.

William hollers. ,,MINST!'' and pushes on the Portcullis. ''THE DOOR.''

Flare step by William and steps to the Wax two steps. ,,The door here.'' Then she runs at Kirra and The soldiers.

A few darts hit the Portcullis.

William yells, ,,MINST,'' says as he reaches for the door.

Before Minst hears Williams shout Minst files through the dark as Minst falls through the dark to hit cold steel.

Shakes body flops to flat steel

Minst is blind. He hears William call his name.

Minst shouts. ,,I AM BLIND ABOVE!''

William pushes on portcullis. 

A section of portcullis as wide as Spear pivots in the middle.

Like a board swinging on pole, the door swing into darkness.

White robes scatter over powder and slip over road.

Soldiers run from Set toward the pack. Soldiers run from the Wane toward the pack. Soldiers from the Wax fight with part of the pack.

William into darkness as Myst runs near.

Kirra, Spear and Flare fight fron of soldiers three steps from William, Myst and the door swinging in. Kirr hits four blades from four soldiers from strikings. Spear punches, kicks, scratches and bites. Flare fights between Spear and Kirra create a wall around the door.

William steps into the door and darkness and sees nothing by cold. 

Snow crunches beneath feet then cement. 

,,INSIDE!'' William hollers. 

Myst steps inside.

,,Spear. Flare, inside,'' says Kirra.

Spear squeaks and swipes at two shield knocking two back soldiers back.

Flare steps into darkness.

Shoulder to shoulder Kirra and Spear step to door.

With back to the darknes, William holding open door, Darts flying, Spear and Kirra walk back to back into the darkness.

Darkness surrounds the pack above and behind the Portcullis. Above the Portcullis, Minst feels his way to Shake and feels Shake chest and feels Shake soft thump of heart as he touches the spine of his spell book and looks for his back. Beyond behind the portcullis the pack steps back into darkness. Myst says, ,,Where,'s Myst.

Beyond the portcullis, Soldiers steps and stand long the Portcullis. They peer between the cross bars.

Darts hit Blue's Armor, Westmore Armor, chain mail, Elven Mail, leather, studds.

Guile covers body andhead with Robe of Reighn and runs, stumbles from the portcullis. He rolls and falls on stone and hold both his daggers. He feels his heart beat with his Heart Dagger. He feels his mind warm with the jeweled dagger.

Myst covers face with cloak, spins into darkness.

William says loud, ,,Minst and Shake above.'' Guantlet raises before face. Dart  hits guantlet.

Torch light pokes through portcullis.

Spear leaps onto the portcullis and climbs with long claws running up.

Flare and Kirra follow Spear up.

,,Myst,'' says William.

Myst hears William in the darkness, but can't speak and stands lost. She kicks Guile and leaps back with mace lifted.

Guile rolls into a ball and feels a dart pock back.

Darts hit her back and sting her head. He ducks and stumbles.

William bunches at the portcullis. Darts scratch and poke his face.

The cross bars vibrate to Flare and Kirra, Spear. A deep dong thongs through the night and the torch lights.

A few soldiers scatter and push from the portcullis. Blow guns fall to ground. A few people shout. Many clicks and clacks chatter through soldiers and white robes.

A dart hits William check. William pounds and pounds and pounds the portcullis.

The vibrations of the portucllis bars tickle Kirra and Flare's hands.

BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, BOOM booms through the portcullis.

Spear's claws scatter to the top before William strikes the portcullis on last punch.

Minst kneels on all fours over Shake with ear to Shake's chest.

The booms shake chains. Dust falls.

Minst coughs.

Spear squeaks. Claws scrape over steel portcullis and unders Shake. Spear lifts Shake and climbs down using three claws and legs down.

,,Which way down?'' Minst lays on stomach. 

Spear squeaks and squeaks loud. 

The booms of the portcullis shake still to stop. 

Clicks and clacks below are silent. 

Dart blows and sticks sease to sounds. 

William stands and steps back into dark. Myst steps and looks through the portcullis.

Soldiers and white hoods look back, and they stand back from the portcullis and the door. 

Spear squeaks a pierce the cause William pains. Spear jumps to floor with paws and steps into the dark.

Through the dark he sees the dark gray lines of walls that rise high above. The shades of gray create a steal door. The path a wide short hall to two arching steel doors as large as the portcullis.

Spear runs along the hall from the portcullis. He squeak loud.

The squeak echoes through the hall. The squeak causes pain. 

Minst hears the Squeak and shuffles and slides over the edge of portcullis top to the side. 

Flare and Kirra grabs Msyt. Kirra climbs to top of the portcullis, pull bow from back and notch arrow.

A soldier runs from the line of soldiers into the space and blow blows on end fo blow gun with blow gun between the cross bars of Portcullis.

Kirra shoots arrow down into the soldiers head.

The soldier falls dead. 

Flare and Minst climb down and back into the dark.

William and Myst and Guile crawl to Shake and Spear. 

The pack pushes back from the portcullis, the flame light, the town light and the soldiers and white robes standing and starring.

,,Shake,'' says William. 

Shake's body lays on the cold stone. His wide eyes can almost be seen in the dark. 

William feels to Shake's face. 

A soft gasp escapes Shake's mouth. 

Guile shouts loud from mind and she scurries to Shake's side. A shock of emotion wall hits Guile's mind to timeless nothing then finds no thoughts of Shake.

The echos is lost until a faint echo of Shake's buzz is felt. A string of thought is caught and pulled by Guile's mind to find. Guile hears a faint song sing throughthe thought string.

>Shake,< thinks Guile to Shake along the thought stream to Shake. >|Shake.<

Shake feels Guile as a floating feeling in darkness. His thoughts create vibratiosn of blues and greens in open space. His feelling a focus of a song that plays with a whisper then loud like the mummble of the mad. <To be seen through the sheen of the life unseen. We will be clean and never seen to be bad. It is not what it want no more time than had. You don't know what good be until you be bad. It's never fun to be the one to be had. Unless you are taken on a run of the endless light. And before it becomes night you take a flight and see the worlds as it should be seen. High above like a dragon peering at the world. And through you would see the plight of our own fight the sight would give right to calim to know you know all. Then you will fall and crawl...>

,,GUILE,'' is shouted. 
 
Guile hears, ,,Guile,'' but feels Shake's thought still speak and seek for... 

 Shake thinks as Guile reads Shake's thoughts. <|...And we go through the snow from the show of our burning stage leaving behind a rage that will cause the people to thow us in a cage until we rot into their shit pots where the goblins will eat us like stew for there are few things the creature won't eat. And it will be no feat to make us their treat as we travel into their keep that reaks of magic and dead where there is no head of us to see while one is blind and can not find their magical sight lost to them. If we do not leave then the pack will see what become of ones left rot in this hall. That is the way...>

Guile feels pain and a thought snap like Spear's squeak piercing Guile's ears. Guile doesn't hear Shake. Guile hears William cry.

William hold's Shake's head as Shake's body lays from William.

Myst presses her hands against Shake's chest.

Spear stand over Shake. He focuses on Shake as his body shifts and and settles to the human form.

Minst, Kirra and Flare look at Shake and the portcullis.

Shake's beat stops.

Shake's head relaxes.

His breath gasps.

William grasps and clutches Shake and lowers his fore head to Shake's. Tears drop upon Shake's face and fall inot Shake's eyes.

Shake does not blink. Shake doens't not move. Shake doesn't breathe.

,,He is singing with Reighn,'' says Myst.

,,I,''' says Guile. ''I heard Shake. Shake was mumbling. Singing. I read.'' Guile walks to Shake and grabs Shake. Through the gray if his gray sight, Guile stares at 
Shake's eyes.

William guantlet hand shover Guile back. ,,GET AWAY.''

William peers at the soldiers standing beyond the portcullis.

Spear feels and Spear says, ,,Shake is dead.''

