
Spear hears crash of water falling echo around. He feels the roar in wind and mist spraying head and body. He tastes blood. He smells wet dirt. He sees moving shadows and shades over the blue white light caste upon a distant tunnel. 

He stands upon smooth stone. 

A drop of water hits his face. 

He looks away from the light and dancing shadows.

The darkness becomes shades of silhouettes. Jagged and smooth rock silhouettes rise and lower to wall. An outline of a wide and tall three layered base and a figure or shrine on top of podium

Spear stares the figure or shrine.

The figure doesn't move.

Spear steps over smooth stone floor staring at the statue. The outlines of a a head and arms contrast against the dark shade of the background.

He steps to the base and sees dim reflections of cavern light the kneels and smells the surfaces of the base. He nods and touch surface creating a ripple through the water. 

Spear stands and walks past the basin and statue across the smooth stone floor. His food hits and slides over rough rock. He reaches out and touches stones rising in rough waves above.

He looks left and right seeing only shades of darkness the he look back at the statue and the listen tunnel light. He turns, walks to the the light.  

Feet step over smooth stone. 

The light from tunnel begins to reveal a dark line from smooth stone to the tunnel. 

Spear steps and peers. 

The dark line deepens to stairs. 

Spear walks the stairs to the tunnel and light. He steps into the tunnel.

The roar of water rages above the echo. The mist and wind become a spray of stinging water. The white light hues to hint of yellow.

Spear walks the tunnel.

The tunnel turns left and down with steps to a cave, a pool of water and an opening blocked by rushing water.

Spear seaches the the sides of the steps with hands. He finds rocks, picks them up and tosses them one by one into the pool.

The ripple of each rock soon lost in the waves flowing from the door of washing water on the other side of the pool and cave.

Spear dives  into the water and swims with head above the water to the other side of the gave and near the wall of rushing water. The force pushes and he pulls water back.

Cold seeps into body. 

He dips under water and swims down and forward through the dark water.  

A thrust of force pounds Spear down to the rock surface. Face hits stone. Pain jolts cold and sense. Water presses him donw to the stone.

Spear reaches through water and pushes back. 

The force becomes a soft push resisted with deep and frequents strokes.

Spear sees shinners of dim light above. The shimmers become beam of light as the shine through water.

He slows swim, floats up through beams of light and lets only top of head to eyes emerge from water.

Dark blue sky contrast agains the dark sheer rock walls, tall pine, read wood, oak trees and waterfall surrounding Spear. 

His is back to the waterfall He looks left and sees a still being sitting against a rock wall and a trail. He looks right to only see a sheer rock wall. He paddles slow and sure left to the slumped being sitting aginst wal. 

Tourch light appears and caste light and shadows along the trail to the left distand from the waterfall and Spear.  

The shadow on the trail leans to the left then rights it self. 

Spear slowly treads to the edge of the trail. He hears a snort then a sniff.

The shadow becomes a sleeping hobgoblin. Its back against wall. Its knees raised. It sits in fetal position with forearma on knees and head on forearms.

The torch light boucnes along the trail toward Spear. It's flame grows and light beams illuminate a side of Spear's head. 

Spear looks up. 

Sheer rock wall behond sleeping hobgoblin speads wide left, to the water fall right, and high above to the top of the waterfall The trail along waterfall and the rivver from waterfall ends in a rock wall an arms span.

Another torch light appears. 

Spear pulls himself to the dirt shore, picks up a rock with both hands walks to the hobgoblin and bashes it upon the head of the hobgoblin once, twice.

The hobgoblin shakes and jumps. 

Spear wraps arms around the hobgoblin's neck and covers the hobgoblin's mouth. 

The hobgobling slams back of head into Spear's chest and digs claw's into Spear's thighs. 

Spear squeezes. He peers along the dirt shore and rock wall to the flame light.

The hobgoblin twists left and right and lifts hand to Spears arm stabbing claws bettwe Spear's forearsm.

A snap cracks the waterfall's roar.

Spear tosses the hobgoblin into the waterfall. Walks to rock wall by waterfall, climbs. 

Spear graps wall and pulls. The grip pulls upon and iron bar.

A ladder of iron bars embedded horizontal in a half shaft is embedded in rock face. 

Spear climbs the ladder. He looks down.

A few torches near base of ladder. The tails of torch flame trace the past. 

Spear climbs, looks right across waterfall.  
         
Shades of night contrast a trail.

The torches burn below. The fire light circles and darts and jerks from the shore to the rock face to the river like fire faries playing.

Spear reachs the ladder top and waterfall top and a ledge. He slowly raise head over the ledge.

A group of goblins sit arond a fire and pass a cask. Some hobgoblins stand and point a sword before them trying to fight shadows. A sharp series of shrills and snorts arress a gobling that falls to ground and spills a cup.

Below the torches gather around the base of the ladder. 

Spear crowls from ladder over ledge to ground. He crawlos into the brush and tree line drawn along the edge of the shore. He slips through the shadows and betten brush and branch.

A few twigs snap, but not break the shaking shrill of a rolling goblin.

A hobgoblin sleeps against a tree.

Spear steps over the hobgoblin. He crouches low behind brush and the dance of campfire light illuminating though brush and trees.

Some thing sqwaks and grumbles noise behind.

Two torch flames above above heads of hobgoblings climb from the ledge. One more pulls self over, grabs torch viced in mouth and holds it with two others by the edge. 

Spear flows fast through trees and brush snaping twigs and smashing leaves. 

The brush and tree line stretches to flow and against the flow slowing river. 

The goblins torch light behind doesn't move. 

Spear walks to the riveside.

The river flows slow.

Spear slips into the river and swims across. His arms scoop and push waterback. river pushes Spear back to the goblin campfire and waterfall. The ceneter swift and fast.

Spear swims. His powerful arms reach and pull water. He reaches the other side of river. He grabs roots of brush and pulls himself a shore, looks back.

The torch holding goblins stand around the campire and drink from cask. 

Spear breathes deep. Head becomes light. I floats. The sight becomes a bright light then the body stumbles to the grounds.

The blunt cut upon head pumps and puses. Thin blood seeps through slits. 

Spear inhales and slowly exhales. He pushes himself up and walks into the forest. 

The brush thins to spread for paths and ground. The trees canopy covers. 

The sun gone. Light blue touches the horizon beyond the trees.

Spear walks back to the water's fall the ledge. He steps lows, soft and quick to the edge. Then follows the path walked days ago looking both at the brush and trunks of the ground and the branches and tops above. 

A large cube hangs hidden in the branches above revealed only by starlight shining around edges.

Spear wraps arms and legs around trees and grabs bark, pulls self up pull by pull digging fingers and feet into the bark. He climbs to limbs and through limbs.

Head hits some thing hard.

He raises hand and hits something. Then he sees darkenss above. He knocks the darkness.

A hollow thump is.

Spear punches the surface and a hallow thump. ,,A box," mutters spear.

Spear limbs around the larg box and stands on top. 

Spear bounds foot upon top of large box. Bound shakes body and knocks head. 

Head pumps pain.

Spear kicks and kicks down upon the top.

Blood flows from cut. Head rings then goes numb.

Spear grab branch and pushes kick deeper.

A crack. A baord snaps.

Spear roars as roof caves in and he hits the floor. Throgh blurred vision Spear sees Carlos and a tall elf. 







