A torch flares and lights the night the trees and a man the size of a tree trunk.

The man the size of the tree trunk hold only a torce and wear hide jacket and pants with boots. His face a brink of stone and huge fist cripping the torch, the size of a club. The other lay open. 

No weapons or wands hang from a thick hide belt. ,,My name is Daxel.'' Daxel smiles. ''It is very nice to meet you Speed and Haste. From where do you come, and why do you want to come here?'' 

,,We come from the valley,'' says Shake.

..Through the gobling horde,'' says Danel stepping from the trees to the clearing to the firepit and leantos and three people talking.

The three people talk in dim light of dying flame. Their featurs slight and skinny and long. On stumps, they sit. Posture slumped over thick bodies of muscle and fat. Club tourches like the one Daxel holds are by sides.

Shake looks from the fire. ,,Yeah, the valley. Been without fire since been walking. Trying to get distance from the goblins.''

,,Heard there's a town of goblins that way?''

Shake looks at Daxel. ,,There is.''

,,And you got through it with a horse,'' says Daxel.

,,There's a pass-'' says Guile before Shake says, ,,Can we talk over fire?''

Daxel nods, steps and lead to fire.

Guile and Shake follow. 

Shake says, ,,We mean you no harm.''

,,We are not worried of you,'' says Daxel with chuckle. ''We worry for what you might bring.''

,,We only want to warm and see how close we are to stables so we may all sleep in warmth, together, for a night, maybe a day.''

,,I understand.''

Shake says, ,,Got a gold for some water and some feed for Kicker.''

,,A gold would get you that and a stew,'' says Daxel looking back. ''Keep your gold.'' He looks forward. ''Can't eat gold.''

,,We do have nuts,'' says Guile as he pulls pack from back. 

,,The do sustain, but not as good as stew,'' says Daxel.

The step to fire pit.

The three people sit slow the talk and their faces painted with firelight glance and looks at Shake stopping coversation as one looks at Daxel and stands grabbing her club and walking by Daxel and into the darkness as they stand by the fire. 

the other two, a man and a woman stare silent into the fire. 

Guile nearly stands in the fire. Shake puts hands by fire. ,,Thank you.''

,,Speed, Haste,'' says Daxel. ''You stand by Glorin and Ruth.'' 

Both Glorin and Ruth both look at Guile and Shake then nod. Their bodies stout and wide with muscles and fat. Breasts and hourglass shape and prettier face sets the Ruth from Glorin. 

Kicker blusters.

''And Kicker,'' says Daxel. Daxel step from fire. ''Kicker. You look like a beast that can heat a field of grass or a tub of grain. A tub we have not, but a pile we do.'' Daxel walks to a tent edge.

Kicker steps and walk from fire to Daxel.

Daxel pulls top from backet and lifts basket with one arm. 

A pile of grain pours to ground. 

The baskets is set on ground and the top put on before the light of tourch extinguishes.

Shake and Guile stare at the darkness.

The clomp of hooves standing still comes from the darkness.

The fire pops.

A dull pain begins to softly pump from Guiles ankle.

Hollow bubbles expand and fill Shakes Stomach.

Shake looks from Glorin and Ruth. Shake looks between the hide coat of Ruth and looks at her breats.

Ruth, smiling at fire light, smiles.

Glorin clenches jaw.

,,Where you travel from?'' says Shake.

Ruth and Glorin stare into firelight.

''We come from Westermore,'' says Shake. ''Came through the canyon.''

Glorin and Ruth stare into the fire.

The fire explodes in ash embers!

Shake jumps back and pulls knife from sheath.

Guile stands and looks away the embers flashing the world white.

Deep chuckle sprays like hot embers.

A long rests on the embers.

Glorin and Ruth smile.

Ember spray.

Shake smiles.

Guiles says, ,,He's testing your intentions,'' says Guile.

The log begins to burns.

Shake brushes embers from thigh black body suit. The embers cools. Shake looks at the cloth for burns and cuts. ,,It didn't burn,'' says Shake.

Guile's sight flashes white with ember. Then shades to gray lines and dark edge around Daxel. The gray and black Daxel shakes gray lines for face. Spotches of black dust covers huge gray and white hands swaying. A white club is sttrapped to back.

Daxel walks to pot...

Shake forces a laugh and slides into the leahter bundle.

Draxel walks to pot near the tree behind the tents and another leanto. He lifts a rock from top and tosses the rock down. Grabs a bowl from stack of bowls and dips one then two bowls into pot.

,,Is it morning or night,'' says Guile.

Glorin says, ,,Morning.''

Shake looks at Guile then to the sky. 

Clouds cover the sky above.

,,Snow,'' says Shake.

,,Yes,'' says Ruth.

Shake hears the sound of Daxel's feet crunching the bind.

Daxel walks from darkness with two bowls as big as watermelon ends crips in big hands. ''Sit. Eat.''

Shake's hallow stomach feels only bubbles.

Glorin and  Ruth look into the fire.

Guile reaches and grabs the bowl. And chews and sips stew from bowl.

Shake sits and looks at the bowl as big as his skull cap and feels no hunger. He reaches and grabs the bowl and puts the the bowl to lips. His stomoach bubbles and bubbles pop in the void. 

The heat of the wooden bowl warms hands to pain. The dark red tips.

Daxel kicks and rolls a large log near the fire. 

,,Where was that pass?'' says Daxel

Shake lowers bowl and looks at Guile. 

Guile chews and swallows, chews and swallows. His closed eyes open. ,,Good.'' He swallows and cleans mouth with tongue and swallows. The Grendel Canyon.'' 

,,Also known as the Westmore Canyon,'' says Shake.

,,The canyon Wane or Wax?'' says Daxel.

,,Wane,'' says Shake.

,,We've been calling that one Goblin Canyon,'' says Ruth.

Guile looks at Shake then Daxel. ,,There's a trail near the edge of a rock wall that seperates the swamp from the forest. The trail in near the goblin town. The trail winds to the side of moutnain.  Three days. Four days. There is walk and climbing. Areas for sleep are.''

,,Why haven't goblins used the path?'' says Daxel.

,,Dwarves,'' says Guile.

,,Dwarves are better than goblin,'' says Glorin. He glances at Shake then Guile. ''Never met a dwarf.''

Shake looks at his bowl of stew. ,,Good people.'' He looks from the stew as Guile chews then Shake says, '' Are people still in Lyno?''

,,Call them people,'' says Ruth to the fire. "Some of 'em worse that goblin. Been awake for days.''

,,Been through a lot,'' says Daxel. 

,,And we haven't,'' says Glorin.

There are stares and silence except Guild slurping, chewing and gulping of stew.

Shake stares at his stew. His stomach bubbles and pops hollow. ,,Nuts and roots have the stomach full and tight.''

Daxel smiles. ,,If Lyno is you final destination, you may want to question you desire.''

Shake nods. ,,And the goblins horde?''

Daxel exhales. ,,Forozen in the snow. Battle's line too thin. Need more goblins. Or ready to attack. Few people come. And we,'' We are leaving.''

,,Town's gone to the crazies with no mind and sense,'' says Ruth. ''Need out.'' Ruth stands. ''Talk.''

She looks from Guile to Shake. ''May your journey be complete.'' She walks into a tent.

Glorin stands and glances at Daxel then nods at Shake and Guile. He walks to the tent petting Kicker along the way.

While they depart, Guile eats, and Shake tooks at the food feeling not hungry but tired. 

Daxel watches the log burn, says, ,,Will the winter make travel over the pass difficult.''

Guile lowers the bowl, but Shake answers before Guile spreaks. ,,Yes,'' says Guile. ''Look what happened to use. Slides. Snow. Things falling. It's a journey I wouldn't want to travel again if I'd known how bad the pass would be. If we didn't find it then...Well, we should have turned back, but I'm looking for friends. Friends lost in the canyons. Maybe their dead. Thought I'd come this far since the goblins got nothing. You. Why you hear?''

,,Searching for a new home,'' says Daxel.

Guiles chews, swallows and burps. ,,Good.'' Warm waves of please and heat spread through Guile's body. He yawns and closes eyes and slumps over. shakes head and ones eyes wide looking at the bowl of stew between Shake's feet then to Shake.

Shake looks at the fire. He pushes bowl of stew to Guile. ,,How close is Lyno?''

,,Begin walking now, you'll be there before first sun light shines,'' say Daxel. 

Guile takes Shake stew and begins to eat from the bowl.

Guile eats stew. His mind and body and thoughts float in pleasure of being full and eating. 

The fingers and hears ping with pain as they warm, but Guile only feels the food fill body. He slop, glups, chews and burps to pause.

The mornig remains dim.

The cold wind becomes a breeze.

The log in the fire burns. 

Daxel stares at the fire and yawns and stands stomping feet. ,,Morning watch.''

Daxel and Shake stare at the fire...

Until Guile burps.

,,Good,'' says Guile.

Shake stares at fire. ,,Daxel are there passes Wane or in the canyons near Lyno?''

,,The passes know Wane are snow covered.'' Dante stretches and stomps feet. ''Soldiers came through with families suns and moons ago. The went into Canyon. they had been running through winter away. Didn't talk much. They walked by. Camped in a couple fields from the road. A few soldiers broke bread. They told stories of goblins, fighting, death.'' Daxel looks at the fire. ''They asked if we wanted to join and help build the keep and wall. Soldiers talked of the goblin marks after thaw.''

Shake and Daxel stare to the fire.

The fire flickers and dances.

The breeze stops.

They stare at the log burn.

The burns.

Guiles chews then burps and swallows, licks mouth then wipes mouth with wool sheet. He glances at Daxel. ,,The food gives me warmth and energy.'' He clears throat, swallows. ''If.'' He coughs not covering mouth. ''If you want to travel the path into the next Valley Wax of here walk along the mountain. There is a slide of pebble the slopes to a sheer wall taller than three trees. On top of the ridge is a trail that leads to stairs that lead ot a rigde. Walk Wane along the path. You will see it. Do not walk Wax for you will may disturb a mountain giant.''

,,Yeah,'' smiles Shake.

Guile looks down and nods head. ,,But the goblins.'' He looks at Daxel with the fire casting shadows over face. ''The goblins are everywhere.

,,Yes,'' says Shake. Shake slips hand into pocket and presses tip into a blow dart. ''Yes.'' says Shake.

Shake feels a rush and then a push popping all stomach bubbles and beating heart pumps. Heart pumps shake to become one with the cold and the dark. 

Shake hears the fire burn, Kicker clomp and chew, Guile's stomach bubbes, a baby talk, a father whisper and flat feet walk from the road to the campfire.

Guile sees the feet and the body and burps. ,,Gut.'' He exhales steam and sink. ''Good.'' He smiles
at Daxel.

Daxel smiles wide and nods. ,,I can make a stew.''

A fire burst by Shakes left side illuminates a darkness and trees and blumes around a club.

Shake glances during the burst at Daxel and Guile who do not move, and before body can move the feeling to jump and pull dagger the mind calm the thought between time.

The torch illuminates.

The face is tone, angled and curving to a chin the flows smooth from neck to breats.

Shake stares at her breats. His heat beats,  and body warms.

,,Daxel,'' she says. I can hear Floria. She looks at Daxel and glances at Shake.

Shake looks from breast then glances past Daxel to the fire. He slaps Guile on back like Spear. He thinks, <|Spear,> then says,  ,,Kids can be...''

Guile stands and nods. He gathers his pack and ties it to backs. He puts pressure on the ankle feeling only a sight pain.

The woman walks by Daxel and to a tent where a baby being to cry.

Shake stands and brushes pants, pust hand in pocket and pokes needled against finger tip. He smiles, says, ,,Kicker. We're going to Lyno, sleep in a warm stable.''

Kicker blusters and white puffs can be seen in the dim of near dawn.

Hooves of Kicker clomp and walk to the fire. 

,,Not far,'' says Shake looks from Kicker to Daxel. He bows head. ''Thank you for warmth.'' He bows again. ''Thank you for food.''  ''And thank you for knowledge.''

Daxel nods. ,,I thank you for the know of the path.''

Guile looks at Daxel. ,,The path may not be for on so young.''

,,We breed and live or die.'' He pulls his club from back and grips its handle. 

The top of the club plumes to a flame. 

Shake smiles. 

Daxel steps and Kicker, Shake and Guile follow to the road. 

Shake, Kicker and Guile step to the road.

Shake steps and bows one last time. ,,A days tavel Wane we met a band of travellers. They are to be watched. They are not to be trusted.''

,,Speed,'' smiles Daxel. ''I can see through illusions and lies.''

Shake nods, and Guile steps with Kicker.

,,Safe steps and naps,'' says Daxel. 

,,My the sun shine and paths lead to gold and fame,''' Shake bows and walks with Guile and Kicker down the road. 

A few steps after feels hears are out of range for hearig a talk loud enough to be heard by Guild and Kicker and not one beyond. ,,Was that true about the canyond and the trail?''

,,I have left the mountain.'' Guile clears throat. ''There is a path.''

,,Good, good. I don't want,'' says Shake. ''He looks along the road. They are nice.''

,,They gave. They helped.'' Guile yawns. ''Lyno's not far away.''

,,You've been to Lyno?'' says Shake.

,,I've been out of the mountain,'' says Guile as he stretches and yawns then shakes his head to wake up. ''I visited Lyno. It was many rotations during the past.'' Guile yawns.

,,Do you remember this area?'' says Shake.

,,Yes,'' says Guile. Steps and pulls the wool sheet around body.

Guile feels Shake caste rage through his body that shouts with a smile and a calm, as if uninterupted, word... 

,,Wow,'' says Shake. He steps wide. His jaw chews away the rage. He looks here, there, here, at Guile. ''How far are we from Lyno?''

,,Not far,'' says Guile. ''After the this bend. There will be lights. Noise.''

,,How often you come here?'' says Shake. 

,,I've been down this road for many times,'' says Guile. ''I have never been to Lyno.''

,,What? HowcouldyounotwanttogotoLynobeingheremanytimes?'' says Shake.

,,Too many minds to feel, read. Excitement. I became a rat for the first of many time coming to this road and walking this bend and seeing the lights,'' says Guile.

,,Doesmindreadanddothingswhenrat?'' Shake says looking here and there.  
 
Guile steps and stares at Shake.

Shake inhales then exhales. ,,The mind, the powers to see and feel and take thought from my mind to your mind is somthing that you do. Because I want to know if it changes when you are not in the same form you are in right now and not when you are a wererat.'' He stares at Guile.

Guile stares away. ,,The mind can think of its own when a wererat.''

,,Like instict,'' say Shake.

Guile looks at Shake. ,,Like choas.''

,,Can you control the being a wererat not that I don't like wererats because I would become one if I could be one but I am told I am too weak to survive the change, so I shouldn't  try to self inflict?'' says Shake. He inhales and exhales slow.

,,I am better at controlling exictment and mind,'' He steps and crunches ice over wheel ruts.  ''Now I am tired and want to be asleep.''

Shake inhales then exhales. He pulls out a dart from his pocket. ,,One little poke.''

,,No.'' Guile pulls the wool tighter and squeezes body. ''It's...''

,,Speed. There must be some powerd on the tip. I can't look at...I can't see this is covered with some rub or fine power. It is what was stuck into our bodies. I isput on the tip to, I think, it's Speed. Not Haste." He looks at Guild then   Kicker. ''Speed is quick. Haste makes the world feel slower. Weird. Same result. I like the Speed better than Haste.''

Kicker busters. 

Shake lifts needle to Kicker. ,,Want some?''

Kicker stops, whinnies and blusters.

Shake steps. ,,No.'' He grins. ''More for me.'' And he steps along the road thinking of everything then breaking the walking silence with, ,, Lost in a forest. What was? What was that Daxel said. What did he say?''
 
Guile lifts head. He looks along the road as they walkd the bend. ,,Know not.''

,,We worry what, what, what, what...'' Shake talks to a mumble watching his feet crunch ice over well ruts.

The road bends, and they walk while Guile watches. 

Firepits, leantoes, tents, small woodens shakes line the sides of the roads. 

People stand and walk around the camps glancing only briefly at Shake and Guiles.

Shake stop talking and stares. 

The camps span from roads endge into the edges of the field. Then begin to spread as they walk along the road and the bend to find sihlouettes of buildins and house caste light contrasting against the dark morning.

People sleep and lay on the road under leantoes and under blankets near fire pits. People sit and stare. They shiver and shakes duirng the cold morning on the road to the buildings spanning into trees and the night.

,,Is this?'' says Shake.

,,Lyno,'' says Guile.

,,Remebmer you are Haste and I speed.''




