,,I sell and buy,'' say Flare. She grabs the blow gun quiver and sells and buys.

She leaves the pack, the hotel for the snow covered streets.

The pack remains. William eats, stretches and cleans his shoulders wound with water from a pitcher. Minst prays and sings and taps on drums with the shining of the sun giving more heat and light to the room. Spear sits and cleans his warhammer and bastard sword and Rose Warrior Armor while meditating on a tree. Minst read spells, oranigze components, orders components in belt and sac, practice making shield with goblinking casting, reads the goblins spell book, practices dwarven and goblin. Guile reads Shake's mind and helps Shake's mind slow and speed with the withdrawing of the mind from magic while learning to use Shake's mind to feel Shake's body to feel the cloths and contents of body. Shake lays and sleeps and slow and pauses in time. Kirra stands then leaves for the outside and follows Flare through the city.

Flare walks the streets.

The slush coverd walkways and street are filled. People stand on decks and smoke pipes adn bargan over caskes, caskets and animal; they drink and shout; they shiver and stand around steel barrels and flames. Carts, ox-goblins and people stall and roll along the street to the wax and wane. 

Blusters of cold billow from noses and mouths. Coughs and sniffles give sound to the bright lite path toward the gigantic gates and the wide and gigantic open area around the gigantic gate.

People appear to walk in circles around the mass of pressed people in the open area. Smoke rises and mint and sage spread. Dots of white walk through the slush covered steets in the people circle.

A few more white dot walk around the edge. The dots become people wearing white roped with hood. Thick dark stain the bottom of robes and smears spread over white robes.

White ropes walk the streets leading from the bizzar and the open space. White robes are worn by people standing on top of decks or inside stores.

Flare sales the blow gun quiver at Grind and Dust, a shop along the arch of hotels and shop at the edge of the huge semi-circle. shelves reach from the floor to the ceiling as tall as two levels of the building that are at its sides. Tables span in columns and rows  over the large square room with no windows and a small entrance door at one end and a small opening at the other ends.

The shelves and tables display orders groups of of tools, weapons and decorations. Tool are stacked adn arrange don the selves in the wall to the SetWax. Scicles, lathes, saws, shovers, rakes, hammers, anvils, gloves, nails hang and rest in boxes. To the wall RiseWane hang sword, shields, battle axes, pieces of plate ormor, helms and coifs all shined and handing on display and resting on shelves for show. Spread long the table in the middle rest goldes scales, ivory brushes, bones flutes, black boxes, stone idols, wool hats and trinkets large and small.

Flare navigates the items andwalks to the window in the wall on the far side.

The window frams the shoulders, head and neck of a gnome.

Flare hollds the blow-gun quiver before the gnome. ,,My name is Flare. I have a blow-gun quiver crafted by a fine artisan Shake.'' Flare holds the quiver and twists the base and show the dart extend and contract a dart.

The name scratches his head and peers at the quiver. He pulls a hat with a magnifying glass attached from below the window and puts it on head, hold-up hands.

Flare give the gnomse the quiver.

The gnome peers, rub and turns the base quiver. He pulls out darts and pushes dart in. He peers inside the hole at the top. The gnome click and clacks, ,,1220 credits.''

Flare clicks and clacks. ,,1900 credits.''

The gnomes puts the quiver on the window tray. The gnome exhales. It points to the markings and the base, looks at Flare. ,,1500.''

Flare nods.

The gnome sets a paper top of the window tray, presses a rock to the top of the paper and makes a few marks. 

Black mark appear on the paper.

The gnome holds a paper to Flare.

Flare nods, takes the paper and leaves the store.

Kirra follows Flare.

Flare walks with marked paper and walk toward the Rise.

The street rises to the Rise and to a distant tower with a white top that appears to hover above the tall buildings riseing from the streets.

The streets are coverd with slush and mud buddles. Awning are covered wit whites stone. No sign and or lamps hang from awnings.

Horse pulled stage coaches roll along the street. 

The slush and mud holes becomes a blanket of whte power snow with two foot step trails. One foot step trail are large prints near the walls of stone buildings toward the Set. One foot step trail is large foot prints close togehter near the wallks of the stone buildings spanning toward the rise.

Flare walks to the Wane side of the road and walk to the Rise and toward the tower. 

Kirra follows. 

White ropes walk the foot print paths, stand above on decks. 

The white robes hang from every person walking the foot print paths. White ropes with short sleeves, long sleeves, deep hood, no hoods, flowers, lace, fur edges scrape along the power snow around the slushy foot prints. Pockets, broaches adn white scarves hang from bodies. The white robes soak up slush. The white robes walk with white robes at a quick pace.

Two white robes walk behind Kirra from a foot print path along a street to the wax

People look at white robes and peers. People sneer at Flare and Kirra.

Kirra follows a distance and feels Flare focus forward.

Flare walk to the rise and by the stone and wood buildings to a short building with no sign.

Through the windows Kiraa sees white robes and cloths.

In the store, Flare sees robes haning from racks, ceiling and wall. 

Two white robed hugobling fuming of cherry scent step to and stand before Flare.

One says with common, ,,Out. Leave.''

The other clicks and clacks the same.

Flare rases the paper with the coin worth in goblins mark.

One smile showing hobgoblins lower canines pushing over lip with grin.

One smile shows the round teeth of the hugoblin.

The both bow. 

Flare walks between white ropes spanning around hung white robes without touching white ropes or robes. Flare sees eight robes and points and clicks at each white robe.

The white ropes are sizes and styles for each of the pack with an eight a mid size robe to fit Spear tight or Myst loose. 

Flare clacks and gives the paper to the hugoblins. 

The hugoblins pulls a quill from jacket pocket and writes on the credit paper. 

The hobgoblons wrapes each rope in wide parchment then puts all in a leather sack with a handle at the ends and longs straps along the sides.

Flare grabs the credit paper and the sack and walks from store and toward the rise. She straps leather straps to back and steps in the slushy foot prints. 

At intersection, Flare cross street then turn to walk to the Wax in foot print path across street. Then Flare steps in foot print path walking with other people who wear white robes and walk to Set.

Kirra watches Flare pass her as she sits on bench in alley.

Kirra watech people walk in white ropes on the foot print paths through the powder.

Kirra follows Flare.

Flare walk toward the Set to the slush covered and mud holed streets to the awnings and to the circle bizaar to the room and to the pack. 

Kirra finds path through bizaar to pass Flare and run to the room before Flare returns.

In the room, William sits and pukes his guitar.

The guitar now a dull banjo with not holes, breaks or bends.

Myst mumbles and throat single with notes in mind. 

Her Stare of Reighn warms the room. 

Shake feels the warmth and sits.

His body then mind then mind then body shift between time and timeless.

Spear reads and feels through Shake's body and slumps in Robe of Reighn.

His stomach spreading dull hunger pain.

Minst moves hands and clicks mouth with spell book, goblins spell book open on piles of components.

Minst feel body pause and slow once the reads and clicks mouth.

Spear stretches, breathes, focuses on a tree.

The tree grows from Blue with Jan reaching for Spear.

Spear feels Kirra step to door.

The door opens. 

Kirra stands.

All put Spear look at Kirra.

Spear feel and says, ,,Flare is near.''

Kirra steps into room. ,,Returns with robes and credits.''

,,She's loyal to Blue,'' says William.

,,She's loyal to Spear,'' says Kirra.

,,We were Blue's Armor,'' says Spear.

William shrugs shoulders and nods head back. 

Flare walks the stairs and into room. She walks with the leather sack of white robes on back. ,,White ropes are inside.'' She steps, grabs paper and holds paper before Shake. ''1023 Credits. Baths, oils, room near castle 400 credits. If many out for the white poweder, 550 credits.'' Flare steps and stands. ''We walk to castle.''

Flares steps to the door. Flare stands by the door.

The pack abides.

William says, ,,What is your plan?''



re stands and stares at William. ,,We leave. We walk to the castle and around the castle where there are many  bed houses, hotels and find on near castle. We bath. We walk with the people and find way into castle.''

Flare stands and stares at William.

William stops pluck of banjo, leans back and looks at Flare.

Minst reads. Shake looks at credit paper. Guile reads the credit paper through Shake's sight. Kirra stands by door to deck and looks to the rise over the wall of the city to the desert. Myst stops the throat singining feeling a change in movements. Spear sees the tree grow to Flare.

William says, ,,If we are to enter castle, if cold, if many people out, why bathe and stink with oils.''

Spear stretches and looks at Flare.

Flare says. ,,They will smell and follow the smell, watch you with smell, see you entering the castle with your smell.''

William smiles. ,,Won't they smell you?''

,,They won't see me.'' Flare steps back through doorway. ''I wear no white robe.''

,,Will we wear white robes to the next hotel,'' says Shake.

,,No,'' says Flare. ''You stain. They seen.''

,,They all see,'' says Shake. ''They will see us from the hotel. They will see us through the snow. They will see us where we go.'' Sheke grins and smiles, winks at Flare. ''I want a bathe.'' He rubs shoulders and scratches scalp and between the roll dreadlocked hair. He wiggles a pick lock. 

William stands. ,,I like the plan.'' William nods back and shrugs shoulders.

,,We go,'' says Spear. 

KIrra steps to the door as Myst rises from the floor and walk with tak in mind.

Myst and Kirra walk together past Minst.

Minst shuts books and stacks components into pocket in the pack. Then pops four piles into columons pockets on side of back. Myst rubs the components in the columon pockets sewn on belt. He lides spell books into armor parts against his stomach and undergraments. He pulls the Elven Chain mail. It ties. 

Shake watches Minst.

Guile watches Minst through Shake's eyes.

Shake stands.

Guile stands. 

Shake pulls back over shoulder. 

Shake drinks from some water and heats sausage and puts four sausage links in pocket, two rolls on hands. He pauses. ...He moves and walks. 

Guile followers.

William says, ,,How do you feel, Shake?'' 

Shake walks by William and shrugs.

William says, ''Do you have the wine flask?''

Shake stops in hall and pivots on heel to face William. His back slide from shoulder to writes as other hand and arm dig and pull a wine carafe from pack. He tosses it. ''It's a carafe.''

William reaches for the carafe. 

The carafe hits William's palms and falls to ground.

Shake steps down steps with Guile. 

The rest of the pack follows with William behind after picking up the caraffe.

William drinks from the flask and follows the pack down the stairs through the dakr into the Den and Hearth.

The room is warm, bright with candle light. Light caste light through the glass windows.

The walks from red rug.

Bits of mud spread, and mud smears and creates a trail of the pack through the door and to the cold and shadow dark day

The slush with fozen top curst crushes and squirts with step.

The streets puddled and empty.

Two covered wagons pulled by four ox-goblins roll toward the Wax.

Lights shine from windows along the streets.

Above blue skiy dims near a purple. Sun light shines on roof of the room.

Wiliam holds the caraffe toward Kirra. ,,Can we enter the Castle during the day?''

Kirra drinks from the carafe.

Flare says, ,,The portcullis is the entrance.''

Music and lights caste from wide windows of bar, dance and gaming building.

,,Tunnels,'' says Shake as he reaches for the wine carafe are Kirra takes another drink. ''The people of the castle need to poop and pee in the caste.''

,,Is there a swear system for this down. i have only seen the water pans and dump buckets.''

Kirra hits the bottom of the carafe against the shoulder of Flare.

Flare quick steps to side swinging hti shoulder from Kirra. Shield is raised, and Flare grabs hilt.

The pack pauses.

,,Have drink with us,'' say Kirra.

Flare grabs the carafe and drinks, drinks, swallows says, ,,No.''

,,All castles have secrets and secrets entrence,'' says Shake as he reaches for the carafe.

Flare extends the carafe to Shake, and William grabs the carafe and holds hit for a few steps before giving it to Kirra.

Kirra drinks from the carafe and gives the carafe to Flare.

Flare drinks from the carafe.

The trio lead and drink wine. William drinking only have the drinks of Flare and Kirra, who hold, drink and pass the carafe between the three.

The pack walks through the city following Spear, Flare and Kirra. Minst hold hands hunder biceps and mind thinking of goblin spells and triggers and memory. Spear focuses on a tree and the cold and the open sky above and he expands the feeling as the wide semi-circle before the gate is near. Shake walks and mummbles in mind, <Through the swamp and through the desert the pack doesn't dessert. The pack doesn't leave. It doesn't leave. ...Over the rise of. To the caste, the tower, the moat...> and shake's mind pauses between time. Guile reads Shakes mind as they walk through the city and sends a shock through Guile's to time the mind of shake with time.

Guile pulls from Shake hundreds of twitches through Shakes and harnesses the energy to balance time and body and mind when time pauses Shake as he withdraws from the magical potion. The body and mind lost in spans. Guile holds Shake's song though during pauses then uses the store twitch energy to fill the voids lost during the time. Guile sees and feels through Shake as his body is Guiled through the city.

William, Kirra and Flare drink wine.

The city is calm and frozen. Shadows caste from the wall oover half the large open space near empty exept a few groups wearing white robes walking from the sun to the shadow of the wall. Lights of builings begin to shine the way. Steel cans smoke towers to the sky.

A haza of smoke hangs above teh walls and around the moutnains. Bright yellows and oragnzes glimmer as the sun sets. 

The shadow from the wall extends. 

The pack walks beyond the shadows, past WHERECARLOSPLAYEDMUSIC and to the sun. Their shadows extends and edgees of skin chill to a freeze.

The song in Shake's head and its lyrics stops with thought, ,,Flare, have you ate Goblins?''

,,No,'' says Flare.

,,I have,'' says Shake. ''We have.'' Shake rubs thumb and index finger. A flame burns from finger as Shake says, ''William, you have ate your own kin.''

William looks at Shake. He looks forward.

,,We were cruel to Goblins,'' says Flare. She drinks from wine flask, swallows says, ''Goblins have big feet for bodies. Goblins run fast.'' She raises hands and smacks both togher. ''Goblins runs fast toward water. Goblin run with big feet and fast over water. Goblins tire, slow run and fall into water. We trained goblin and bet on distance until fall in water.''

Shake smils and cackles.

Spear smiles and slaps Flare's back. ,,Any good goblins trained.''

Flare takes the hit, doesn't move. ,,I won more than lost.''

William grabs the wine flask. ,,What was the most important trait? The size of their feet or the quikness of their step.'' William drinks.

Flare says, ,,Goblin'a swiming skill.''

,,Why?'' says Minst.

Flare grabs the wine flask. ,,Goblins swim. Goblins live longer. Goblins live longer then can train for enough speed and how to use their feet.'' Flare drinks, smirks. ''They all got big feet.''

,,Feet don't taste good,'' says Shake. He pauses. Body skips ack and for during time.

Flare steps and watch Shake's body pause, hold, walk.

Guile pauses, holds, walks with Shake. 

The pack walks from the slush cover streets to the powder covered streets.

Lamp lights and torch lights create yellows, reds and oragnes over the near flawless power over the streets, window seals and roofs. 

Two lines of white robed beings walk along the sides of the street near the build fronts. The people on the Wax side of Street walk to the Set. The people on the Wane side of street to the Rise. The ropes have white beads creating shapes, images and goblin marks through the furry, rough and smooth white robes. The beads shine and dances with the fire and lantern lights. 

Flare slows steps and stands lowering the carafe and swallowing. ,,We follow the step.'' She steps into the lead and the wine caraffe.

,,Why does everyone wear the white robes?'' says Minst.

,,Ritual,'' says Flare. ''The ritual is one from the Rise across the valley from Grandling.'' Flare steps from the middl of the street covered in slush and power toward the edige.

The pack follows.

the slush becomes powders.

Flare slows the leading step to fall in pace with white robe people waiting to join the queue walking toward the Rise.

''It is told a wizards guild created-''

Minst interrupts. ''Was it the WIZARDGUILDOFILLUSION?''

Flare says, ,,I know not.'' Flare glances back and then steps forward with white robed being before. ''White robes have been worn the first sunny day after snow coveres.'' Flare steps slow and an  at ace with white robes before. ''It is done for many reasons through many cities and hamlets through the kingdom land. I grew wearing white robes when raining. I grew smelling of dirt was the smell to hide and join.'' Flare drinks wine. ''White worn in Goblin Port after snow while there is powerder in the ground.''

All walk a striaght line.

William steps on an edge of the power.

Flare leads the pack to the Rise then the Wane then the Rise.

All see the tower top.

They walk to the Rise in a line of beings wearing white ropes.

All see the tops of the drum tower and caste wall.

The wall rises as the building lower from four or five floor tall to two or three. The road rise becomes and flat path covered with powder snow.

White robed beings walk in ine at edge of powder robes.

A common click begins to strike. The click spreads from being to being. Goblin clicks, human clicks, gnome clicks, orger clicks click from the beings weiring the white ropes at on time with one pace with one tone.

Flare clicks.

The pack listens and follows.

The street lights illiminate the powder covered streets.

Build windows shine fire adn glowing globe light. Being dressed in white walk along road and into  stone coved betweeen the buildinds.

Open windows fume steam and smoke and scents. Cherry, strawberry, mint, chocolate fumes flow from the steam that rises. The scents spreads.

Minst inhales the smell then inhales the self and smells the sweart stench and mildew.

Spear sneezes. ,,Oils and smoke.''

Minst exhales. ,,I forgot what it is to smell.''

Whiffes of grass and dirtsmell, orange and roltlin; swamp and pine smells swirl from robes and windows.

Tables, chairs and fences areas before short two level buildings guides the lines of walking white robes near. 

The two wagon wide road becomes a one wagon width road.

The people point at the caste.

The castle was see to rise high above the buildings. White lines of snow stick to the morter and along the crowns of the wall towers rising above the walls at the cornoers of the wall. 

People drink and eat arond white clothed tables and near glowing orbs that radiate a heat upon the pack as they pass.

Decks and balconies above the street hold people standing an pointing at robes. Monicals and small cones are held to eyes guided by pointing fingers.

Flare leads the step and pace to the Wax and along a road flowing toward the castle.

Flare steps between a fense leading to a door. ,,You wait.'' Flare points finger to self. ''I talk for room.'' Flare steps and enters.

The pack stands outside the wood fense. 

The fence surrounds white tables and silver chairs like a semi circle like  from the edges of the three level tall building. The windows at the top are dark and no one is standing on the balcony.

The pack stands.

Shake says as Flare steps into the hotel. ,,Don't trust that one. Leading us around like fools while we are wowed by all the white and the castle.''

,,Shake,'' says William. 

Shake feels slow and face and peers between pause of time at William.

Guile sooth Shake's body tremors and grabs the echo of Shake's talk and puts the words to his lips and mouth. >Calm, Shake,< sees Guile to Shake's mind. >|Your stress causes the rejection and timing of your body to manifest. Calm.''

William looks at Shake.

Shake never looks at Willliam. 

Guile feels the force of rage radiate through Shake. Guile sees to Shake the sound of Myst's hum through his body, and Shake's body calms.

As Mysts quiet self hum becomes a hum like the rub of a drum from Myst.

Shake breathes and calms and says, ,,With the enemy with the pack. Everyone needed to watch their backs.''

The light on the top floor illuminates through window and over the balconey. Four being wearing white robes walk and stand on balcony. The sniff noses at smoke rising from trays and stare at the tower.

Shae steps in toward the pacing line of white robes. ''It will return to the back. For one failure give signal to attack.''

William grips fist.

And Flare steps from open double doors. ,,No room,'' says Flare.

Flare point to a building Rise Wane across the street. ''Two lights out.''

,,One light on,'' says Shake.

One of the two window illuminates. A sihloutte open windows.

Flare steps. 

,,Do people like to be around the castle for this white robe event?'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Flare. Flare steps, and Minst steps behind Flare.

Shake leads. Guile follows Minst, and feels Minst drum hum through his body.

Guile sees and lets his body movement attach to Shake's body movement.

William follows Guile with an eye and shake and hand by hilt.

Then Myst steps behind William and steps near to let her hum drum sing over the neck of William.

William's guantlet fist become a gauntlet hand swinging by side in stride with the pack.

Minst walks with finger touching spell book spine back. And steps with Spear behind. 

The pack walks and talks and goes up the street then over the intersection then back to the hotel that has not room.

,,The second light on,'' says Shake. ''And then there some sort of single. The fourth. The rule of fours. Things always happens in fours. The unwritten law. The third window is before.''

Flare glances at Shake as Flare guides the pack along the roads to one more hotel with dim window. One window shines as Flare walks past and says, ,,Dark rooms are reserved.'' Flare steps near the gate to the street and the line of people in white ropes walk. ''The tower,'' says Flare. ''The tower area will have rooms. Now one likes to be near the tower as much as they like near the portcolus and the Set side of the castle.''

,,They'll be a room,'' says Shake. there's been four lights. Then there will be a forth atempt at a hotel. And that window won't be bright because once we get in the trap will be tripped and we will be trapped.''

,,Shake,'' says Myst, ''Sing. Shake.''

Guile pushes Myst words adn song through his mind through Shake.

Shake breathes and exhales. His heart slows, and body walks. 

Along the castle the pack walks the street then walks to the Rise. 

And to the Rise the castle wall looms and spans from ground to the sky dark and highlighted with torch and glob light. 

White robes walk along the castle wall. The walking robes appear to float over the powder and along the caste wall. 

The pack crosses street and walks along the castle wall. Their shoulders and hips with swoord ends and handle tips near rub the wall of the castle. 

The castle walls span taller than two giant oaks in Westmore Canyon. Granite rectangle blocks as large as wagons full of root and swamp weed stack to create the wall. The seams between the bolders unseen in the night or with the fire or globe light shining over it's black surface. 

Shake reaches for the wall. 

Flare says, ,,Do not touch.''

Shake's finger tips touch the wall of the castle. He feels the smooth surface slide over skin.

Shake steps and tickles finger tips ovcer the castle wall. He feels thin seems betten the huge stone rectangles. Then he lifts his fingers and walks.

Guile and Spear and Kirra and Flare feel people stare. Shake knows and likes the sight and the show. 

,,A play to begin,'' says Shake.

,,Shake,'' says William. William sees people glance and peer. He sees hoods twist to look at the pack. 

The lines of goblins walking along the wall of the castle begin to make a single click with with teeth, tongues and top of mouths. The click at the beat of the step pause and walk of the line along the wall. 

Myst hits her  drum making a click click with the click of the line walking along the powdered wall

,,What's the click?'' says Minst.

Flare says, ,,One has touched the wall.''

The pack walks along the wall slow and smooth. The walk and walk and walk.

The clicks are loud near Shake and quiet as the sounds spans from the pack. The clicks create a circle of sound around the pack.

Myst's drum hits give the circel a center. The clicks fade after they step and walk and step and walk and step and walk.

Soon after the clicks fade, Flare says, ,,This is the middle of the Wax side of the castle.''

William says loud, ,,Long castle for a city.''

Flare walks. ,,Goblin Port is a big city.''

Shake steps after flare. ,,There are many castles in Waterdown.''

,,They never seen the workers after they entered the keep,'' says Minst. ''There is a book I read about this castle, the keep, the tower. The tower was built first and is near the Rise side of the rectanle castle walls. The keep. After the keep was built all entered the keep and never returned. AFter the castle was built all entered the castle and no one returned. The entered the keep and were gone.''

Minst pauses, swallows and rubs a buzz from mind. ''The castle was vacant for years. There were theives and adventures always bragging to enter and steel the secret riches of all those who entered before, but nothing was found or given. They entered the castle and they never returned. During the time between the giving of the tower and the castle to the city by THELICHESNAME Westmore. When what is believed to be the time of the first goblin entering the city, the city began to have commerce and new life as trade began to flow to the city using what I now know was teleportation. The castle was occupied by people of a wizards guild who wore robes, but I think those robes were black robes and white black robes. The wizards guild helped clean and control and protect the castle and the keep through no one has seen the black robes. The book ends with the city becoming a port again, but in never explains how, but now that i hear about the teleporting now I understand.''

,,They where white after snow,'' says Flare. ''They walk around the castle.''

The pack walks and walks and walks. It walk along the castle wall. It walk by the talk keep twice the height of the walls. It walks by the tower as tall as bird flying high as it rises high above in the sky. The pack walks.

,,How does the tower stand so high?'' says Minst. ''I don't know if I could fly to the top.''

,,Dwarves,'' says Guile. ''We know our stone and structures.''

,,It was written that dwarves built the tower in the book.'' Minst looks up. ''It didn't appear this tall.''

The pack walks and walks. 

They walk around the corner wall tower. The round tower rises ast tall as the wall. Windows and arrow slots are aligned in tight rows and columns from the middle to top of tower. Snow dust covers the smooth, seemless, black tower walls. 

The people in white robes walk and the back follows to an intersection around the bend of the tower.

The buildins aling the road along the Rise castle wall rise four levels high and are wide as city blocks or half city blocks. Many rows and columns of rectangle windows cover the sides of the buildings. Lights shine through windows while some windows only caste dark. Like undoectorated blocks, the buildings are arranged over the span from one end of the castle wall to the other end of the castle wall to the Rise.

The pack crosses the street with some being in white robes. they meet a few people who peer at Shake and click in sync. One points at Shake as they walk along the road toward the rise.

the people back to front to back to front in step with no space between the round circles of slush in the smooth powder of streets. 

A few foots steps to cross the streets from the trails walked by the white robed beings.

The white is illuminated bright by the torch flame and magic globe light.

Flare steps into the path toward the Wax and walks to a building the size of a city block of the city grid.

One by one hte pack joins the long line of white robes walk toward the Wax. One by one they follow Flare to an open hall spannign through the center of a building rising six levels from the ground and from end to end of hte block.

The hall is lite with brigth even light that shines to other passage of white.

Flare leads the pack from the trail and into a white hall then stands along the wall as the pack enters.

Shake says, ,,The ambush awaits us in the hall.''

Guile feels Shake buzaa and tense. Guile's body tenses. His back feels stiff, strained then loose.

Shake pulls a knife to hand and steps behind Flare. Shake rises knife.

Guile coughs. The cough echoes.

All turn to glance at Guile.

Flare sees the knife in Shake's hand and steps away to say, ,,We find a room. The bathes are common share. Price is cheap.'' Flare holds the credit paper before Shake. ''You hold the money for turst.''

White robed beings walk past looking at the pack.

A white robed being stands before the pack. The being pulls back the hood with fur at the edge of the hood and white beads creating swirls and twirles betweem the armes and the fall of layers of silk flowing over other layers.

The hood falls and a hugoblins with a long narrow face with features sharp and even. The black and green eyes stare like orb of dark over the pack. A soft voice is spoke as the white robes parts to reveal whiteleather armor and the round of breasts.

The full thick lips say, ,,A you hear to stay or hide from the parade.''

,,To stay,'' says Flare as she turns from Shake to the white robed hugoblin.

,,Then please walk this way.'' The robe hugoblins walks along the white hall.

Flare looks at Shake and steps with the hugoblin.

Beings wearing armor, hide coats, leater lace and cotton wears run from hall to hall chasing with laughter ones in white robes. Lights shines.

An elf with robe hanging over shouldrs jumbs before the pack, shouls and horred scream then run along the all, turn long another.

Sbake staps. ,,No.''

Guile stops and stands like Shake. Guile pivots on heel then heels to turn step and step away. 

Shake says, ''Who are we following? Flare? William? Fate? Some one in a white robe who we don't know what is doing here and where we are being guided.''

Flare clicks and clacks. 

Then the bright white robed hugoblinn pulls white robe over shoulders and turns to walk back ward with even step. She clicks and clacks.

Flare says, ,,Her name is Gjlik Klpkopgij.''

Shake sayt, ,,Gjbarbarbarabarbarabar bar bar bar.''

Flare clicks and clacks. 

Gjlik Klpkopgij clacks and clicks, smiles. She parts her robe to show her leather armor curving around her body like tight Blue's Armor. boots steps silent on stone.

Shake looks and stands and watches Gjlik Klpkopgij. 

Gjlik Klpkopgij walk backward.

The pack stops.

Flare says, ,,She works here.'' Flare give the credit sheet to Shake. ''No credit cost.''

Spear steps with Flare feeling no fear and feeling a pulls toward Gjlik Klpkopgij. Spear's hear beats and boils near a rage as he stares at Gjlik Klpkopgij.

Shake looks at paper then Flare, says, ,,Everyone pays.'' He grabs his credit sheet. He rolls it.

,,Why do we trust Gjlik Klpkopgij?'' says William.

Spear steps and stands.

Four white robes one walking after the other from a small hall to athe big hall where the pack stands.

The hall before the back is smaller than the long wide and tall hall wide and tall enought to fit  stagecoach through with a full team of ox-goblins. 

The hall Gjlik Klpkopgi leads is small fitting the pack shoulder to shouler to let one person pass to the left of the pack. Wooden door stained black with copper handles.

,,She is a friend,'' says Flare.

Shake stands still. Guile pulls a time quiver from Shake's body to his own.Shake says, ,,We we here last and not first? Is it fate there are four things. Thigns happen in fours after all, and this is number four. There were four window lite. The fifth, not the fourth ours. This is not somei fater. This is a trap.''

Flare clicks and clacks.

Gjlik Klpkopgij clacks a laughs and clicks and raises palm and swats toward Shake as she steps to walk away. 

The laughter clicks hit Shake's timing buzz to a rage.

Guile comuse the rage from Shake and spreads it through his bodg with shivers. Ankle pain is as the shutter quivers.

Myst hears the laugh nearly ring of truth.

A black wooden door opens along the all and to an opening. It's hinges squeak. The squeak give discourse to the sound playing in Mysts mind and n Guile's Mins nad William's mind.

The song of Reighn sings William to feel the laughter from Gjlik Klpkopgij from a friend. The calm click translates through Rieghn as a soft bell with the surface talk. ,,Be at peace for humor.''

Flare steps with Gjlik Klpkopgij. Flare clicks, and Myst's song sings the clicks to surface talk words. ,,Mindless be with you.''

Flare steps with Gjlik Klpkopgij. Flare says with clicks and the song. ,,Pay if you want. I have a bed.'' Flare walks with Gjlik Klpkopgij.

,,We need two rooms with windows toward the castle and near the tower,'' says William.

Flare walks and clicks and clacks and Myst's song of Reighn sings to those who hear, ,,Those rooms aren't free.''

,,We pay,''s ays Shake stepping forward without twitch or itch as all body pains flows from Shake to Guile.

Gjlik Klpkopgij ist near a black door. She waits until five hugoblins wearing hight robes tight around big bodies like white furry pares. 

The five white hugoblin pears glare and peer and sneer at the pack and wink at Gjlik Klpkopgij.

Gjlik Klpkopgij nods and half bows with a smile and stare at one of the five fuzzy robed hobgoboins pares.

,,And the four. Things happen in fours. The fourth is the bad.

Kirra grabs the credit paper and gives the paper to flare. ,,Lead.''

Gjlik Klpkopgij grabs the credit and waves the paper and hand forward through the hall. Gjlik Klpkopgij clicks and clacks and all hear and follow the word sung. ,,Come, I will lead you to a room.''

,,Do you own the building?'' says Minst as he touches the spine of his spell book.

A human shouts, ,,STOP!''

Laughter and two people running along big hall pass the hall where the pack stands. ''STOP?!'' is shouted from outside the buiding. Laughter speads.

Flare says, ,,Gjlik Klpkopgij works the Set Wane Quarter.'' Flare gras Gjlik Klpkopgij shoulders and and steps to face the pack as her and Gjlik Klpkopgij walk back with Kirra before them.

Gjlik Klpkopgij and Flare walk nearly as one with Flare biting the ear of Gjlik Klpkopgij. 

Kirra walk past. 

Then Gjlik Klpkopgij steps and leads seperating from Flare.

To the Set and to a flight of stairs spiral up and up and up then along a hole of bright red like boold. The block doors are throug the hall. 

Shake mumbles and steps. ,,Trap. No trap. There. The top. They knew we'd pay. The knew.'' Near the top of the stiars, Shake walks past William pulling Guile along like a puppet. Shake says loud. ,,Why did you take us here first?''

Flare and Westbroek was a few steps.

Flare says without looking back. ,,We can.';

As the step from stairs, a being wearing a red robe stand in path from stairs to hall. 

Gjlik Klpkopgij gives the paper to the hugoiblin in red.

The hugoiblin in read scratches quill over the paper.

Gjlik Klpkopgij takes teh paper and give it to Shake. She leads the pack toward the Wan to a wall and a window.

Before the wall adn the open window, Gjlik Klpkopgij grabs a key ring with long necked twenty notched key and puts key in lock, twists and shakes. The door opens. The
 Gjlik Klpkopgij walks to the door next and steps back with Flare.

Flare says, ,,The rooms are open. The bath and oils are in the basement down. You bring the credit sheet. Pay for bathes and oils.''

Flare looks at Gjlik Klpkopgij and Gjlik Klpkopgij grabs Flare's hand and pulls her through the all and to the stairs down.

Flare says loud before walking down the stairs. ,,I will be in the ball room or sleep.''

Shake says loud. ,,THE BALL ROOM.''

,,DOWN,'' says Flare. ''ABOVE THE BATHS.''

Flare and Gjlik Klpkopgij walk to spiral stares.

Shake says, ,,I'm not going in there.''

Kirra steps into the room. 

William steps into the other room.

Both rooms are near mirrors connected by an iron door between the wall the seperartes. 

Globes in four corner rooms glow. Two beds the widith of Spear's arm span are against the Wane wall. Three bed bowls are stacked on a table.

The table is black oak. A white lace table cloth coveres top. A platter with a pitcher and four glass is the center piece of the table. 

Red wall surround. The black window frames are ocvered with black curtains. 

Kirra walks to the window and opens. 

William, in the other room does the same. William says slow. ,,Oh...No...Am...bush.'' William grabs armor and pulls off blues armor, the the plat armor then the chain  mail. He tosses sword to ground and takes the hip plates off body. 

While William underesses, Myst enters the room and sits on bed, takes off pack and lays down; Kirra stand and by the open window and stares at the tower. Minst looks at both rooms and steps to the room with Myst and Willia until Spear guides him to enter the room with Kirra; Spears teps with Minst; Shake says loud, ,,WHAT NOW?'' as Guile stands like resting puppet.

William sighs. ,,Bathing, cleaning. Entering the castle.''

Shake lifts arms and swats. ,,I'll be in the ball room.'' He steps adn leaves.

Guile stands in hall. Like a string is snapped as Shake walks the stairs, Guile stumble forward.

William strides and reaches for Guile.

Guile falls and hits the smooth wood floor with the thump and a bouce hitting Guile's mind from Shake's body to his own.

,,Guile,'' say sWilliam. 

Kirra and Minst and Spear walk to the room. Spear holds his warhammer.

Guile says, ,,Shake.'' He rolls away fumes the sweat and piss as the Robe of Reighn spreads open. ''Not cure Shake. Can'ts to.'' He looks at William. ''What are we to do?''

William kneels. ,,We will bathe, clean bath and dress to enter the castle.''

,,We should watch, Shake,'' says Guile. ''His addiction strong.''





