Four shadow figures run near silent and near invisible through the dusk shadows around Shake and Guile.

As Guile looks back, two shadow figures slide near silent sans a slight crunch of snow to hide with bush and treee.

Guile looks to Shake as Shake reaches through fire to grab Guile's Heart Dagger then run into the darkness.

Shake runs silent and with the shadows of dusk to run between two of the four.

The two fo the four stand peeriing into the night trying to follow Shake as he slipped into the darkness and between the two, who hear tight leather pants and shorts and long sleeved tight shirts with caps stretched over bodies. The two stand and peer into the shadows of dawn and see no Shake.

As Shake walks a circl near the back of one of the two, Guile feels for the shouting of Heart Dagger, but feels not scream.

Guile sits and splits the mind to two then shouts, >HINDK,< and listens for a mental echo of those around. <What,> <Who,> <Get out,> <Now,> <Hello,> and the feeling of Shake's thoughtless fluid movement and focuse upon object of rage.

Shake breaks twig.

The silhouette flips around and flips legs over head and head of legs as it flips from Shake's path before it runs. All in a flash that has Shake crash and crunch through teh dead pine and leaves.

All the silhouttes stop.

A voice says, ,,We seek friends.'' The voice hears to flow thorugh the forest left, right, front and back like a whirl wind.

Guile hears the voice as the voice thought, <Hello> and lets the shout mind focus as the receieving mind to focus and hear the words to the mind spoke.

The one tumbling away from Shake says, as she raises empty palms and steps into the firelight as it fades to night.

The one uses one hand to pull back coif to let red hear flow over neck and shoulders. 

A pale white face with green eyes and full lips framed around acute lines and sharp curves over face. 

The light plays over face illuminating the feature to Shake as Shake stalls and pauses.

During the pause, Guile stands and walks from the light and into the cold leaving wool sheet and pack of food by fire. He steps back to the darkness then hears the voice of the unknonw to talk to him into it's mind. He hears the thoughts of the being. <Where's Jaxel? Where's the others? Small. I can't take one. Big, fat behind. Don't...Wait. There's Don.> ,,Jaxel,'' says Guile.

The one with red hear turns and jerks her head and stops step.

Shake remains in hidden in the darkness, says, ,,Dagger,'' then thows Heart Dagger into tree trunk an arm's reach from Guile as he steps away from the two with no on from the dark and toward a shade leaning against a distand pine tree. 

No soud or sight is seen of Shake as he runs from the moutain, into the forest toward the distant most seen shade  leaning against tree.

Guile only sees the read hair and pale feathers of the human before him. He sucks in gut a touch and resists the urge to put hand in pits as fire warm hands cool. He stares at red hair then blinks to see the dagger stuck in tree then thinks an image of the forges heating metal in the moutain and castes the feel through the path of the shout into the mind of the one seen.

The one seen glances back to where Shake was then turns to look at Guile while glancing at the Heat Dagger stuck in tree.

The look becomse a stare between the two.

The wind blows cold, but is not felt as the one seen lets her red hair brush over hair says loud, ,,The pot belly one know your name, Jaxel.''

Shake nears the shade leaning agianst the tree.

,,The thin, boney one is running knows where I stand,'' says a smooth voice that calms the rage from Shake's mind as he focuses upon the target.

A branch snaps behind Guile as he hears Jaxel's voice as Guile grabs and pulls knife from trunk and spins body leading with knife.

Knife swips past a face ducking back from the light and the dagger.

The face is attached to a body thin and tall dressed in black tight body suit and coif. The face stares in surprise at  Guile as the face's boy steps and stands near the darkness showing on the face to Guile. The face is dark oval with eyes and lips full and nose a snout that could sneeze away a snow drift. The face's eyes stare as the body steps back.  ,,Little jumpy with the knife,'' says the lips of the face.

,,Ambush make jump,'' say Guile as Shake slows step and stans in the shadows of the trees after hearing Jazel's voice
then hearing talk from Guile and another. 

The wind blows away the talk and blows in silence. 

Glove covered hand clap and Jaxel's deep smooth voice tone. ,,Bravo. Bravo. Encore. Encore.'' The body of the voice steps close to the fire passing Shake.

Shake crouches and breathes deep breaths from body during Jaxel's heave steps over the snow and dried pine needles. He watches and three other shades walk from the darkness into the fight light toward Guile then stands and steps silently three leaps behind Jaxel as Jaxel continues to talk.

,,Lim, please give our new friend his personal space,'' says Jaxel. Jaxel's short thin body feels to slide through darkness into the light as if the light flickers for him. His legs and arms walk with the flicker and lick of the fire's flame and light. 

The light castes sharp cheeks and chin in a frame around the coil.  His frame near the size of shake filles the black body suits with tone muscle.

Jaxel steps and stands by the red head.

,,There is one behind,'' says a loud voice behind. It's gruff voice scrapes through sound.

Shake lets foot falls hit and crunch. He loosens his body and stares from sihlouettes to the illuminated bodies stepping into light.

Each wearing tight cloths covering the contours of the their muscle bodies. Knifes and daggers are held in hands. Two of the people stand behind Jaxel, who stands by the red haird woman near Guile.

Guile stands and stares from the red hair to Jaxel. He steps back to see both Jaxel and Lim and into the darkness while glancing that the wool sheet and pack of food then he stops and begins think of Jaxel and red haired woman. Their voice span and expan and play into the minds of both.

A FLASH OF WHITE blinds Guile. His body shakes.

Jaxel smiles and winks at Guile while pulling back his coif to show his bald, tan head. ,,My friends we are not thy enemy, we are but entertainers. And though this not be our stage we had to come witness the orgins of the fire. Goblins are about.'' Jaxel steps with grace and fluid nature of long legged bird before he bows deep below the waist spreading hands to side. ''Jaxel.'' He stands to full statue a head height shorter that Guile. 

Guile looks a Jaxel then look a Shake standing a couple of leaps from Jaxel and the three around Jaxel. He sheaths his knife and feels the emotions of the their minds as on collective in during an instant.

During an instant, fear, caution, distrust and curiousity is felt by Guile. 

During an instant, Guile lowers head and walks toward the fire. 

Lim steps, leaps and grabs Guile's shoulder pulling him back.

Guile pulls dagger from sheath and stumbles over pile of wood and falls.

The dagger falls into snow and mud.

,,LIM,'' hollers Jaxel stepping between Guile and Lim. ''We are guests!'' He says with the drama of the stage. 

Shake kneels watching the play before him while searching the ground for rocks picking two stones the size of eyeballs and grips them in palms. He stands and walk to the fire nudge one behind the red hair.

It's body startles and jumps and as it steps back.

,,Actors,'' says Shake. He laughs his high-pitch laugh that nears a cackle and steps to fire sitting near the bag of nuts, mushrooms and leaves. He grabs a handful and chews. 

All look at Shake for a few pops of the fire while Guile grabs his knife and stands brushing off snow and needs from his tunic. 

Jaxel pulls sight from Shake to Guile then pivots and steps like a dance ending the movement with arm outstretched toward the campfire.

The other entertainers step away from Shake and the fire and near the darknews. With a glance, Lim follows and stands with the others as Lim steps to the fire opposite of Guile and Shake.

Shake looks at the fire and put a branch into the fire. 

Guile holds his knife and looks to Lim and the others. His rage creates a firesphere in his mind.

The fire jumps and leaps into the air catching fire to the new branch. The fire flames reach to the diming sky as the dusk fades to night. The fire castes the shadows from its like to darkness.

Jaxel's shadow bows with his body nearly touching the fire flames. ,,My name is Jaxel-''

,,Are they still here?'' says Shake interrupting Jaxel. 

Guile smiles. He looks behind then looks at the fire and gigles and nearly snorts. ,,Yes.''

,,Very well,'' says Jaxel. ''It was a pleasure meeting both.'' Jaxel lifts hand to point through the forest away from the mountain. ''We have a camp near. It will be a few cycles untilwe pull up wagons and roll to Lyno.'' He looks at both Guile then Shake. ''If it pleases you, then we would be happy to show you our acting.'' And with that, Jaxel bows agains and walks into the darkness with the other five members leaving on the cold breeze.

The cold breeze chills Guile as he watches the entertainers walk into darkness. 

Guile reaches for the wool sheet and begins to wrap the wool sheet around shivering body, but then holds it before Shake. 

Shake chews on nuts and plint. He shrugs and says while chewing, ,,Wear it.'' Then he wink, ''Share it when we sleep.''

,,Sleep,'' says Guile.

,,We should sleep.'' Shake stretches and force a yawn. ''Wake in the morning. Find our way to Lyno.''

,,We walk when dark?'' says Guile staring at the fire.

,,No,'' Shake swallows. ''No.'' He cleans teeth of nut. ''No, too many creapy things. Too many theives. Night hides evil.''

Guile says, ,,Morning.''

,,Morning,'' says Shake.

Shake stands and sweeps foot and pine needs and rocks while saying, ,,The red haired girl was making my heart beat.'' He grins through the dust and fire light. ''Made my hip want to beat on her.''

Guile glances at Shake the stares at the fire.

The flames spread and twist and consume the wood, the air. The flames spread through the cold and the dark.

The cold and the dark consume the fire. The cold seeps tunics, finger tips, toes and ears.

Shake puts hands over ears. ,,Got that water,'' says Shake.

Guile stares into the fire. The flames play in his eyes and in his mind. The flames feeling and form spreads through Guile's body as a thought consuming confustion and fear seeping from the unknown. The flame thought warms the mind to calm the rage, hate and chaos from the freeze on life, sense, for Guile to hear Shake say, ,,Guile.''

,,Guile,'' snaps Shake.

The snaps extingush the flames in Guile's mind.

''Guile,'' snaps Shake. Face is near Guile's. The bottle of water hangs from hand. ''Guile.''

Guile blinks.

Shake stands by the fire and sips water.

Guile looks at Shake. ,,I...''

,,Reading my mind?'' says Shake with smile.

,,No,'' says Guile. ''The fire.''

,,Oh,'' Shake's shoulders slump. He sits on the ground and corks the water bottle. He lifts it to the fire light. ''Need water.''

Guile nods.

Shake lays on the dirt with back to fire. He puts four rocks the size eyeballs by his hips then lays head by dirt. ,,We can go find a river. Got be a steam. There is the snow to. Maybe.'' He lifts head. ''Snow. Put in the glass.''

,,You, sleep,'' says Guile. ''He stands with the wool sheet over body. ''I gather snow for water.''

Shake lays his head on the ground. ,,Wake if a black dragon comes.''

Guile grabs the three water bottle and fills the bottles of snow. He stares at the fire and lets the feeling of fire spread warm from body to mind covering self in a shroud. He sleeps...

The snow in the bottles melt and warm against the fire

The fire warms Guile and Shake.

Shake sleeps silent and still until a crack naps sleep.

Dark surrouds. The fire illuminates dim red coals.

Shake looks at Guile.

Guile sits on ground with legs crosses with head and body slumped over. 

Twig snaps and snow crunch carries with the cold breeze.

Shake kneels then stands. 

Moon light shine dim light between trees. Patches of snow splot white. The sihlouette trees and brushes contrast against the darkness of night.

Shake peers.

Then the breeze becomes a gust of wind blowing dust and snow ash and coals. 

Shake turns head aside and closes eyes as the gust becomes a wind with the force of a tornado.

Guile blows over. The trees sway. Snow blows with fire coals through the shaking and swaying trees. 

Shake tries to step and kick Guile awake, but the wind pushes him down.

A puff of ash covers Shake's face. Flesh sears. 

Shake screams, rolls and run, feels the crunch of snow, falls and pushes face into snow. 

Flesh hangs from his face as he lifts numb head from snow.

Dust of dirt and snow stings face.

CRACK! snaps louder than Shake's screams through melted lips. 

Shake rolls to pack. Through blurred pain, Shake sees a tree sihlouette fall onto the Guild and the firepit.

A bright light illuminates a black dragon standing over the fallen trees. 

The black dragon's legs, body and neck raise hear to loom high above. Its huge mouth with teeth as big as Shake's leg hang from raoring mouth. It's wings spread cover the moon and casting darkness upon Shake.

Shake blinks away the blue to see the dragon lower neck.

Droplets of acid drip and drop. They stain and melt the snow and wood. 

The dragon head lowers to peer its big black eyes at Shake and reveal dressed in red armor with a purple sash and a long beard hanging over chest. White plumming cuffes apear from the leather armor matching the white dyed pants with purple shoes.

,,Carlos,'' mummbles Shake.

And Carlos looks at Shake and laughs and laughs and laughs as the black dragon grabs shake with mouth and thrash him about...

Then darkness and pain flows over Shake, and he hears his name through the void.

,,SHAKE,'' hollers the voice. ''SHAKE!'' Then the voice flows slow. ''SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKKEEEEEEEEE!''

Searing, burning spreading pain feels to spread slows to slow waves of pain that pump like a heart beat.

Then darkness illuminating to a dim dawn.

Shake feels burning pain. He hears Guile call is name, ''Shake.''

Guile watches Shake lay near the fire and open eyes. He toses snow on the smoldering back of Shakes tattered leather shirt. ''Shake.'' He blinks away the the sleep and the images of flame that consumed and played through his dreams.

Now Guile feels the cold breeze freezing through the trees, the overwhelming open of the world and the emptiness of placement, the fear of what is beyond the trees, the valley, the sky now the the fires of the dreams and thoughts have vanished. Guile feels Shakes back  and feels not fire.

Shake does feel the pain when Guile toes a spot on his back. ,,Ouch.'' Shake wiggles and slides and crawls to a sit. ''You're alive.''

,,Yes,'' says Guile. 

,,Is it morning,'' says Shake.

,,It is dark,'' says Guile.

,,Yes, but..'' Shake looks at Guile. He looks to the sky and see a dim dawn then he looks around to the fire seeing the piles of pine, twigs and branches burning and smoldering.

The cold cools the burn on Shake's back. The breeze blows the smoke and ash thorugh the trees along the mountain.

,,Why,'' says Shake. He rubs his sore shoulder and the burn that now shrouds the pain. ''How?'' He stands. ''How did the fire spread?'' He walks to the darkness to snow and scoops a hand full snow and rubs it agains his shoulder as he shivers.

Guile grabs the wool sheet and walks to Shake seeing the grays, whites and blacks. ,,I spread fire.''

Shake's light gray form contrast against dark gray of moonlight and darkness as seen by Guile's sight. White and gray fine links like an ink and quill drawing spreads over Shake's gray form.

,,Why?'' says Shake.

,,I think dreams spread the fire,'' says Guile.

,,Dreams?'' says Shake rubbing in the snow then feeling the burn of cold on hand. ''What you dream?''

,,Fire,'' says Guile.

,,Well.'' Shake steps to the smoke and breeze. ''I had a dream of a Carlos the Barded Dwarf on a black dragon killing us, and we are alive!'' Shake spreads arms. 

Guile and Shakes stare. Guiles see the reliefs of gray and white. Shake sees a sihlouette against moonlight night seeing no detail of Guile's face starring down as Guile says, ,,Please forgive. Minds and own body only sites seen by my mind.''

Shake hears the emotion in Guiles gruff voice. 

Guile sighs louder than then blow of cold breeze by near frozen hear. Guile picks-up the wool sheet and holds it before Shake with a shivering arm.

,,I wear your tunic, you keep the wool sheet til we make shoes and gloves, hats for us,'' says Shake.

Guile lowers wool and looks at Shake. He unlatches and pulls belt and pulls off tunic from over a thin wool long sleeved shirt. ,,Have the tunic.''

Shake pulls his tattered, burnt, stained, smelly, worn thin once thick leather shirt from body and tosses into the firepit then grabs the tunic and thows it over body. He shifts letting the tunic falling to cover his waist. 

Its large arms and sleeves hang over hangs. The belt wraps nearly twice around Shake.

The wool sheet only wraps around Guile once. 

They look away from each other and glance here there around the forest, the night, then they both look to the sky and the dimming stars.

,,Morning,'' says Shake.

Guile picks the pack and corks two water bottles, puts the two in pack leaving one by the fire. He straps the pillow case pack to back. ,,We walk to Lyno.''

,,Your ankle?'' says Shake while pulling off leather ties from his leather shirt.

,,I can walk,'' says Guile.

Shake points to the glass bottle on the ground. ,,May drink.''

Guile nods.

''Nuts, too. I needs some food if we're walking.''

Guile nods and opens the pack letting Shake dive his hands inside and grab an handful of pine nuts and some mushrooms.

''It please me for your gift,'' says Shake. He puts the nuts in once pocket and leater strans from leather in another pants pockets then tucks holds the old leather shirt and hold the glass jar and drinks, swallows. ''We go.''

Guile watches Shake, nods and follows Shake's step and path through the trees with the cool breeze and the dim morning.

They walk in silence for a few steps, not far from the fire camp until Shake says, ,,We should start a guild in Lyno. Maybe we can find a connact for Branching and begin our own branch?''

Guile walks.

Shake steps. ,,It's quiet. I wonder if the goblins have spread from the canyon. The actors said then could be near, but really who can trust actor. But it's quiet. No rodents. Nothing. I don't hear any. No birds. Odd. I would think that there would some rodents. Weird. Have you ever fought a goblins?'' Shake pause looks to Guile. Guile walks silent.''I have. Dangerous begins. Nasty. Got. Then there's the big nasty ones. The hobgoblins. I wonder why their called hob. Hob make them more? Know they are nastier. Big as you and me they are. Mean to. But William and Spear, Kirra, too.'' He looks at Guile. ''You remember them, from the tales about fighting goblins.'' Shake slams fist into palm. ''The can smash goblins.'' Shake pause. ''I hope they healthy. But. They should...Do you have any friends?''

,,No,'' says Guile.

,,Yeah, I can understand they can be a burden. But also. Also, not, also. Except, Yeah except they can be helping. They help when lonely. You haven't told be much about yourself.''

,,No,'' says Guile with a mono-tone. Guile's mind arranges Shakes words into phenomes and sentences, pauses and breathes. trying to understand what Shake says.

,,No,'' says Shake tying off the end of the belt. ''No. We should probably keep quiet until morning. Might be goblins around.''

And around the walk through the trees and over the snows

Shake drinks water, walks, scoops snow and stuffs it in the bottle.

The bottle sways and hits Shake's hip as they walk and walk and walk.

They rub hands, blow on hands.

Shake breaks the stitch of the sleves on his leather shirt then wraps on of the sleeves around his head over the tips of his ears leaving the holes open to heer.

,,Sleeve,'' says Shake.

Guile nods and takes the sleeve and ties it over ears and walks looking at the trees and snow and the pine.

The smell of pine, the touch of now, the taste of plint, the touch of the cold breeze and the sound pine needles crunching under foot invade Guiles mental mazes and words puzzles and phenoms flow and then it consumes mind, the body until Guile realizes he is walking away from the mountain.

Guile looks back though the trees as sees the mountain loom behind.

Before looms the forest, the trees and the snow as they walk and walk and walk hearing not birds, rodents or creatures crawling through the early morning light.

The light brighten hiding the stars and conceling the moon.

They walk and walk

,,Do you lie?'' says Guile.

Shake says, ,,I steal, and that is a lie because I lie to myself everytime I do it,'' says Shake.

They walk crunching snow, pine needles and ice.

Shake looks at Guile. He sees Guile's budgy checks and small double chin contrast against deep dark blue. He sees Guile's eyelids blink. Shake says, ,,Do you lie?''

,,Yes,'' says Guile. 

,,Why,'' says Shake.

Guile looks at Shake.

They stare.

Guile says, ,,Thought don't want to be know.''

Shake hears Guile says, ,,Thought don't want to be know,'' from Guile  but also hears a snore. He stops and puts hands over mouth and points to ear.

Guiles steps a bit stops his heavy step then hears the snore.

The snore is deep and loud then there is a snort and the snore stops.

Shake still hears the weeze. He points to Guile's head then points to his head. Then he points to Guile's body and to the ground then to his body and toward the source of weeze.

Guile thinks of Shake's voice, words then sees Shake's thoughts in the forms the surface talk words, >Where?<

Shake sees the words and mind and hears them without sound then thinks as he steps silent. <I will sneak, find snore, there's, over here, may be others. Move silent. I think actors. Actors sleeping. Watch. Maybe trap, could be trap. Can you see minds? Wait.  Follow. Use mind...There's, there's...One...No more...No...No snores. No...Behind...No...There...> spans the thoughts to action s Shake steps and focuse away thought to the sound of the wheeze and the sihlouettes of trees and of begin sitting against one

The being's body is exposed to the brightining ground out of the black shodows of the forest during a the deep dark blue morning. It's arms are crossed over chest and knees are pushed under chin as face nestles between the thighs. 

Shake steps near silent with a few steps crunching snow as soft as a wheeze. 

The body doesn't move.

Shake thinks a thought from the mindless motion of reacting and acting through the world and not only the forest. He thinks,
<Trap.>

Guile feels the thought sharp like a razor ticking skin. Guile jerks and follows the awareness to feel beyond the thoughts of internal talk and to the emotions of Shake.

<|Trap, trap, trap, trap...> things Shake to mindless movement feeling the air, hearing the breeze blow snd settle. Shake feels cold, pine, rot, crunch of snow, poke of pine, prick of brush and site of being wheezing sleeping before him. 

Guile feels the edge of emotion of suspision, doubt and question from Shake to his being. He feels not the cold through his body or feel the wool sheet fall to the ground at his feet.

Shake thinks, <|Do you want food, water, traveling money?> He stand by the sleeping wheezing actor slowly kneeling to grab the sword and shield then
kneeling beside the sleeping being.

The smell of sweat and piss fume.

The body of being shivers and shakes. The body is clothed in tight dark cloths with a coif over head.

>Meat,< sees Guile to Shake. >|Shoes. Hide cloths.<

<Actors,> says Shake. He lowers and loses thought only to have the thought begin again with, >Acting trap. Acting asleep. Did they hear us and begin
to act like this. If they act like this then maybe they know and are awaiting to see what I am going to do right now. How many are watching? What path?
Don't matter. I'll escape. I can fast run.> Shake smiles and reachs and grabs the swords and swats the braod side of the sword against the neck of the sleeping actor with now thought then a pin pick of fear that pokes guile and the feeling of worries he hit too hard hearing the thunk.

The broadside of sword thumps side of the neck once then twice.

The body falls to ground in fetal positions.

Shake drops sword soft and pulls the sleeve from around head. He pulls off the beigns coif. He put hand under flat nose.

A slow warm breath exhales.

The head rests on ground as Shake ties the sleeve around the head arond mouth. Short hair gets caught in knot. Round cheeks puff around taut sleeve. The ears are round tipped and beard stubble rough.

Shake rubs hands over chest of the human male, finds buttons, unfassen buttons from neck to foot.

The smell of sweat and urine sink Shake's stomach and causes an echo of nothing through Guile.

Guile stands. His shoulders slump and head falls with bent neck. His eyelids close bringing no darkness already seeing from another's mind. His hands and arms quiver and twitch as Shake pulls the body suit from the subdued human male.

The suite reveals a body covered in thin cotton shirt and cotton pants.

Shake pulls tugs body suite then pulls body suit from the boy of the man.

His body lays still on the cold spread on back. 

Shake pulls Guile's belt from waist and wraps it around the man needing to pull on the belt and push on the body to loop and latch the belt around arms stomach. 

The body remains still. 

Shake ties the legs while thinking, <Can you stand here and watch?>

The knot is pulled.

>Lose thoughts.<

Shake shake pulle the leg of the body suit over his leg feeling the fabric expand then contract tigh around pants and tunic exposing ankle.

<Bad. But don't need.>

The body suit pulls tight around Shakes body and the tunic.

Every other button is fastens as Shake thinks and Guile sees.

<Going to camp.>

>If disconnect.<

<Meet by invisible staircase.> 

>If caught.<

<Run.> Shake looks around holding breath, hearing nothing, then sprinting silent into the trees away from the mountain and the thought from Guile lost in Shake's rush of fear, excitement, unknowin, wonder, joy and hope lead eyes, nose and hears to guide step.

A cough is heard, then smoke is smelled then eyes sees two people standing and whispering against a tree.

The two stand and step in place shoulder to shoudler. One coughs and the other raise sword using end to point into the forest.

Shake finds defining shadows from the deep dark blue sky light around horizon. His foot breaks a twig.

The two standing within a leap don't hear the twig snap, but whisper and gestulcate. One coughs.

Guile sees through Shake's vision the silhouettes whisper and move. Guile follows the whispers, He feels the tight body suit pull. He thinks a shout from Shake's mind as his body slumps and falls to the ground with mouth open and eyes closed feeling Shake and waiting for the echo of the shout.

Shake feels the rush of sneaking past the two actors. He smiles and smells the path through the trees and brush and a dim light flashing spot of light.

The flash of line begins to outline two caravans, lean-tos and a pile of snow stacked.

A clearing of trees opens from the silhouettes of beigns.

Shaks slow fast walk to s step as he hears a bluster from a horse. A snort and the clomp of hoove breaks Shake's smile.

White puffs blow from four horse standing near two trees and stone throw through the trees. 

Shake stops steps and feezes motion like ice. He looks around.

The horse settle step and lower heads then press together again. The whispering sounds. The small light shines from a hole in a carvan's window shade. Two and three people lay under leantos and snore, wheeze and lay still bundles in blankes and cloths.
 
Shake steps and walk keeping step quiet but path striaght true in the shadows and the darkness of the near night. He lets back striaighten, so it is upright. He relaxed enough to  think. <Be back soon.> He smiles to self and thinks of Guile.

Guile sees not the thought and feels not the freeze prickling pain into ears and fingers. The side of cheek presses into snow.

But the mind doesn't know.

The mind hears the shout echo screams, whistle, humms of ethereal voices lost through the night with sharp chatter of <We'll go,> <Go,> <Make money. The two voices loud from a distant, but a faint whisper to Guile's voice. 

The two voices talk mumbles with laughs and pulls Guile's mind into a tunnel of dakenss with a point s light near the end.

Guile wants to see, so he floats and guides mind through Shake and into the point of light radiating.

Shake doesn't feel Guile echo from his mind. He feels the excitement and joy and fright.

He steps to a leanto and kneels.

A person sleeps under blankets next to another person both cuddle. 

Shake ducks and steps into the leanto and looks with hand into pots.

Grain, bean and fine power fill the pots. 

He grab a pack half full and lifts the pack leaning on the base of the leanto. He steps.

A person snort and moves the pile of sheets near foot. 

Three head tops poke from blankets. 

One head coughs. 

Shake holds then lets hands fell under pots.

Underpot are dirt and a hole. The hole holds loose coins and a rock and a vial.

Shake's fingers grab and rolls coins, rock and vial into fist then lowers pot and crouch and steps by head to another leanto.

A head leans on a pack, and a body is wrapped from neck to foot like a mummy in a blanket. Points of knifes lift and trace from the bodies form.

Shake walks the leanto feeling the darkness between ground and thick leather sheet feeling only dirt and mud the a pair of boots. Shake dumps the coins, rock and vial in boots.

Campire and sweat alcohol fume through breeze.  

The head lays still covered with cap on satchel pack. 

Shake takes the cap and waits to slap the neck until the head rools to the side. With boots and hat in hands he shifts and slides to another leanto empty of people, but full of blankets and lined by base with pots and pack. 

A cough is heard. Then talk near the tone of quiet chatters with soft laughter and a snort.

Shake slipe hands into pots filling for beans, rice, berries frozen cold. 

He pours the beans and rice in boots then takes a pack leaning against the pots and stops for an instant of thought to think for Guile. <Where you?> and deosn't wait a reply walking from a crouch to a stand to stride near silent from the camp into the woods hiding in deeps shades of dark caste by dim morning light. <|Guile?> Shake thinks again.

But Guile's thoughts are being pulled through Shakes mind into the dot of light that grows to beam.

A beam that shines upon thoughts in words of surface talk.

<Got to go. Need more. Not going to last we need out,> thinks one thought while the other things. <Never going. Got to stay and wait. Who can we trust. No more. Need more. Need more then...> before Guile can focus and fork the mind for each thought the beam blinds and the thoughts become a mix of, <|After, not, here, going, through, get. to, have, leave, speed, camp, more, and, right, good, Lyno...> then silence and darkness.

<Gulie,> thinks Shake again as he walks from the leantos and through the dim morning by the horses.

A horse blusters and snorts, clomps hooves. 

The talking of distant couple stops. Then murmurs and low talking are. 

Shake stops and steps slow to a tree near the horses.

The horse settles and two more clomp to silence and stand blowing white heat puffs into the night. 

Foots steps crush snow and pine cones. A loud, ,,BOO,'' is heard then laugher and a shout of, ,,STOP!''

The laughter continues to a cough. 

Shake tries to peer into the darkness, but only sees...darkness.

The horse next blusters and snorts. 

Shake steps from tree trunk and behind the horse. 

A horse steps back and pumps Shake with rump.

Shake smiles and unties the horses harness thinking, <|Guile, I have a ride. Meet me at camp. Or near the lookout or...Guile.>

Guile exists in a senseless dark of cold and pain.

>I see you,< sees a thought to Guile's mind.





