A wave of water topping the trees. The wave peaks past the tree line and breaks.

Water crashes and flows from the bank over the rocks and through the tents.

Walls of log and stone are knockes aside like piles of pebbles and sticks.

Soldiers duck, run and stand from the water only to be knocked down and covered with water.

tents are pushed down as the water span spreads and slows and lowers until the water seeps and spreads through rocks and between tents.

Water pushes Dante, Grete, Myst, Minst from a stand to a stumble. A solder flows with water and hits Minst. Minst falls and is pushed away.

Water pushes against William and Spear as they run toward Jan lost under the flow of water.

The water ebbs.

Black shapes descend upon the archers and screams break from forest.

Kirra stabs the neck and slits the throat or archer then leaps from limb as the body falls to ground. She lands soft and brush and water and run toward Jan.

Spear and William stand against the waves and splash thorugh the water toward Jan. ,,JAN,'' hollers William running with sword and hammer.

Two soldiers run toward Kirra.

Kirra runs from trees with bow fireing arrow hitting a solder on the soldier. 

Dante begins to holler like a song. ,,HOLD PARAMETER! STAND NOW OR WE WILL FALL.''

Crete runs from Dante toward the woods.

"STAND NOW OR WE WILL FALL!" 

Soldiers stand, pick up sword and shield and follow Crete and run from tents.

A few archers run from woods. One shouts through blood covered face. ,,THEY'RE EVERY WHERE!"

Then silence settles as the water receeds. Then silence breaks with a shouts, whistles

The water receeds and reveals tips of round rock. The water receeds falling from soldiers. The water receeds and shows only space where Jan once lay. The water receeds then silence settles as the water receeds. Then silence breaks with a shouts, whistles and roars runing from the river bed.

The bright white light illumination everything and beyond shines to sights

Herds of centaurs and horses run with packs of wolves and dogs. Groups of dwarves run in dark robes, pants, shirt, wraps and hides stride over the rock with satyrs holding club in on hand and a flute in the other blowning deep quick pace of war song.  Elves, humans, dwarves and orcs runs with bears, badgers and beavers. Large rats rush toward the tents and small minks slither along the rocks to the tents and at the toes of soldiers. Mountain lions roar with the sharp bark of coyote. Sprits, eagles, flocks of hawks fly through the trees scraping and clawing before flying free and around arrow fire. 

All follow Blue then split toward both camps. 

Blue, with hair throwing rocks and full stride pounding rock toward Dante.

,,Go to the tents!'' points Dante staring at Myst. ''Please help with the wounded.'' He glances at Minst. ''Don is near the large pavillion. GO NOW.'' He says then stands and raises his sword shouting. ,,WE MUST STAND OR OUR LOVE WILL DIE!''

Warriors raise swords and roar as they walk to a run.

Cavaliers whip harnesses and horses gallop toward the rushing horde of wild things.

William sees Minst run sloshing through water with Minst. ,,MINST!'' He hollers.

Minst hears the William and stops stride and slows.

William looks at the water and begins wade feet. ''TENTS ARE FOR DEFENSE!''

,,STAND AND FIGHT!'' roars Spear as he looks from Blue then Dante.

,,WHERE'S JAN!'' hollers William. "JAN!"

He raises the hammer and the axe. His body feels one behind.

A horse gallops full speed from behind to Kirra. Before the house's rump gallops from Spear, Spear leaps back pushing the rump of the horse.

The horse skips, trips and falls. The rider flies, hits rolls in a clash of Armor.

Minst stops and pops components from belt, smashes on hands. In a falsh a relief of a shield extends from the trees and rocks then blinks.

Arrows flying at Kirra's back hit an invisible wall.

Dante shouts, points at the rushing horde of creatured while grabbing his horn and blowing.

The sound surrounds and silences the roar and cries and growls and barks of the rushing mass. The sound seeps into the thought giving Spear, William, Myst and Minst a harmony to follow through the chaos.

Soldiers rush with eyes staring down the horde.

Kirra run where Jan falls. She scans the receding water then watches warriors past.

The horde of creatures spread across the bank of the river and clash one by one and two by three the diamond warriors.

Blue runs on ducking and stepping and leaving over fallen walls and swinging swords.

Minst pops three component packets from belt, waves hands and chants sounds short and lower. Images of a dwarf blowing on a forge like one seen along the walls of the dwarven cavern.

A fireball manifests from a spark to a ball the size of Minst as it hurls toward Blue.

Myst raises a fisted hand point ring at Blue and begins to speak the word shutting out a song began but the trumpet.

Water shoots from the ground. It flowsup like a raging river creating a wall of water along the edge of the tents and shakes, the forest edge and around the rock and silt banks surrounding Blue, a few humans, two centuars, the deer and a bear, the a group of running soldiers, Dante, Minst, Myst, Kirra, Spear and William. It rises between Blue and Dante.

The fireball puffs to smoke.

Time feels to stop. Time feels to slow. Then like a wound clicktime spins.

Water rises above the trees and holds. Kirra, Spear and William hold weapons and press backs against each other. MInst watch the steam of the fireball. Myst watches the water and hears the trumpet of Dante. Dante lowers trumpet and steps to run toward Blue. Blue burst through the water weilding a swords of water. Soldiers hear the sound of the trumpet in mind and leap into the water striing. Creatures follow Blue. Birds and faries fly and dive with claws scratching.

Birds, rats, bears, deers, a centures, humans and orces with elves and dwarves wearing dark forest cloths, soldiers and archvers are pushing from the wall of water.

Blue and Dante clash.

The wall of water spreads to ice from ground to top floating above the trees. The ice spreads fulls circle around the wall freezing.

Jan steps from the wall. Her body water. Her algea cloak lay on body. She falls to ground and splashes.

Kirra and Spear and William watch soldiers run past and toward the river and the mass of creatures. They see Jan and see Jan fall. Kirra runs with Spear and William flanking her as Dante and Blue collide.

Dante sword is caught in Blue's hair with Dante's sword hand. Dante punches Blue then grabs Blues hand wielding the water sword. Hair and limbs twist and tangle, pull and push as both stand and balance the other's force.

Soldiers and creatures run past and clash...

Minst snaps finger and steps into a dark circle and from a dark circle near KIrra.

,,Where do you stand,'' says Kirra before Minst sets second foot from circle. The point of her sword marks Minst's throat. ,,HERE. YOU,'' says Minst as fast finger snap.

Myst runs toward Jan.

,,HARD AS A DIAMOND,'' hollers Dante.

,,STAAAAAAAAAAND!" hollers the soldiers spread over the gravel.

Birds swope and scratch foreheads and face, hand and arms. Swords and arrows pierces wings and necks.

Claws strike armor. Hooves shatter shields. Paws pound bodies.

Swords slice and stab hides. Gauntlets punch snouts. Shields slam peaks.

Arms break. Beaks shatter. Armor bends. Shields crack. Flesh cuts. Blood falls.

Blood spread over slivers of ice.

Groups and pairs of fighting slash claws and swords.

,,Jan,'' says Kirra. She pulls Jan's shoulder to roll Jan on back. Her hand flows through Jan's skin like water and pulls on her cloak.

The cload turns oover and pulls Jan's body.

Her body ripples.

As Myst runs across the open field and nears Jan and Kirra, Spear, William Minst; arrows hit the rocks and one knocks from William's armor as William leaps at two soldiers rushing behind kirra with arm cocking to swing swords; Minst steps and slams hands together; Spear feels muscles tenses, turns and leaps at an orc running at his back, and grapples orc to ground; as 

Roars and cries and shouts for, ,,STAND!''

Myst steps to Jan and sees group dark cothed beings beat a lone solder, lifts her hand in fist and says fast, ,,GRAZT\! GRAZT\! GRAZT\!'' and three lighting bolts shoot from her ring to the group of dark clothed beings. William slips on ice, trips on rocks and falls into the two warriors and below the swing of their swords. Spear pulls back arms and neck of orc and squeezes as the orc roars.

The roar lost in the screams, cries and banging of battle.

Minst see reliefs of caves and domes and the archs of sword swings and flights of eagles outline the night and span to around.

Kirra pulls hands from Jan's liguid body leaving ripples spread over her flesh, stands, leaps and runs at Dante and Blue.

Dante and Blue fight. Blue's water swords cuts Dante's armor. Dante's sword cuts looks of hair from Blue. Dante punches blues face. Blue bites Dantes and hand and cuts Dante's forearm with fingernails.

Dante sees blood seep from armor cut feeling no pain of cut.

They swing, kick, spin and dance in the center of the ice ring wall and the soldiers, animals, druids, hermits, centaurs, satyrs, bears, boars and wolfs.

Biting, kick, tearing, stabing, slicing spills blood and lifeless bodies to the rocks.

The ice ring wall turns to water and floods, waves splashes and washes over the rock spreads cold and chills through bodys. The water washes past Jan makiing her water like body become whole. The water spread aroun Minst feet as he stands with hand pressed out like he is holding up a wall. The water flows around Myst's knees as she kneels by Jan pressing on Jan's flesh. The water covers William as he grabs and crawls and punch in the mess of armor and swords and clammor and splashes. The water covers the orcs face as Spear pushes orc's face under water. The water follows Kirra as she runs by swinging swords, stabbing arrows, a wolfleaping at an arm, a centuar's rump galloping toward Crete, Blue and Kirra.

The fallen ice wall reveals tents on fire. Groups of women and kids running from the maze of tents. Soldiers fight against the hordes along the trees and in the trees. Arrows fly over the heads. Flashes and glimmer flicker and fade here and there. Balls of fire the size of boulders blast 

Kirra pulls dagger from sheath and runs.

,,WE NEED TO STOP THIS!'' hollers Myst and she spread Jan's robe revealing her naked body.

Minst spreads flat plams until arms hang horizotal with shoulders. He stares forward. His mind etches lines and shapes from the reliefs of domes adn shields. 

''MINST!''

Minst doesn't hear as he pulls the shape to and palms together, and hail falls from the sky.

Jan's heart is still.

Myst presses hands to Jan's breast feeling for a heart beak only feeling  cold skin.

,,MINST!'' hollers Myst.

William hears only the cry of battle, scrape of metal and the grunts and deep breath as he punches one soldier in the face and pushes back another. William does hear Myst shout, ''WE NEED TO STOP THE KILLING!''

,,HOW?'' hollers Minst.

Spear hears Myst and he squeeze and chokes and snaps the neck of the orc then lets out a roar.

Hail hits and stings and blinds. Birds land. Dogs run for the words. Soldiers swing at shapes made of hail. Hail hits Kirra's face blurring the world, but not her focus. She runs and dives for Dante's knees.

Dante side steps right from Kirra's kick at his left knee while swiping and cutting a lock of Blue's hair swinging a rock and punches Blue in the face.

Blue's hair grabs and tangle's Dante's hand.

Kirra hits the ground and rolls and punches Dante's knee then rolls to a stand slashing purple slash and grabbing the Dante's Horne.

And sees Hans run toward here with steel shield and shining swords as hail hits and pounds as water sloshes around as animals naked and animals covered with armor wipe, punch, grab, kill as dead young bears, humans, dwarves, deer, moose, rams and orces fall dead.

War cries, baby cries, parent screams seeps and shout through the hail thump on ground.

The orc being choked by Spear closes eyes and goes limp. Its tongue lay limb on open lips.

Spear tumbles and stands and graps his hammar and sword and runs through stinging hail, slamming shoulder into shoulder killing  a young dog, running, pumping striding toward Blue and Dante.

Minst sees the Orcs body go limb. He watches solders rush from the forest to the fallen Caviler. An egale dive toward the group. Minst grabs slings, loads sling and slings stone at the bird. 

The stone flyes wides clipping the feather tip of wing. He pulls out knife and shields forearm over brow and peers through the sleet.

As Myst presses hand on the chest of Jan feeling a shallow soft beat she hears the hail beat her drum and beat beats with her heart beat. ,,Help her beat.'' Myst says. '' She feels a song play through her veins with her heart, the hail on her drum and the faint slow beat of Jan's heart.

A bird swops past Minst and lands  and Jan's feet, purches, and peers over the battle field.

A snow lynx runs between the legs of running soldiers and stands by Jan's feet.

Minst raise knife then lowers looking at William. 

As Myst's song beings to play and before Minst sees, William punches face of one soldiers and elbows throat of another. 

Soldier with eblow in throat stabs and stabs and stabs at William finding slit and stabs William.

William clenches guantlet covered fist and backfists the stabbing soldier breaking his jaw and punches another on the nose. 

The soldier's head falls to ground. 

Willaim pulls dagger from side glenching teeth and sees Spear through hail run through the battle toward blue and Dante.

Myst feels William's blood drip and follows the song to lay hand under flap of armor and sing away his pain to her and from her and heal the wound William.

William's hand grabs Myst. They stare.

Then Reighns sings from the mind Mysts mind pushing force from her body to Jan's. 

Jan's body lays still. Her eyes remain shut and face is relaxed. Her soft heat beat beats with the thump of Myst's hand against her drum as she hums and sings.

Kirra sees a fallen Jan.

Kirra sees Hans running at her. She raises horn to mouth and blows a flat
long blast of airs.

Reign's song stops as...

Bane dissonance bast from horn piercing through the hail, clinks, clacks, cracks, screams, shouts, cries, whispers into ears.
 
Pain spreads from heads and through bodies. Eyes close, squint and press trying to squeeze the sound out. Hands and paws try to shut the sound out or wipe it away.

Minst pust hands over hears and watches fawns, cubs, pups, ponies. Young centars and geldings dark through the swords and stumbling warriords. The run through the pain feeling a pulse from Jan as she lay still. 

Minst watches with hands over ears trying to think way the sounds. He kneels and watches young animals gather.

William rolls and stands as the sound of the horn begins as the flocks  of young animals run against the pain around Jan. He grabs swords and stumbles
and winces and grabs hammer and start to jog toward Spear. 

Spear feels the pin pricks of hail, the piercing of Kirra's musical pain, the heart beat fast and muscles shift and shape bending and pushing body into a were as he leaps at both Blue and Dante.

Blue and Dante push, pull and shakes both pushing toward Kirra.

Dogs howel and yelp and run into the forest. Birds fly away or land. Wolves, coyoties, bears, badgers stop biting, clawing and fighting and run from Kirra.

Kirra blows against the pain. 

Han slows the run to jog. His eyes close and press, but he runs on.

Spear lands near as Dante pull hand from blues hair and Blue bits through Dante's chain gloved hand.

Hail stops. Small bits fall here and there until the wind blowing and gust replace sound and touch.

Blue kicks hits and punches Dante. He cringes and snarles and bits harder as the horn sounds pierces his mind with a sharp whistle. Blue grabs and holds Dante's hand as Dante tries to swing with swords.

Dante shakes and pulls and punchs had free from Blues hair and steps a Kirra and swing sword at her neck as Han leaps at Kirra.

Spear slams body against both Blue and William knocking them donw.

Kirra blows the Dante's Horn until a sword swing from Han's sword causes her duck.

The horn falls silent.  

Animals naked or clothed running or writhing slow to a stand.

Birds land around Jan. Jan breaths and feels the energy pushed from Myst.

The song of Reighn sings loud and deep in Myst's body. Sounds of birds and cat purrs sing along as they land.

A chorus of chirps, purrs, growls, sqwauks, hisses follow the lead of Minst's pound on drump.

Fawns, cubs, kittens, geldlings, runs and sprint from sword and fist to gather around Minst, Jan and Myst.

Myst with hand on Jan hits dump with beat of Jan's soft beat while Minst stands and watches.

,,What?'' says Minst to self as he looks and crouches in the crowd of creatures coming to the drum call.

The drums and chorus lead sound of all that surround as animals retreat to trees and tents. The fur and naked animals lead the rush to regroup under the cover of trees. The soldiers hear the screams and shouts and spreading fires through the tents and retreat to the tents.

William runs past soldiers running, shouting, bleeding, coughing and falling. He slows run, bends down and grabs a falled soldier.

Blood covers soldier's face and arms. Bite marks cover face.

William grabs the soldier and lifts the soldier to feet. ,,CAN YOU RUN!'' hollers William as he looks at Spear and Kirra.

Spear's body pushes and extends, hair grows. His jaw disjoin and stretches. He arms shift as muscle and bones set. His heart pounds as he leaps at Blue.

Kirra sees Spear hit Blue and Dante. She sees Hans swing long sword and leaps back.

The tip of the long sword cuts through leather, between studs in into her bicep.

As she leaps from swords path, Kirra raises sword to protect a back swing of Han's long sword while lifing the horn and blowing one long stream of air.

Pain pierces heads and bodies of beings near as Spear swipes and Blue and William grabs blue's throat with hand stuck in hair.

Blue's body becomes a statue of dirt the crumbs beneath spear and around Dante's hand.

..As Han swings sword and bashes shield against Kirra should and face.

The horn falls and clammers over the ground.

The piercing sonus pain stops leaving screams and shouts from both clusters of tents to be heard.

Fires brighten the night. Smoke flows over the banks and the rivers.

Soldiers with buckets rush from the tent. Soldiers carrying children, women and soldiers rush from the field.

,,WHAT NOW?'' screams Minst toward Myst and Jan.

Myst kneels and begins to hit drum beat deep and fast. Sweat beads drip from chin. Her eyelids pressed tight. Body sways as she sings tones with the birds and purrs.

Jan's heat beats hard and true. Her weezes of breathe become steady and with the rhythm of the drum pounds, purrs, crowls and howls from the drums, kittens and puppies standing at point around Jan, Myst and Kirra.

Dark dressed humans and orcs gather near the river's edge fighting back the few remaining soldiers left in battle.  Three soldiers are mauled and stabbed then tossed into the river near bodies of horses, wolves soldiers,  druids, rangers, birds, humans, orcs, elves and dwarves.

The dwarves, elves, humans and orcs dressed in dark robs disappear into the river and the woods followed by the gallop and run of centuars, sytrs, wolves, coyotes and bobcats.

Soldiers in the woods scream and shout with barks and growls and high pitch screams of wild cats.

William runs and hollers. ,,THE TENTS!''

,,HOLD A PARAMETER AROUND THE TENTS!'' commands Dante pulling had from the crumbling dirt statue of Blue. He commands as he punches aside Spear's wererat claws.

Spear falls back.

William rush past Dante and step before Spear and Dante's sword parrying Dante's word strike at Spear. William hollers, ,,SPEAR!''

Spear rises to stike at William. The rush of blood and rage calm then flar seeing Hans hit Kirra with
his shield.

Kirra stumbles back feeling a dull throb spread from shoulder to body.

Dante's Horn falls to ground.

Kirra spins on the stumble and swings sword at Han's legs then follows the swing with a stab.

Han blocks the sword swing, steps back to avoid the point of the dagger.

The dagger's tip sinks into Han's hips and is lift handing between the split between hip and leg plate and between the chain mail links.

Dante raises swords to strike Kirra. Spear and Willlaim leap, tackle Dante.

Spear runs and leaps at Han. William looks Dante in the eyes. ,,THE TENTS. YOU HORN. ANIMALS HATE IT!'' Spit flies from his mouth to Dante's face before Dante slams gauntlet into William's face.

Dante tosses William aside, rolls, grabs, the horn and stands.

The horn blows with soft pulses near the tempo of Mysts drum beats.

Myst's drum beats rap and pound as Jan opens her eyes.

Myst feels Jan wake.

They stare.

Arrows fly from the forest.

,,ARROWS,'' says Minst. He pops two components from belt, the contures of the animals surrounding create a relieve of sheild between Minst, Jan and Myst.

Arrows hit shield and animals flying and standing around.

As the arrows fly, soldiers begin to retreat to the tents. They step backward swinging sword and moving shield to block claw and beak. They form tight groups like a loose phlanx protecting the other's back and sides from the attacks of birds diving, cats leaping, dogs biting.

Animals, rangers and druids around the river retreat to the forest line. Animals around the tents behind.

The bright light illuminating the tents, river banks and trees begins to dim.

The trumpet horn whails and swoons and blows soft sonus. The sounds spreads shivers and chills through the body that warm and rise to the minds as the virbrations from head and body collide.

A feeling of calm and focus fills Willaim's mind as he rises and stands from the ground.

A feeling of fear and pain fill Spear's body, stress his muscles,pushes feet foward as he runs over rock and silt and into the forest.

Grete and Han runs past Kirra as Kirra stands from the ground. Grete and Han raise hands and create symbols and shapes pointing at groups of soldiers standing and watching the retreat of the creatures.

Soldiers stand then turn as the horn plays. They see the symbols and signals and run with Grete and Han across the river. 

Fires burn tents and trees. Bobcats, deer, bears, badgers and Centuars wander from the maze of tent paths into the trees passing archivers rushing from the forest to the opening and the banks.

Men, women and children run from the tent carrying wooden boxes and bags. Men and women run with buckets and begin to  form a line from the river to the tenst. 

Archivers carry dead and limbing archers over shoulders the bank near the river. Then they pull bows from back and notch arrows aming tips at the water and the night.

Groups of people wearing robes adorned with shining diamond shapes rush to the soldiers and people near the banks river banks. 

The horn harmonics fade leaving a brief moment of harmony before a babies cry shatters serenity.

Dante rises sword and hand, makes a fist and points to Jan, Myst and Kirra. Then steps before William and says, ,,With whom do you stand?"

As soldiers and archers run from woods and from the crowds to surround Jan, Minst and Myst and the birds, racons, cubs, kittens, geldings, fawns. Cats hiss; birds dive; badgers show their fangs while cubs yawn.

As a few bears and badgers walk along the tree line looking at the group of young animals. One bear lets out a long moan as a cub standing near Minst returns with a long and hight pitched moan. 
        
A wolf runs from from the trees.

Arrows fly, and the wolf falls with five arrows sticking from body.
        
Jan stands from the ground.

William hear's Dante's question, but looks at Minst, Myst and Jan as Jan sinks into the ground leaving behind her rob, staff and pack.





