Jan is a wall of ice surrounding a rock plataeu in a snow covered forest infested with goblinkin.

The goblinkin claw, wack, slice bound against Jan. They sit, stand, run, walk, fight and horde around the rock plataeu. A few throw stow and have a snow ball fight. 

Snow falls from trees shaken by climbing goblins. The wind blowing over rock hill top and trees blows the snow upon the pack and William's face.

William clenches the vial of Speed with his guantlet hand looks at the goblins climbing trees and says, ,,We need to eat, shit and sleep then focus our strength to leave now.'' His face focuses on each of the pack as his back rights to a postured stand and stare hones to a focus that feels to be everywhere.

,,How are we going to get out of here?'' says Minst with shiver stutter and shock shake.

William steps between the bodies of bleeding and moaning goblins and hobgoblins over the rock surface. ,,With the disk.''

Myst looks at Minst leg and the bolt. She begins to talk and a quiet voice as her fingers press and push around the edge of the bolt in Minst's leg.

Minst cleches chattering teeth. ,,What about Jan?''

Jan hears the pack speak through the vibrations through the ice. She feels herself freeze and melt. She melt in the center of the ice wall filling the space between the walls of the landside. She melts around the dust of her and Jan's Robe.

Jan's Robe and her dust form a ball then ice around freezes. 

Minst sees the ice move has he tries to think and stare away the pain of the burn spread through leg. 

,,Where's Jan's pack?'' says Myst.

Kirra walks from walking around the ledge with William, Spear and Guide to walk walk by the dead goblinkin, Minst and Myst, Shake and Guile near Kicker onad on to the ice to pick up Jan's pack and staff. Kirra tosses Jan's pack to Myst.

Guide and Shake step from Jan's pack's path.

Shake shakes leg and stares through time as the goblins climb the tees. Shake picks at sleeve where vial of Speed was. He feels the buzz and legs the buzz warm the sweat. Shake nearly wets himself then remember to open Branching Armor and pull pants and garments down. He swats and poops before Jan's pack lands by Myst.

Before Jan's pack hits, Guile sneers at Shake and looks away.

Myst opens the pack and smells Jan's leaf and cloth wrapped bundles and packets. She smells mustard mint and opens the bundle while humming her movements to Reighn. She pulls the packet from pack the stuffs the pack and closes its top. She pulls a small talesman from her pack and wraps the necklace of the tailsman around the leg then pulls the bolt from Minst's leg.

Minst screams, hollers, shakes, cries, shivers. 

Shake rips sleeve from hobgoblin and wipes butt. before Minst screams. After Minst screams, Shake says, ,,Why does every cleric know how to heal or destroy with their deity?'' 

Guile says, ,,Because the deities are having us fight their wars'' He steps to ledge near ice and trees a stones throw near.

The goblins shout, click loud and bang clubs upon the trees.

Snow falls from the trees to the goblinkin.

The Goblinkin pound the ice wall, the trees, the ground. Clubs and swords are raise. Darts, spears and bolts are fired and shot into the grass walls. The goblinkin begin to seperate into goblins, hobgoblins and a near human looking goblin that are as big as Spear with light green skin.

A goblin cries below. The cries is louder than the mumble and clack of the chorus of the horde gathering through the trees and around the stone hill.

A hobgbolin is beat to a pulp near the side of the mountain. 

Guile hears the screams as he stares. 

The hobgoblin he controlled is beat to a pulp. 

Guile watch.

The fists, claws and feet pound and crack the body.  

Guile stares.

The goblins begin to bite and eat the flesh and the meat of the hobgoblin he controlled. 

Guile sees clarity in reason for the need to eat the flesh of the dead goblinkin. Guile sees why killing was equal punishment for its betrayal in the eyes of the goblinkin. Guile sees the rush rage spread. 

The black blood spread around the grouging goblins and covers the wall of Jan black.

Guile feels the rush of eating a fresh kill. Guile smiles. Guile focus the chaos then begins to press the thought from the slaughter with a focus that not even William's louds words.

Jan feels the loss of balance near the goblinkin orgy of blood. She feels the chipping of the ice. She feels her body dust and rope spread.

Minst clasps legs and shivers. The shivers shake the pain. ,,Where's Jan?'' says Minst

,,The ice,'' says Kirra. Kirra bites and chews then unties leather armor pants and pulls down pants and white undergarmet. She squats and pees.

The pee runs the path to the edge of cliff as Kirra kneels at hills edge. 

Myst looks at Kirra peeing then to the mustard mint smelling paste. She hums then sings a low tone. Her hands warm and mind become notes of colors bursting and waving and shifting. Her hands press mustard mint cream into Minst's wound then press her hand to Minst.

Minst shivers and quivers. His teeth clench and grind as hands clasp around bolt stab. His muscles tense as Myst hot vibrating hands hold over the hole.

Blood flows from Minst's thight and between Myst's hands. Then the bloods stops pouring between fingers.

Myst presses eyes closed. Her voice strains to sing through pressed lips.

William glances at Myst and Minst. He holds the sack with the silver plate found in the gobling tower in Westmore Canyon. He peers set along the tree line.

The trees rise and falls over rolling land of hills. Whit tips of flat rock radiate in the falling sun.  SetWane the sight sees smoke and a tall tower too distant to define than a tall tower. 

William grabs the map from pack and unrolls the map to the lowering sun.

Spear, Kirra, Guide walk to William and look at the map.

Shake shivers, stares at Kicker. He walks to Kicker, wipes sweat from forehead. His heart thumps and thuds against chest.

Kicker feels Shake's heart thump from the Speed, but remans still near center. His lips and teeth gather an pull yellow grass from between rock cracks. His head hangs and lips push pull yellow wet leaves from between cracks in rock.

Slices, stabs and tiny cuts clot along Kicker's rump, legs and stomoch. His mane is matted with green blood.

Under the saddle bags and under the wool sheet, still on his back the skin is smooths and cut free.

Shake opens the saddle bags and unwarps ball of food paste. ,,Here's food,'' says Shake. He looks to Myst.

Kicker eats.

Myst presses hands on and around MInst legs. Her eyes are closed, and her lips move.

Minst' leg almost appears to glow. A blue hued sees illuminates the dimming dusk.

Minst lays on the stone. His pressed eyeslid relax. The pain through leg sooths with vibrations of lullaby.

The lullaby is Myst.

Shake watches Myst and feels his Speed buzz calm. He drops the ball of food paste on ground. ,,I'll be back, Kicker,'' says Shake as he walks to Myst and from Myst grabbing the open ball of Jan's mustard mint smelling cream then walk to Kicker. ''This will help heal the goblins cuts and scratches.''

Goblins near the Rise side of the ledge beging to create a pyramid by getting on hands and knees on ground and on backs of goblins. The goblins in the trees climb down to join their kinds on the path to create the goblin pyramid.

Hobgoblins steps away from a rush of goblins gathered through the forest.

Goblinkin covere the ground William, Kirra, Spear and Guide see.

,,Goblin ramp,'' says Kirra as she glances from the map to the ground.

,,We need to teleport,'' says William. He looks back and at Spear. ''They need to teleport. Guile, Minst, Shake, Myst. Never make it out alive.''

The look at the map as they talk.

They see though the map and see the land before with Goblins Script scrawlled nine places above the trees. The script getting smaller as the horizon spans back as seen through the map.

,,And we will live?'' says Spear.

William says, ,,You three more than myself for I am neither silent nor accustom to this terrain to hid and sneak through the goblins during dark.'' William points to a distant near dark flat hill top. ''We have Minst.'' He looks back at Minst.

Minst lays still on rock, and Myst presses her hands around Minst's legs.

William looks at the map. ''Minst or someone.''

,,No magic works for me,'' says Spear he spits saliva blood to the goblins horde below.

Kirra says, ,,Fly. Minst flies Spear. We teleport.'' Kirra nods at Minst. ''He has a scroll.''

,,I fear if our plan relies upon Minst to being then our plan will never begin. Even a fireball would be good to caste now.'' William lowers map. ''Unless Jan has ways to make us all water.''

Kirra says, ,,What are Minst scrolls?''

William looks at Kirra. ,,His to read and know.''

,,Magic that will fail,'' says Spear.

A rock then a volley of bolts fly from a few hobgbolins near the goblin near the growing goblins pyramid.

,,Restless,'' Kirra says. She step to ledge and looks down.

The goblin pyramid is beginning to rise like a ramp.

,,I ponder how long until the ramp will be leading the warriors to our last fight,'' says William.

,,Before darkness,'' says Spear. He looks behind to see the setting sun.

The night sky clear and red around Blue's Canyon and Lyno.

A stream of smoke floats through the sun rays.

,,And Jan?'' says Spear.

Kirra looks at Spear then the map. ,,She will be when we leave.''

Jan feels KIrra's emotion more than hears her words. He energy holds the freeze bond then slowly releases. Her energy masses around the dust of her flesh and muscle. Her energy freezing the mass focus to the ball of her body Dust and algea rob. Her force seeps through the ice.

The ice begins to melt. A chunk of ice falls near Guile's foot to the goblins below.

Two goblins below scream and push and scratch and run to the goblins gathering for the ramp of goblins. They shout and jump and pull against the rush of goblins to the ramp. Two goblins are pounded with fists and feet and beat to the ground.

Guile echoes the rage felt by the goblins beating and tearing the limb from the two goblins. Then six goblins begin to shout and jump, scream and scratch and run with the goblin creating the pyramid.

The goblin pyramid rises. Gobins step on backs and heads then kneel and brace.

Then gobins from Wane begin to scream and scratch. Goblins scream and shout sounds near surface talk.

Guile walks and steps along edge guided by the rage spread through the goblins. He follows his own echo of hate with a grin and twinkle from dusk glemming from his eye. The twinkle shines through the map.

Spear, Kirra, William and Guide follow Guide with eyes then look at map.

,,The marks?'' says Spear.

William sniffs, says, ,,The three of the road. The Fort. And this. Word. The one that maybe a city. The other six. I have no understanding.''

Spear huffs and says then steps from the map's view path. ,,The map.''

,,We live. We look again,'' says Kirra.

William rolls the map.

A few goblins scretch and yell below.

,,Magic that will fail,'' says Spear.

,,It will fail only if caste or touched by you, my friend, unless a powerful caster it be.'' William steps from ledge. ''We should see of Minst. Then plan with what we have and not what might be.'' 

Spear, Guide and William walk to Minst and Myst and by Shake. Each leaves with a glance at Guile as Guile stares.

Shake watches William walk to Minst and Myst as he spreads the Jan's mustard mint paste over Kicker's wounds.

Kicker feel no stink or throb from the wounds covered. Her stomach is full from Jan's Food paste. Kicker blusters and nods
as William, Guide, Spear and Kirra walk the Misnt and Myst. He shivers with a breeze.

Snow mist blows in wind over faces, hands and bodies.

Myst feels no cold. She feels only music flowing through her body. She pushes the strength of Reighn in Minst as her hands vibrate and throb with the song of Reighn.

Notes in the middle of bliss feel to kiss and fondle her mind into believing Minst's wound is healed. She sings inside and finds a state without time.

A timeless state Minst is near until the virbration and energy of Reighn pushes into thee setting him free from death.

The burn from leg cools, and body is cold. A shiver spreads through body. His jaw begins to click against his teeth. A sense of dread spreads as he ears a chorus of goblins screams and screeches. Minst feels dread after he hears from Wiliam what is said.

,,Minst, can you fly?'' says William.

William's voice strikes a cord to join the song sung in Myst's mind, but a place in the notes of healing it doesn't find.

Reighn sings clear and loud.

Myst eyes remain closed as Minst eyes press then blink.

,,What?'' says Minst as if from sleep. His head feel croggy and lost as the music of Reighn fades to the screams and shouts of the goblins.

,,Why don't you use your muscles to throw that disk and teleport to it?'' says Minst. He lifts head and looks at Myst. ''You fly.''

,,Can you fly,'' says Kirra. ''Or do you want to die?''

Minst slouches. He looks at Myst then Guile. Myst says, ,,What do I need to do?''

Guile is too distant to hear Myst.

The shouts and growls surround as they rise from below.

Below and low in the stack of the goblins pyramid shakes. Two fights become three. Three fights become four.

Guile speads smile for more. His mind become wash with rush of consuming the simple minds of the goblin flow.

Goblins fight and tears skin, muscle. Black blood splaters and spreads. The black blood drips give spread the hate echo from Guile's mind.

Guile's body begins to Shake and surge. Drool drips from his mouth. He crouches and hopes then swipes the air with his fingers like claws.

Kicker hods toward Guile and blusters.

Kicker's bluster blows Shake from a calm state of his sped mind running in the circle of not having Speed with the feeling of William's anger.

Shake looks at Guile and stares.

,,GUILE,'' says Shake. He steps and folds the mustard and mint paste and tosses the paste near the Jan's pack.

The bundle lands nearly before other's hear Shake.

William, Shake, Kirra, Guide and Minst glance, look at Guile.

,,What can you do?'' says William. ''Before the sun shines stops and we it is dark. Before the goblins climb to kill us or the wall of ice falls to give them a path.'
'
Minst looks drom Guile to the Set then at William, Kirra, Spear. ,,I don't have the strenght to fly,'' says Mint. ''The spell.'' He shakes head and looks at William. ''Not in mind.''

William looks at Myst.

Myst feels the look 

William says, ,,What can you caste?'' Then he looks at Minst.

,,Fireball. Alarm. Magic Missle. Maybe...'' A burn spread through Minst's legs. His jaw clenches then it chatters with speak. ''My mind is not right.''

,,It needs to be strong, Minst.'' William looks at Minst. The stare. William says, ''We need you to live.''

Minst looks from William to Kirra to Spear and Myst.

Myst sway and swings. Stanes of hair blow free from blood matted braids. The song in her mind begins to fade. The strings quiet. The bass that is Minst's heart beat slows then stop until all that sings in her vocal tones. Her fingers feel cold, and ear tips feel the snow pwoder stinging. She hears's Minst voice.

,,The scrolls,'' says Minst. He sit straight. ''I have scrolls. Chain lighting, teleport. Group teleport. I was...'' He pauses as he feels Myst leave his body and the shock of cold. ''I...'' His teeth chatter. ''I could. I. I could read and have the fly spell in ma. In. ...Mind.'' He shivers. I have think I have the compoents.'' He blows into hands.

,,Thank you, Minst.'' William stands and stomps feet. ''What do we have?''

,,What act is Guile performing?'' says Minst.

All looks. All see.

Guile crouches low agianst the edge of the rock near the beginning of the thin ice voice. Drop drips and spits as his lips and cheeks blow and wheeze near the talk of the ravaging goblins. Lips and cheeks slap with stomach flap as he flops and flips around the ground.

Chips of ice chip and fall from Giule's kicks.

The ice chips blow and float and fall to the falling goblin ramp. Goblins spread over the space falling and tumbling to a halt in mud and blood.

Hobgoblins grab goblins at the edge gobins choas and slap them before tossing them into the center of the fallen, living, ramp. Hobgoblins walk, run, push away from the pushing, kicking and punching of the goblins.

Jan feels an echo of the void created by Guile's mental confusion fighting to chaos. The void pushes from the ice while another void pulls at Jan as her mass and energy are pushed from the ice.

The ice beneth Guile's foot breaks and  a chunk falls.

Guile slips, slides and falls over the edge, grabes edge and hangs.

Shake's slow step become a sped run. He slide over the rock. He drops his blade and reaches, grabs Guile's fingers and wrist.

A roar of clicks and screaks with screams and hollers following pointing fingers and arms at Guile.

William, Spear, Kirra run from Minst to Kirra. Spear runs the lead and stops at edge. He grabs Guile's wirts and lifts and put Guile over the stone ground.

Guile's face twists lips and brow with teeth showing around his canine teeth. He hits the ground and slashes at the air and rolls around the ground. On feet, Guile jumps and slashes, spits and grunts.

,,GUILE,'' hollers William.

Shake rolls away from Guile.

Kirra steps to the edge with Spear.

The goblin ramp is a romp spread over the forest floor. Their mass calm. Two small groups push and fight until hogbolins smacke, hit and kill the goblins. The goblins hit the ice wall.

Ice cracks and falls in chuncks and bits.

,,The wall falls,'' says Kirra.

The sun falls.

Light castes long shados of the forest below. Campfire illuminates between tree trunks. Torches begin to light the night.

,,We need a plan,'' says William. ''We all need a plan.'' He steps toward Guile.

Guile's writhing slows to jerks and jiggles. His hide shirt and tunic are pulled-up. His Robe of Reighn is tugged over the ground to the cliffs edge.

Shake grabs the robe and lays it on Guile. ,,How we get down?'' His voice barely louder than the cold breeze.

William says with strong words and vocie even the goblin cackles can't crack. ,,Group teleport to a distant hill top seen. As far it will take the pack Rise.''

,,We should talk with Minst and Myst and then know what the teleport spell does,'' says Shake. His voice is near quiet. His eyes avoid the contact with William. He inhales and exhales to slow the pounding heart. ''We could do many things that would be better than being here. I don't know Maybe. Maybe. Maybe...'' He walks from the edge to Myst and Minst. 

Kicker blusters as she walks after Shake. 

Willaim walks to Guile.

Guile lays calm on the grond. His body is still. His eyes stare to the sky as he breathes deep breaths. Sweat beeze on his forehead freeze. A stench of shit and piss spread from his body. 

William covers his nose. ,,If you controlled the mind of the goblin's to fall then we thank you.'' He looks from Guile's head to his feet. ''Do you have the strength to rise? Need you any assitance to help you stand?''

Guile hears the words. He feels the cold from the breeze through his tunic. He feels the warm of his poop. He speaks and goblin clacks and speak are spoken. 

William clenches his fist and grabs the Reighn of Rope and lays it over Guile. ,,I will return. I must leave to talk with the pack about our desitine and our path.' William walks to the pack gathered around Myst and Minst.

With Williams step to the pack, they look at him then at each other. Their eyes and faces wrinkled, tense and dirty speak of sleep, food, fear.

As William stands stoic befofre the pack, Kicker's rump and saddle packs bump William. Her head nods to the saddle packs and blusters.

Shake steps and pushes and wedges William away from the saddle pack. He opens the pack and grabs the food paste wraps then tosses them near the pack.

A food wrap hits Minst leg.

No pains spreads.

Shake unwraps a food bundle and throws it before Kicker. Two remain in his crasp, and he holds on to William.

William smiles and winks. ,,Thank you, Shake.''

,,It is my pleasure, William.''

Shake and William share a stare until Kicker blusters, and the sound a goblins shrill feels a thrill through all.

,,We need a plan,'' says William looking at all.

,,We need Guile,'' says Shake. He looks at William. Shake steps from the pack to Guile.

Kicker follows.

Shake kneels by Guile. 

Guile lays still. He stares to near night sky. His thoughts are near night. 

The voice of Shake creates light in Guile's mind. The light pulses with Shake's voice.

,,Can you stand, walk,'' says Shake.

Guile feels near night. He forms the letters, <N.> <|O.> in mind. ,,No,'' he says.

Shake crouch walks to Guile's shoulders, grabs shoulders and lifts with legs then legs and arms. 

Kicker tries to lift Guile by the coller of tunic.

The all watch Kicker, Shake and Guile.

Spear walks from to Guile, lilfs Giule and tosses him over Kicker.

The pack returns. 

All look at Shake then Kirra ses a dark spot in ice. 

Ice is illuminated with setting sun light.

,,Jan join soon,'' says Kirra.

William steps and striaghtens back.

,,We teleport,'' says Shake. ''We use the teleport spell that Minst has or the armor if we can have it working.'' Shake steps to the center of all and looks at William. He follows the Speed buzz. He pops clench jaw. ''Spear mind take with the teleport scroll.'' Shake looks at Minst. ''HOw long until you can fly?'' 

Minst looks at William then Shake. ,,I...I need to read the spell. Near dark. Dark,'' says Minst. ''I have components. I think.''

Shake winks at Minst and smiles. ,,That's strength.'' Shake's shoulders go from hunched to set straight like William. Shake looks at Spear. ''Minst will fly Spear to the location if he doesn't teleport becasue of his...'' Shake stretches arms to Spear and open palms wiggling fingers. ''Because of his manly stuff.'' He clenches a fist and points to Myst. ''Myst can cast the scroll and us all to Lyno.'' He looks at William. ''To the roof of Coal's.''

,,I can't fly that far with Spear,'' says Minst. He squeezes his leg and feels no pain.

William and Spear stare. William says, ,,Like I have said.'' He points and looks Rise through the fading day to a dim sihlouette disk above the tree top roof. He looks from Shake to all. ''We run Rise. If we return to Lyno we may bring this horde to Lyno. If we run Wax then we will be lost, in the middle of winter near the goblin hordes.'' He looks at Shake. ''And Wane. There is no Wane. Our home will soon be destroyed.''

Myst opens her eyes from the song and looks at William. 

,,Rise,'' says Minst. 

,,Rise,'' says Spear. 

,,Rise, '' says Kirra.

Guide looks to Spear. ,,Rise.''

,,Rise,'' says Myst.

Kicker blusters and nods head.

,,Rise,'' says Guile.

Shake looks at Guile then kicker. He walks from pack and walks over dead goblins to the edge where goblins spread over the ground. 

,,Rise,'' says William. He kneels and looks at Minst while grabbing Minst's spell book on the ground. He holds the spell book before Minst. ''My friend.'' 

Minst grabs the book.

William says, ''I have questioned your honor. I have questioned you faith. I have questioned you motive. I have not been a friend. I have not been a part of the pack.'' 

Minst grabs his spell book. He feels body wave a warm emotion to calm the chattering teeth to say. He smiles. ,,I have acted a fool.'' His teeth chatter. ''I'm not strong enough to be a warrior.'' 

William grabs Minst's shoulder. ,,You have strength. You have desire.'' He smiles. ''You only need a strong front line.''

,,And some full plate armor,'' says Spear. ''How far can you fly me?'' Spear laughs. He points thumb to self. ''Let me know when our flight leaves.'' He kicks and walks to the goblins and hobgoblins kicking aside arms and legs, heads and swords, shield and helmets. 

Kirra walks from the circle and toward the dark shape that slowly flows from center to the edge of ice wall. ,,Jan.'' says Kirra.

Jan feel Kirra's word more than hears. He body feels slights chipping of the goblins. She feel a pulls into the ground. She feels the roots and insects below seeping her force from the ice. Then she feels...

A warm wave pulls Jan's cold then lets her flow toward Kirra. 

Then she hears and feels the chop of axe to tree.

Everyone hears the tree chop. Then they hear the tree tops.

Shake sees...

A hobgoblin raises broad head age and swings. The sound of axe chopping trunks echo through the dim dusk. 

Shake sucks on the sleeve of his Branching Armor. 

Kicker hits Shake's hand from Shake's mouth then blusters.

,,Let me be,'' says Shake.

Kicker blusters and walks to the dropped ball of food paste and eats.

Guide eats and eats. And Spear bites and chews while kicking gobinkin and goblin ware's. Minst looks at the ball of food paste and bites while opening and reading his spellbook.

William looks at Myst. And Myst looks at William.

,,We should eat,'' says William. ''So we may sing song and find the movement or phase Reighn finds me.'' 

Myst half smiles. ,,Reighn finds you course with a harmony worthy of a stadium.'' She bites food paste. Flavors of nut, grass, sage, garlic and corn create pockets of flavor joy with bites of dry paste that soaks saliva and leaves mouth dry.

The paste feels to dissolve and swallows like curdled milk leaving no sour taste but a calm spread of garlic. 

The paste feels to sink stomach then spread and feel light. 

Myst swallows a mouth full says, ,,Jan Food Paste tastes better than I thought it would.''

William swallows. William says, ,,It will sustain.'' 

Jan begins to feel her stomach then hunger again as her body forms from the water, mud and energy trapped in the will of ice. Then Jan sees Kirra.

Kirra stands and eats and watches Jan form and  move through the ice. 

Spear finds a quiver of arrows, bites Jan's food paste and puts quiver over shoulder. He then clips war hammar to belt. He says with mouth full paste. ,,SHAKE. Help me look.'' Food sprays.

Shake looks away from the goblins chopping. 

Goblins chop and chop and chop...

Shake walks to the voice focal.

Kicker follows. 

Both walk to Guile. 

Shake kneels and pulls the Rope of Reighn over his shoulders. ,,Can I help you?'' says Shake.

Guile snores and rolls over to side.

Shake  walks to Spear. Kicker stands by Guile.

A crack breaks goblin chatter and breeze blow. Branches crack, snap and swoosh. 

All look Rise where the goblin ramp once rose. All see...

A tree falls. Its tip nears the ledge but falls past. It cracks.

Goblinkin scream.

Spear runs to ledges. 

Gobins and hobgoblins spread and run from the tree trunck hitting ground rise torches. Goblins scream and cry. 

The tree lays broke on ground.

,,TOP'S TOO THIN,'' says Kirra. 

,,TREE CUT BACK FAR,'' says Spear.

William stands and swallows more food stuff. ,,AS IF THIS WAS ONCE USED AS FORT OR PLACE OF DEFENSE.''

Then the wind speaks a breeze that blows cold, and the lowering sun tells the time of a story to begin.

A page on Minst's spell book flaps and he reads and moves arms and hand in circles. His lips speak the symbols his hands feel.

Myst hears Minst wizard chant begin a pace for a talk with Reighn and a thanks for what has been and what whill be. She begin her words with the pace of Minst repeating chant. ,,Reighn I sing for you...''

William hears the beginning of the prayer and walks to Spear and says loud enough for Kirra and all but Jan to hear. ,,When we are at the top of hill we can have not flame. We must begin our decent to the bottom of the hill no matter how steep. We must run as one and through the night and the day until we find a place to hid from the hordes of goblins.''

William's words carry no further then a the hill top. His words sting Shake and disrupt the slowing buzz speeding mind.

Shake steps through the wake of silence William's speech. He lifts pieces of armor, opens pockets, dumps pouches, sacks and bags. He dumps scabbards. He plls a wool hat from a dead goblin and pulls it over head. Shake finds three copper, a silver, three fake cold goins, a gold necklace, a balanced dagger, ten pair of wool gloves, flint and steel, oil, tobacco and pack full of dried meat. As Shake finds...

Two more trees fall, and the goblins bind rope around wood. 

Torch light and campfire light spot the forest near night. The darkness below the tips of trees spreads with the breeze.

The sun lowers, so only the rays of light shine over the moutain. 

A deep shadow is caste over the trees and stone hills.

With the darkness, Jan nears the edge of ice wall. And Kirra nears Jan. 

With the darkenss of the shadow Myst's song to Reighn silences from mouth and spread with strings and horns through mind. Myst finds balance and feel the vibration warm her body and burn into her mind songs and notes to sing for the time to be. Myst doesn't see Minst shiver.

For Minst does shiver and reads and moves and speaks sounds near clicks of goblinkin and moans of human ecstacy. Minst's mind feels to bind around flashing shapes and lines. He feels the thoughts nearly break his mental hold. His muscles of face and hands tense and pull. The lines in Minst's mind draw wings and clouds...

With clear sky above and snow surrounding, Guide walks to Spear and William and stands behind and between.

Spear looks at Guide and says to William as he returns look at the goblin fires and the goblin tree ramp. ,,We can stop one. Maybe two.'' 

The crack of tree crunk and snap and swoosh of branches. Pine needles fall like snow flakes to the ground. Hobgoblins grab the trunk and rise the trunk and move the trunk toward the hill wall covereed with ice.

,,They will climb the branches,'' says William. 

,,They will fall,'' says Spear.

The trio stares through the forest below.

Below the tree moves slow to toward the mountain then rises slow near the moutain. 

,,And Kicker. ...Guile,'' says William. ''How are we going to get a horse down from a hill with no slide?''

Kicker eats food paste.

Guile snores...

Shake looks at Guile then bites the dried meat and chews with mouth tense ready to spit.

Flavor and spice zing mouth and spread a shiver of warm through body.

Shake finds a near new leather sack in puts three copper, a silver, three fake cold goins, a gold necklace, a balanced dagger, ten pair of wool gloves, flint and steel, oil, tobacco and pack full of dried meat inside.

He looks around the hill top to see Jan emerge from ice.

Jan emerges from ice. Her body lay horizontal in a puddle of water that outlines her body.

Kirra stands and watches. ,,Are you alive,'' she says.

Jan feel cold, smells wood smoke and Kirra's garlic and alcohol sweat, sees dusk and stars, tastes pure water, hears the fall of the tree and feel it like a stake falling into heart.

The tree hist with a swoosh and some where goblins cheer with their clack-clicks and maons and whistles.

Kirra stands and stares over the forest.

Jan lays in water. Her body whole. Her mind within. Her soul being pulled through the water, the ice, between the stone and past the roots as it filter from grubs, worms, roots then spans.

Kirra sees Jan's body sinks. Her stand becomes a leap and a slide as she slides over the ice to Jan. She grabs Jan.

Then Jan's soul pull to the touch, into her body. She breathes, swallows water and slash to edge of water then calm.

They stare. They hear.

A tree trunk groans as it tips. Branchines and twigs break and snap. The horde to the Set run from the trunk then walk to the trunk to lift it.

Kirra pulls Jan from the water. 

Jan's soul is pulled and snaps to Jan.

The water on and in Jan's robe drains to the ice and pools. No cold is felt only Kirra's touch. 

Kirra pulls Jan from the ice. ,,Jan.'' 

,,Kirra,'' says Jan. She stumbles, falls. 

Kirra catches, says, ,,Can you walk.''

,,Yes,'' and Jans and walk to Kirra to Myst and Minst.

Minst and Myst summons a diety and the divine weave of magic with a color wheel of powers seen through different third-eyes.

Their sounds causing audio discourse for those near. For those near and far, the cheer of goblinkin and roar of Spear discourses the steady sound of horde rumblings.

Spear hollers. ,,THEY RAISE trunks for ladders.''

Goblins crawl on hobgoblins and hobgoblins on goblins to push and reach the top of the tree to the edge of the sheer mountain wall.

The tree trunk top slams against he ice and rock. Broken branch tips chip and dig into ice. Pine cover.

Before the tree trunk settles, Spear strides and pushes agianst the trunk top.

Willaim and Guidue stands by Spear and pushes. William hollers. ,,SHAKE!''

Shake lifts a bone blow gun and a bag of darts from hobgoblins and looks at William, the trunk and the second trunk tip rising above the plane of the plateau hill top. He runs putting darts and bone blow gun in leather sack then tied leather sack to back and is standing under William, Spear and Gude pushing the trunk. 

The trunk moves, slides and falls.

Another tree trunk rests on ice. Branches stab and stick into ice. 

Ice chunks fall. 

Goblins holler.

Another tree falls. 

Tree creak, cracks and falls. Branches snap and fan.

Another tree trunk is raise and moved toward the stone platueau's side.

Spear hits one tree trunk top and pushes. ,,PUSH OTHER.''

William, Shake, Guide run to push other. 

Kirra and Jan run at a third tree trunk top lean on ice and rock. Kirra lowers chest, grabs a club from hobgoblins, remember the clicking sound made the many times by many goblins lighting many torches. ,,Klque-Claq-Qlick.''

Fire bursts on torch.

Jan grabs her pack slides hand through pack to find a beaker. 

They reach the tree, and Jan kneels reachs down and pours oil on limb sticking into ice.

She crawls and stands and puts oil in back and walk to grab her staff.

Kirra holds the flame club the tree top against hills side.

Oil ignites. 

Flame licks and wood burns.

Kirra holds the club torch to branch and stands near flame.

Jan and Kirra's fire and torce is seen by Shake.

Shake no longer feels his muscles and the push to move the tree top. 

The tree top moves then falls. 

The clash of the tree leads to a goblinkin shout that is a whisper as Spear hollers from the heaven through his mouth a thunder.

Spear lifts the tree trunk and pushes the tree free of cliff.

Trees fall. Trees rise. Trees are laid onto the sheer, ice covered, wall.

A tree is lowered near Kirra. 

Kirra grabs another club, says, ,,Klque-Claq-Qlick.'' She holds both club to tree.

Snow and ice melt, drip from limb. Limb dries...

Shake runs for a club. He grabs a club and he stops by Guile. ,,GUILE!'' Guile lays still on side. His chest rises and lowers slow and stready. ,,GUILE!'' hollers Shake. Guile sleeps. Shake lowers and nudged Guile's shoulder. Guile's body fidgets then rolls to back and snores. Shake looks at Spear and William. Spear and William and Guide slowly push tree trunk tops from the side of plateau. Shake looks at Jan and Kirra. Jan walks to Kirra. Kirra burns tree tops. Shake looks at Minst and  Myst. Minst and Myst sit. Shake shouts, ,,KIRRA, WHAT'S THE MAGIC CLICK!'' ,,KLIQUE-CLAQ-QLICK,'' says Kirra. Shake says, ,,Cliek-glac-quack. KLCACK-Lick-Que. Clique-claq-clack.'' He mumbles and hits the club into groun in speed motion between the span of a Guile Snore.  He lowers and grabs and shakes Guile. Guile's big belly shakes. His second chin wobbles. His head pivots. Snore stuttered. ,,KIRRA CAN YOU BURN GUILE AWAKE,'' screams Shake.

The scream echoes...

The world slows around Shake.

The fat of Guile's wiggles slow.

Kirra yells, ,,NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...''

Shake's heart beat slows.

Shake's eyes move slow.

Kirra and Jan step slow.

The fire flames slowly blow with breeze.

Kicker's head nods slow.

Shake's hand moves slow.

Shake slowly looks at hands.

Then he slowly puts hand in a pocket of Branching Armor.

His finger side between the folds of pocket feeling the woven slick fibers sooth hand.

His fingers lead the hand then the wrist.

A dry dust rubs against fingers then hand then wrist.

Wrist then hand then fingers slip from pocket.

,,SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKE,'' hears Shake from Kirra. ''SHAKE.''

Shake looks at hands and heart beats. Coal rubs between fingers. Shake breaths and sniffs snot. Kirra stares at him. Two more trunks hit tops. A tree falls. A nother tree top is set to flame. Shake sniffs and stares at the fire while Guile snores.

The fires burn.

Kirra shadows caste and dance over the rock and goblin bodies. She puts two clubs with lite flame tips to another trunk.

Jan walks past Kirra. She lifts end of staff and touches tip to a tree truck.

The tree trunks branches wiggle and wave like arms. The branch bend and fold to trunk. The trunk slips and rolls and falls to the goblinkins.

Another tree falls in the first. Another fire pit is ignited.

Goblins gather the broke branches and toss them in fire pits. Gobins run and dance around the flames.

The flames rise along the forest floor in pits and holes.

Dead goblinkin are grabed, lifted and pulled over the forest floor.  They are hung over fire or pulled apart. The body parts are bit, chews and pulled from hands and
mouths. 

They eat. They chop trees and lift tree trunks. 

Two more tree trunks lean agains the ice covered wall of plateau.

,,HOW LONG, MINST?'' hollers William. 

William, Guide push one tree trunk. Spear pushes another tree trunk.

Minst doesn't hear William as the chant and chatter and hums with color splashes and fading of colors as he stares at the Rise horizon.

A semi-circle of light blue caps the mountains and contrasts the night.

,,IT'S NIGHT,'' hollers Spear that if followed by a roar as another trunk is pushed. Spear see tree tops on the fars side tips and bounce. He runs the lenght of the hill top. He slams shoulder into three. Branches scrape and scratch. He pushes and peers down.

Goblins climb and claw up the tree.

Spear pushes. His muscles strain, go numb. He hollers and shouts once the tree falls.

Spear's shout startles Shake's stare.

Shake stares and at the flames from the tree top. He looks at hands and stares. The buzz in mind becames a shake and jolt.

Kicker's nose nudges Shake's shoulder.

Shake looks up and at Kicker.

Kicker blusters.

Shake's hand termor and body twitches. Shake lifts sleeve and sucks on the sleeve. He feels a zing and calm buzz that shovers his body and mind as one. During a flash of calm, he rubs fingers, draws a flame through the night, snaps finger, says, ,,Grailn'' A flames lights from Shake's thought. Shake touches thumb to Guile's arm.

Guile swats, kicks, rolls and fights against the ground to kneel. He wipes face and grabs the Robe of Rieghn covers. He bites the breeze with cold words. ,,WHAT!'' He spits in dwarven. ''GRIZTED.'' He blinks, yawns and looks around. ''How long have I.''

Shakes stands in haste and says with words near one. ,,You'vebeensleepingaftergoingmadefrommindcontrollinggoblins.'' Shake inhales and calms the buzz. He exhales slow
 and say loud. ''We. Are. Going. To. Teleport. To. A. Different. Place.''

,,SHAKE!'' hollers William with veins poking from face and sweat dripping. ''GET MYST. AND MINST. WAKE.'' He shoves. ''GET THEM!''

Shake looks at William. He runs to Minst and Myst.

He steps and kneel and says, ,,Myst.''

Myst sits sings and plays with Reighn in her mind feeling the path and the life before. The song is a healing song and a question of her faith. The song's slow strings stretched like a ripple flowing across a pond. The ripples lap and splash a base of drums. Fire pops sprinking the beach metaphor of song with sand. Shake's voice creates a cloud of dark.

''MYST.'' says Shake. ''WE NEED TO GO! NOW!'' Shake sneers. He looks at his thumb. He nudges Minst. He lowers and looks at Minst. He says loud. ,,WILLIAM.'' He crawls around Myst.

The song leaves Myst's mind. She wakes with the world and feels the cold.

''MINST,'' say Shake.

And with a poof the colors and chant vanishes from Minst's mind. He blinks. ,,What?'' he says.

,,We need to go. We need to go now,'' says Shake.

,,GOBLIN CLIMBING,'' hollers Spear.

Goblins climb trees. They swing from trees. They near the top of trees. 

,,What?'' says Minst as he gathers his components in pack. He pulls his hide coat. He shivers and drops packets. 

William looks at Minst and Myst and Shake as he and Guile push another trunk from the sheer wall. ,,Spear...'' He runs and shouts. ''WE NEED TO GO NOW!''

Kirra and Jan look at William.

Jan lowers her staff and walk from the edge. 

Kirra looks Spear then looks down the tree trunks. 

Goblins claw and climb. 

William begins talking with a calm, booming voice that quiets the goblin talk and tree chopping and falling. ,,WE NEED TO MEET IN THE CENTER. MYST, WE NEED YOU TO READ THE TELEPORT SCROLL. SPEAR, WE NEED SUPPORT UNTIL WE LEAVE. MINST, GET READY TO FLY. WE ARE LEAVING NOW. GATHER IN THE CENTER NEW KIKCER. GUILE, CAN YOU WALK? WE NEED TO GO. NOW.'' He steps near Guile. He leans and stares at Guile. ''Do you need to be helped on to Kicker?'' Guile shakes head. ,,No.'' Wiiliams stands, says, ''Minst, will the teleport work if Guile and Minst sit on Buckey? And you need to see the land to teleport us there.''

Minst unscrews the base of his knife's scabbard.

Parchment rolled and scrolls roll and tumble over rock top with breeze.

William's foot steps on the scrolls rolls and grabs the parchment.

,,I need to read the scroll before Myst reads the scroll,'' says Minst. ''I've never teleported before.''

,,Have you read scrolls?'' says William.

Minst stares. ,,Yes.'' He grabs and pulls the scrolls from William's grasp and unrolls scrolls. He pulls from scroll roll chain lightening, prismatic spray then group teleport.  ,,Here.'' He holds up the scroll. ''Group Teleport. Or Mass Teleport depending on you perspective.''

,,Spear?'' says William.

Spear hears, but stares silent at goblins.

Goblins crawl, claw, fall, fight up the trunk near the top.

Spear runs from the ledge to the center. He yells. ,,KIRRA! WHAT'S THE WORLD FOR FIRE!''

,,Klque-Claq-Qlick.'' She leaves her two burning clubs by tree tops with flames burning water then wood. ''Klque-Claq-Qlick.'' Kirra grabs two more club and snags a quiver of bolts. She grabs and crossbow then tosses it for another.

,,Klque-claq-qlick,'' says Spear. He grabs a torch then pulls the quiver from his should and tosses it near Jan and Kirra. ''Klque-claq-qlick.'' The torch ingites. Sper grabs three more clubs and says. ''Klque-claq-qlick''

William says, ,,Klque-claq-qlick,'' then grabs a club. He says, ,,Guile, Minst,'' get on horse.

,,I need to fly Spear,'' says Minst. ''He needs to remain out of the teleport area. He may disrupt the area of effect.'' Minst stands collecting his packs.

Myst grabs the scroll from hand. William says, ''Minst, the parchement and scrolls. Your scabbard bottom.'' Myst loooks at the scroll. Minst rolls scroll and pacrhement around base of scabbard then puts the shell and turns until tight. William says, ,,Can you read it, Myst?''

Myst looks at the shapes and hears a tone then a beat then notes of a scale through the shapes of along the scroll.

Minst looks at Myst and says, ,,She can read it.'' He stumbles and shivers from the center toward Spear.

Spear runs with flaming clubs

A goblins leaps from tree and runs with arms clawing and mouth open for a yell.

Spear swings a flaming club. Club hits goblin's head. Head pop-offs and rolls to two more goblins.

William glances and sees Spear and the goblins. ,,Minst, begin to caste your spell and begin to fly.''

Minst nods and fumbles packets of components to hands. He walk toward Spear.

Spear wacks another goblins.

Three more run toward.

Kirra pulls bow from back and shuffles it out of the quivers over back. She pulls notches and fires one, two, three arrows. Three arrows stick in gobins heads. Goblins fall dead. A quiver of arrows from Kirra's shoulder.

Jan grabs fallen quiver and lifts, steps with Kirra and staff. Her robe squeezes around body. Her mind feels the pull from the ground. Her feet feel to stick to the sruface of rock as she steps near Myst and Shake.

Shake helps Guiles stand and reaches and grabs Guile and lifts. ,,Kicker, kicker. Get on kicker. Get it on Kicker now. Now. Now. We need to be ready. Get.'' He pulls up on Guile's hid coat. Guile pulls away and scatters away. Shake grabs Guile.

,,No,'' says Guile. ''I stand.''

Guile crouches and slowling stands using Kicker as support. Guile stands as Myst sings the scroll with tones and whistles. The voice of Reighn sings the scroll to her mind in the form of notes translating the writing of the weave to be connected with threads of power sewn in the scroll.

Myst sing the songs thread that pulls on Minst.

Minst recites the strict, surface talk like sounds, that speak from Minst's mouth rather than sings. He squeezes packets of components smashes. Flower, leaf and ash spread  and sprays over Minst. The pits of dust and pars of leaf flow and grab from the weave of magic and pull the stitch from the force of Minst, the plants the life and binds the weave to Minst. ...He touches the spin of spell book, the hilt of dagger and pulls on the straps of pack and length of sling, whie feeling a light foot. He flies toward Spear.

Spear swings, hits flaming club against goblins body, spins, hits flaming club against goblins body, punches, hits goblins face.

Goblin's face breaks.

Goblins dies, spray black blood, quiver to death.

A goblins reaches to claw at Minst as Minst hovers and rise with riase of arm and smind and body stand standy and control the strings of the weave that pull and lift is body from gound.

,,Minst flies,'' says William. ''GOBLIN RISE. WE MUST GO!''

Goblins climb and claw from the tree tops and the flames. The screams from burning are silenced only by their shrill laughter that creates an echo of dimensions. 

The voice of Myst rises and sings a bell ring tone then goes low like the boom from a drum as the magic weave to her sing to notes like from parchement create ripples of sound around the pack near Myst.

Myst feel her sense become the song then she feels her self spread and sing around William, Guile, Kicker, Guide, Jan, Kirra.

William, Shake, Guile, Guide, Kicker, Jan and Kirra only hear the song.

They hear Minst say loud, ,,SPEAR.'' They see Minst grab Spear. Then they see a flash.

William, Shake, Guile, Guide, Kicker, Jan, Kirra and Minst vanish behind Minst and Spear.

Minst and Spear fly...

Minst pulls on the strings of the weave he feels spread over like relief of a web etched with colors through the night.

Spear and Minst fly over goblins and hobgobins reaching claws for feet. The fly past darts blown from tubes and bolts fired from crossbows.

Minst pulls and holds arms aroound Spear. Both fly as if Minst stands on platform and Spear is held over edge by Minst.

Minst's grip slip, and Spear jerks down.

Spear's feet danlge and kick. His tired streteched muscle find twist of fright to tighten the muscles. He reaches back and wraps arms around Minst's feet. Spear's feet kick tree tops and Minst flies.

Minst flies and feels the weave of magic gatheing to force to hold and fly Minst with Spear snap. Small pops of color burst fade.

Minst sinks, and Spear lifts and moves legs and body.

Spear back hits branches. A club falls from his grasp. The bastard sword sticking above head give Minst a wake.

They fly beteeen the above trees and gobins.

The goblins on the hill top shout, point and blow dart, shoot bolts and toss rockes while spitting words and jesters. The logs burning from Kirra's fires fall. They hit the ground with other trees. A tree falls near Spear.

Spear holds to Minst.

Minst's sockets pull and stretch spreading painf from knees and hips. He pushes and focuse and hears Spear yell and they flow over the trees and through the breeze.

The breeze blows against the relief weaves. The shapes and pictures from the trees feel to retreat the flight between. 
    
Minst's body gives to the pain form legs and lumps. The flight slows, but the flight glows.      
               
Below goblins walk and crawl to the horde. Fire rise and flickers through the night between the pine needle branches and leave naked trees. The smoke clouds and rises and fills. The land spreads before Minst and Spear.

,,WHERE!'' hollers Minst because talking would be no louder than his teeth chatter.

,,Rise,'' Spear hears Minst, but has no answer, but to hold tight arms around ankles.

A club of spear falls through trees snapping down.

Down to the ground the mass of goblins kin and fires becomes spots and sportatic.

The plateau behind dims become one with the darknes. The trees a blane of dark.

The flight goes slow from the beginning. The trees pass as if the flight is a walk. As trees past the flight becomes fast like running through a forest.vThen for the last push of speed each tree is hard to be seen through Spear's black and white sight. ,,WHERE!'' hollers Spear.

,,UP,'' says Minst with a pull on mind and flight form. His legs part and body shakes. He tips back and forth and feels like he stands on shield in the middle of an during a storm.

The thought weaving thought to energy to magic loops and bends with the circles adn triangles drawn with the lines of the trees.

Minst mind frees the mind from the pain and the strain as the push and tapestry of fly being to lift from the feet to the head like standing.

The flight goes slow from the beginning. The trees pass as if the flight is a walk. As trees past hte flight becomes fast like running through a forest. Then for the last push of speed each tree is hard to be seen thorugh Spears black and white sight.

Trees, trees, trees, trees, pass and flaah, slap and scrape. Trees, trees, trees are all that are seen by Minst and Spear.

No fires or goblinkin are seen.

Spear feels muscle strains pop, and body numb. He flexes and squeezed arms around Minst's boots. Pain spread throug heches as he lifts lges over tree top adn sways sore pain as kicks away from a branch. 

The pair sink, and Spear slips.

Minst feels the slip. His legs jerk. His knees pull, and one pops. The pop bangs pain. His body give way and sways then drops from energy drain to a state of weakness.

The fall then jerk and bounce like hung by and expanding and contracting twine.

The thread pulls Minst forward.

Spear slips and falls.



