Boots stomp and shuffle and kick heads and necks. 

Nets are pulled light and more ropes wrap around pack. They are then lifted like sacks and carried. Backs and butts hits cement.

The pack is thrown on by one in a nother pile then pulled from the pile and tossed.

They land alone in a cell with glowing bars as they are stripped and sprayed with water. 

The armor, cloths, scabbarad, knives, belts and packs are pulls and pryied.

The pack fights back. Spear smashes and breaks a hugoblin'f face and chases away the goblinkin taking cloths and war hammar then the bastard sword until metal prods beat and shock Spear to lay and away. Kirra remains naked and wet with spit that lands on faces how look. 

The pack is subdued, dress in red shirts and pants. William has a red cloth wrapped around his gauntlet. 

The pack is put in single cells with glowing jail bars along a row in the dark. The pack can see the other lay and sleep as the pack wakes from the dream of the beatings and torture.

Minst says, ,,Where are we?''

William moans. Spear graons.

Myst hums with the sounds, but hears nothing. Her sight sees only light lines in the dark. Her song sings but there is no sonus to see her around. ,,In the dark.''

,,Why are we alive,,'' says Minst. ''Why didn't they kill us?'' He rubs back against stone wall to scratch. ''What about Flare? Wherea re we?'' His voice spans hollow and silence beyond the beating heats and the breating. 

Guile snorts and spits. He moans as he opens eyes. ,,Glihud.'' Guile rolls to back and put hands on stomach. ,,They know me.''

,,Know us,'' says Kirra. She sit lotus in center of celler and looks into the darkness.

Nothing is seen beyond the bright shining bars of all the cells.

William hears the voices and maons with pain through skull and back.

,,Flare,'' says Spear. A small pain pokes his chest. 

William moans after a thump of pain wakes. ,,Flare.'' William grabs the cloth over guantlet, hand slips free. He grabs against and slips off, ,,I have a feeling the soldier's of this town know who we be. I believe Flare. He looks at Spear. 

Spear stares to the dark. ,,Feelings. Vissions. Magic witch craft.''

,,Loyalties,'' says William. 

Myst lays on side seeing only black and light lines. ,,Fate we follow the fate Flare follows.''

Spear lowers hear and looks at floor. ,,Felt power of Blue. Felt emotion and beings...''

,,Feel it all time,'' Guile says. He clear thraot and speaks. ''Mind images. Mental pushes.'' He spits.

With spit, William says, ,,Shake warned us.''

Guile scratches stomach. ,,Shake did warn.''

,,Where are we?'' Minst stands and paces. ''Where is my spell book? Where is our cloths, amror weapons. Where...'' Minst paces to silences.

Guile lifts head and looks back at Minst. ,,We are under ground.'' He lays head on stone floor. ''Spell book is lost.''

William pulls on cloth around guantlet and hand slips free. ,,Lost like us. Lost like our fate.''

,,And we wait and wait and wait,'' says Guile.

Minst puts head in arms. ,,What are we waiting for?''

,,Time,'' says Guile.

,,John the goblinkin,'' says Kirra.

Minst shifts seats. ,,Is it John of the goblinkin or John the Goblinkin?'' Minst is blind. Minst feels the cold floor. He feels the magic from the bright glowing jail bars.

,,John the goblins. A goblin.'' William raises hand and punch wall. 

A thunk binks.

,,It is concrete,'' says Guile.

William says, ,,,,I wonder if the past events during the swamp were lies and illusions as this journey after fate.''

,,Fate,'' says Spear.

,,Fates,'' says Myst. ''Fate allows us to live.''

,,Can you see, Myst?'' says Minst.

,,I see lights and fate. See all with song...'' Myst rolls to back. ''I see all I needs to see.''

William punchs the wall.

The wall thunks. 

Spear lifts head and looks at William. He lowers to back and stares at ceiling. ,,Death awaits time in a cage.''

William stands and punshes bars.

Sparks explode. Bits of bright burn William's arms. 

Wiliam shouts, ,,WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE AREEEEEEEEEEE HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERE.''

No echoes no sound. 

Darkness. 

William punch, punches, punches. punches the glowing bars.

Sparks splash, explode, singe hair and skin. 

William punches and steps back. 

The bars glow. The bag over guantlet remains white and whole.

Sweat drips from William's foread. ,,If Shake were here were hear he'd-''

,,SHAKE. IS. DEAD,'' says Guile. 

,,JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHN,''s ays William. He touches bar with hand.

Hand burns. 

Wiliam punches gauntlet agains the glowing bars.

Sparks flare.

,,GOBLIN SCUM,'' hollers Wiliam. ''FIGHT BUT YOU HIDE LIKE THE COWARDS YOU ARE? FIGHT LIKE MEN AND NOT BEAST OF THE WILD RAPING YOU MOTHER.''

,,Why make noise?'' says Minst. ''Do you think they care?''

William looks at Minst and punches bats.

Sparks explode.

''Brilliant,'' says Minst. ''Maybe the sparks will free us? Maybe they will free us?'' Minst smirks. ''Maybe if you bunch the bars enough?''

William grabs a bar with guantlet. ,,Maybe you could check to see if you have your spell book?''

,,Wiliam,'' says Spear.

William says, ,,You chose to rot in this cell is weark.'' William hollars. ''LET ME FIGHT LIKE A WARRIOR AND NOT HIDE AND RUN LIKE A GOBLIN!''

,,William please,'' says Minst.

She sits from lay and sways. ,,They will come when the come and be when they will be.''

William steps and stands in center. ,,FIGHT WITH HONOR OR DIE THE GOBLIN SCUM YOU ARE?''

The voice fades.

Darkness is.

''COWARDS!'' William steps and bunches bars.

Sparks fly and fade.

Guile says, ,,Can't be good if thought bad.''

William sighs. ,,As Shake would say, can not be good if thought bad.''

A cackle howl leads the words. ,,Can't be good. If bad,'' says John the Goblin.''


