The purr flows through Guile's mind vibrating away a floating rock spining through a maze. The purr spans to Myst, and Myst stops snoring. The snore stop wakens Spear as the purr flows into William's mind and body then Kirra. Kirra feels the purr then pain the rolls and grabs knife.

The hot, bright sun shines at the zenith.

,,Purr,'' says Spear

,,Love,'' says Kirra.

William rolls to side. ,,We must sleep.'' He closes eyes and clears the mind and hums.

Guile sleeps and snores. He feels the purr and compresses the purr and pushing the purr from mind with a snore.

Guile's snore pushes Myst's snore. Myst's snore sooths Spear and Kirra.

The pack sleeps until night and hears the ambients sounds of the train rolling along the desert ground.

The desert ground rolls hard and narrow. The salty surface relfects the sun like a mirror and spanes as fare sas the sight sees.

Ten days away from the Gnomsidy and hte rollowing dunes become hard flat planes of heat and salt.

The water feels to suck from body. The water is drank and the piss peed into bags. The bags are dumped into the empty water containers.

The food and water are ate and drank over the open hard road.

For five days teh open hard road rolls flat. No purr flows through minds. No talk spreas through the train. All the eyes and mind focus on the Rise horizen stepping slolwy.

The night guard becomes more of a group of warrrios walks a few leaps behind the the train. All walking quiet and watching for their carvans.

Pullitk triess to shout people in order. He tries to talk to each guard as each guard becomes regular. Spear, William and Kirra alter shifts of guarding and pulling. 

Myst and Guile watch during the day.

Fifteen nights from Gnomesidy and nearing the end of the flat salt planes, an axle of a wagon wheel breaks.


The fifteenth night of travel a cart wheel breaks.

A woodend cart's axle break after wheel  thumps into ground before Spear and the cart.

An oxgoblins moos a bark moan growl an pulls on yoke and tongue. Chains rattle. A worg barks. Hugoblins pull wraps from mouths and click and clack.

A globe glows.

Spear pushes back on the cart and slows to ta stop.

Gule sends a shout. He feels and sees the mental echos of the wagon people seen in surface talk, >Haul not remember axle. We...We're dead now how. ...Talking not looking athte ground looking for hole...Is this a trap?...How deep? Shallow. ...Not dug...< Guile sees after an instant and says loud for Spear and Myst, ,,Axle broke. Wood axle brook. Warrior of group worries of ambush. People blame people.<

Spear stands and nods.

Myst hums and whisltes. ,,I will let the song sing through me to med the alxe to mend.'' She steps from Spear.

spear says, ,,Guile, see to Willam and Kirra. Get them here.''

Guile looks at Spear. The stare for an instant.

Spear clenches jaw, which Guile sees through his dwarven gray sight.

Guile snorts and steps to the Rise.

Myst says. ,,Spear, Guile. We haven't much time to help or they will be left behind.'' She step before Spear and to the cart and the group of traveles.

The train follow Myst and it rolls and steps around Spear and the cart then the three wagons stalled along the desert road.

Myst hums and says loud.

Guile mental shouts and spans the feeling of the click to follow Myst through the people. He sess the worgs feel rage and anger and click to the hugbling. The hugiblns clck and think. He sees the thought of hte grounp as one thought. >It is the snore. ...Friend. ...Good or bad. ...Mend wheel? ...Fuck you when...< Guile feels the last mental echo from the guard standing at the edgoe of the tree wagong caravn.

The guard peers at Myst and grabs his short swords and clicks.

A worg barks.

Guile talks with the felt echo of the guard and worg a faint troll death moan.

The moan flows from mind to minds.

As the troll death moan spreads form Guile, Spear pulls the wagon a few steps closer and stares at the guard peering at Myst.

Myst steps between the guard and the worg.

The worg barks then whimpers as the Gulie's troll death moan seeps through thoughts or rage. The soldiers stares and feels his worg laugh as a feel of dead dread and sand warriors ready to kill. The worg whimpers and runs from the wagons. The soldier drops his short swords and runs after.

Myst hums and glances at the running soldiers.

A few people stand around the gate with hands on hips or pointing. A couple look at the worg and soldier then stare at Myst.

The group talks. ,,We bind it with metal.'' A small hugoblins says, ,,We move sacks to other wagons. We salvage.'' 

,,Rope,'' says another. 

The glance at Myst and stop talking.

A short, tiny hugoblins says with quiet voice, ,,We move sacks to wagons. We take wheels and axle and tongue and yokes.''

The three once talk begins to grab the sacks.

The short tiny hugoblin says at Myst, ,,You mend glass with sound and deity.''

Myst slows hum and says, ,,I, Myst,  sing with Rieghn, and Reighn's song has sung the glass wheel whole.'' She looks at the tiny hugoblins, nearly a head shorter than herself.

The hugoblis looks steps at Myst and looks up at her. ,,You fix the axle, human. We will be equals.''

A few of the other hugoblins click and clack as the wagons and carts roll past. Inle and Crisle slow their oxgoblins to a trot and stare. Inle hums myst's song and pulls rains and rolls along.

Myst says, ,,Rieghn sees all as equal in song and it is with song that Rieghn sings.'' She smiles and hums and kneels. "The axle will need to be lifted with might and not Reighn, so the two sides my join like whole then my song will sing for it to be one again.''

Two hugogblins as fast as guile and thick as spear crouch and lift the wagon. One hugoblins tall and thin crawls under the wagon and lifts the two hafves of the axle as one.

...A work growl barks past.

Guile laughs.

The worg whimpers and runs around the wagon.

Myst crawls under the wagon, lays on back and presses hands on the axle break. She hums. The sound of a drum pounds in mind. Myst taps with crack of axle with fingers. The drum llays to string stroked with bow. Myst taps and rubs the axle.

As myst rubs the axle, Pulltik shouts. ,,Wagon First speak with Pullitk.''

The short small hugoblins woman that allowed Myst to try to fix the axle, walks toward Pulltik.

Willim and Kirra run to the cart.

William says, ,,What goes on here that we are stopped?'' He holds long swoard and peers at the three wagons and sees Myst. ''Myst.''

Guile clears throat and spits. ,,Broke axle. Myst mending with...'' He flickers hands. ''Reighn. Helping. Shrot one there see equal.'' He clears throat and spits.

The small hugoblins and Pulltik click and clack and smack their lips in hushed tones. While Pullitk nods and listens, he says loud,  ,,GUARD WALK WITH THE TRAIN!'' He lifts arm and waves it to the rise.

Eight of the ten follow Pullitk and walk past.

Kirra and William stand between Spar and Myst.

,,You two walk,'' says Pulltik. His short sword aims at Kirra and William.

Kirra stands with William. William hums with Myst.

Myst rubs and taps the the axle.

The axle vibrates, warms. A bit of smoke rises from the wood.

A breeze blows the smoke away from the axle.

,,GUARDS WALK NOW OR CART LEAVE TRAIN!'' shout pulltik.

Guile coughs and spits sand from mout, ,,Walk. We watch Myst.''

William looks at Spear.

Spear says,  ,,We wait.''

Kirra says, ,,William,'' and walks after PUlltik.

William clenches steel fist and walks after Kirra humming with Myst.

The song of Rieghns spreads to a fat hugoblins holding the side of the wagon.

The song spans Myst's mind and body with drums and string beating like a run and vibrating like a hum. A cord strikes and all is silent. Mysit is in silence and dark. ,,Release hold on cart.''

The three hugoblins look at each other then the smaller hugoblins once talking with Pulltik.

She nods.

One looks at Spear.

Spear looks a Myst.

Myst hums and pushes herself from under hte wagon.

The three hugoblins release the wagon.

The wagon axle moans and holds.

Two hugoblins clap. A few says, ,,Reighn.''

The small hugoblins puts hand over mouth and ponst to therise.

The hugoboins around the wagons load sacks removed from the wagons. Two of the wagons are pulled along the road.

The oxgoblins pull the three wagons, and the wheels roll.

A few worgs bark.

Myst stands and hums. Her hum sings the scene. 

The scene spans over the desert. The train rolls a quick sprint away. The guards line is near. Kirra nd William walk slow aheads.

The small hugoblins stands and walks to Myst. She says as Spear pulls the cart. ,,I am Holdingtik. I am the First of the carts.'' He voice calm from strict tone to a relaxed flow of talk with a slight hint of tik at the end of each words. ''I find this night not all humans are worthless.'' She steps back and walks to the wrise with Spear. She whistles. She lifts up in arma nd finger.

Myst says, ,,It was Reighn who seen her song through me to mend the wagon with the music. It is Reighn you should praise for I am only an instrument to play her will.''

Holdingtik smirts and shakes head. ,,I am not a believer. I can sing.'' She points to mind. ''I see the mind and body more than the energies of...''

Myst hums. ,,There are many who wish not to worship and ot them I sing even if they wish not to sing with for their minds and bodies are their own.''

A big hugoblins walks from the caravan of the three wagons toward the slow rlling cart. 

Holdingtik steps with Myst. ,,You the first of the caravan of one cart?''

,,No,'' says Myst. ''We lead as one.''

,,One,'' says Holdingtik. ''One First for one group. One speaks group. Group follows. Many First for one group. Group walks no where. The sun shining kils First less group.''

Myst shrugs shouldrs and nods back. She hums to the words. 

,,Kirra,'' says Spear. ''Kirra is the first.''

,,EatFstitk, you help pull cart.'' HoldingTik looks at Myst. ''He pulls fast. He is strong. You let him pull?''

Myst looks at Spear. ,,Spear, can this one help.''

Spear looks at the Eastfstick, steps grabs on pole and pulls.

The round and thick hugobloin, EatFstitk grabs the other pull.

They pull the cart.

Holdingtik jogs with Myst. ,,I run with caravan. You roll behind. We help. You equal.'' And she runs to the carvan of three carts.

Guile snorts and mouth breathes. ,,Help you. Or help us.''

Myst hums.

the cart rolls.

The sun shines hot. The sky remains clear and blue. The sands flow from flat planes to rolling hills.

<addafter>
During the 17th night run, a wide row of oxgoilins with large tower shields strapped to heads and scarpping agains the groudn push from the sihlouettes. The oxgoblins walk in a row, almost like a wall to the set toward the caravan.

Pulltik shouts and waves edge to flat and strong surface of rock and class below a thin layer os sand.

The train slows.

All watch the row of oxgoblins with towershields push piles of sand from the roard. Hugoblins click and clack with the oxgoblins. The oxgoblins near the edge of the wind and flat road slow creating a slope for the piles of sand to roll like waves to piles along the side of the road. The oxgoblins kciks and puls a finger deep sand cover from the road top.

Behind the sand blow oxgoblins follow oxgobins pulling wagons of wood and glass pulling stacks and piles covered with tarps. Large wood barrells and boxes are tied to wagons and on the sides of oxgoblins.

Oxgoblins and wagons roll after soldiers wrapped in black cloth over hands, necks and faces step in unform in columsn sixteen wide and 256 seep leadning in formations before rows and columsn of soldeirs leading leage white furred words that are as large as bears and oxgoblins.

Wagons of feed and and water follow. 

A four square of soldiers lead a wagon from the train and shout, ,,WE SPEAK TO FIRST! WE BUY SHIT BAGS! WE BUY SHIT BAGS.'' The pull the wagon along the road. 

Pullitik and two other hugoblins pull shit sacks from carts and throw them on the soldiers cart.

The soldiers trade gold coins for shit bags. 

One person presents a glass cube to the soldiers, and a soldiers slaps the hand, and the credit cube falls into the sand.

,,Why do they by the waste bags we haul?'' says William as he stands next to Inle.

Inle leans in his saddle and visors brow with hand. ,,Like goblins, oxgoblins eat our waste. The waste helps them grow big and strong. But die young and smell.'' He nods to the Rise along the long and wide army train. ''The goblins like the shit.''

Guile sniffs, ,,And the hugoblins?'' 

Inle snorts. ,,No hugoblins. Maybe Orcoblins...''

Inle then caste a buzzing scratching feeling that Guile feels. 

All go silent and watch.

The rows and columns of oxgoblins lead by a team of soliders pull wagons upon wagons and wagons filled with piles covered with tarps.

Then a horde of golblins kept in a herd by two hugoblins riding large white furred worgs keeping them in order. The goblins shift and run and fight, but follow. Some gobins pause to eat oxgoblins shit then spit it about. Other stop to eat worg or hugoblins shit before three, four, five other fight for the shit fumed pile.

More rows and columns and soldiers walk after the wagons. Packs of worgs run around.

A train for wood and class carts of desert wrapped namads walks behind the train. Their oxgoblins sniff the shit left in trail leaves the black piles of oxgoblins shi
t stench rise.

The stench of oxgoblins shit fumes for many feet, but after the night. the piles thin and create small hard dirt clod like balls that crush under feet.

Another train passes near dusk.

Pulltik and another from the train travelling to the rise talks with Pulltik. They points. Then the train rolls on along the falt desert ground.

Then a wall rises from the ground.

</addafter>




The hard road speads three wagons wide. Wheel ruts and shallow foot prints fill with sand.

Bits of wagon, boxes, bags and piles of bones scatter sparce along the road. Axles and bones stick from the sand. Shirts and wraps flap with gusts and breezes. A dead body of an oxgoblins bones with bits of fresh flessh on bones lays on the side. Firepits, holes and markes line the raod. The then sand blows and the markers are forgotten.

A few caravans lay in camp as the train rolls past. Twice two hugoblins talk with Pulltik. A few guards remain with Pulltik during the talks while the other half rolling along with the train. Both times, Pulltik wanders with guard back to the train.

The train hard road of sand glass spans to the Rise.

The food sacks are emptied of grain and filled with shit. The piss collects in the glass cubes empty after water drank.

Kirra is put incharge of the water after Guile spills a waterskin's amount on the ground with the cart jostles through sand an dried ruts.

The cart wheels roll slow and deep. They pull and spin through a few deeps spot as the sand piles blow over road.

Spear tries to pull for an entire night, but has Guile bring Kirra to pull, so he can rest and walk the guard. He sleeps the day as William and Guile stay guard.

Guile usies the snores created from Myst and spread through the people to snore with his mouth and connect with their minds as he sits. He creates leaps through snores from one mind to the next to see through the eyes of other guards. Feeling of buzzing, sorrow, sunburns and cryings. He sees the people in lucid sex scenes than scapes to an arguing couple over heard by one sleepsing. Guile sees the mind of Inle while sleeps then he snores into Grisle's blank mind vibrating to hte breath he hears while Grisle's head lays on the oxgoblin's stomach. Guile then snores to sleep while he sleeps. 

For two nights Spear, William and Kirra pull the cart along the sands. Myst and Guile help to push.

Inle gets off his mount and helps push the cart over sand hill blows over road and ruts. The sand spreads to the glass with each kick step.

The kicks and pull until dawn.

Myst hums during the night and snores during the day. The soothing vibrations heal fatigue, pulled muscles, dehydration and sorrow. The song sing around the pack and inlse and Grills. 

Guile takes first watch and follows the snores through the people as the sun rises. He feels hate between people and hunger. He feels fear, worrie and planning. A mind spanning from Inle and three other snores castes a plan of maze to result in food and water. Guile sees dreams of thieving food for life. Guile feels fright of open. He stares through the eyes of guards walking into the sun and through the mind of a worg pacing around the wagons of Holdingtik.

On the eighteenth night, Holdingtik orders Eastfstick to pull the cart after both Kirra, William and Spear tire after a night of deep sand waves flow over road.

The flat desert during the night spread to rolling hills. The hills cast shadws over the roads.

Short glass walls rise on the side of the roads. The walls rise to about the height of William's waste. 

The guard narrows its rows to fit into the row. The warriors a few leaps from the next. The wagon train only rolls three wagon's wide. Inle and Grisle rise their cart near the wall.

The glass roads spans with only a thin spread of smand over surfaces. Small piles of side rise for the corners of the wall and road.

The train rolls slow. It rolls past wide gaps between the wallss that flow to sand hills, sand piles and open pits. 

Burnt word, sacks, pile sof shit litter a few of the camp grounds.

William and Spear are sent to search a few of the camps on the nineteenth night.

A pile of shattered grass spread from a fart. Burn logs and ash spread around. The sand covered hundreds of foostep. A rotting horse with meat still stuck to limbs lays at the fare end.

William says, ,,Remeber Buckey?''

Spear snorts. ,,Yes, my friend.''

They share a stare as they walk around the large sand ring then jog back to Pulltik and th erest of the row. They report and walk in silence. 

Before the sun shine above the horizon of rising dunes, the train guids between open parts of wall and roll into a sand pit camp.

The sleep, eat, guard and pull the cart with the train for another night.  

During the night Guile snores, coughs and sniffs to span the ticks and acts of people to mimic him. He flows through with the mimic in to their mind then sees to the scene around. He then uses snores and maons, coughs and sniffs to mimic and match with the mind of the one he focuses. Then like blinking between dreams, Guile conects and enters a nother mind.  
 
Guile feels a wake mind sneaking the shadows and sniffing after a sleeping person sniff. 
 
Guile follows the mind to another wagon.  
 
The body of the mind moves slow and lifts tarp and grabs water from the cart.  

Guile blinks at the cart behidn and sees no one. In mind he sees the body run away with a waterskin and into the shadows and to a cart near the edge of the camp near the raod entrance.

Guile sees through minds then thinks back through minds to his body. He waits until quarter sun and wakes  William.

William snort and stops snore. ,,Guile. Is it...'' He rises and squints.

Guile sniffs. ,,Seen minds. Seen theives taking water. Food. Felt people angry. Need watch on cart. Need to protect.''

William nods. ,,I will wwatch. I will talk with Myst for her music my have a sound that protects...That creates an alarm or... '' He yawns and shrugs shouldrs. ''Sleep guiles. You need rest. I will watch as wait for the zenith then wake Myst fore her watch.

And William watches. He sits in the shade and stares around the carts.  
  
The sun rises and he shakes myst to being awake.  
  
Myst's snore stops and she shakes to awake.

A Inle, Spear and a few sleeping in a caravan near stop their snort, snort and then breath calm.  
  
,,Myst,'' William says, ''I have had word from Guile informing me he has witness theft while searching for Love's purr in the mind.'' He looks to Inle's camp and the camps around. ''I know the song of Reighn sing from you, but we need it to sing for us for we need to sleep. We nee...''

Myst hums and William feels to stop talking. She says, ,,I sing for Reighn of a song to surround while we sleep and play for us and the mind of the thief if one enters.'' She smiles. 

William touches Myst's face with steel hand.

Myst's music stop. She feels a void and cold. Her body freezes, and she pulls away.

Willima pulls his hand away. ,,Myst...''

Myst hears the sing and warmth spread through body and mind. The song pounds to being in mind. It thumps and drumbs. ,,What did you do?''

William says, ,,I touched you with the hand once covered with the guantlet.''

Myst hums and grabs William's hand. Her is a wheeze. He breath short. A discord of strings drums rumbles through mind. Her head thumps.

William pulls his hand away and leans back and crawls. ,,Myst. Myst can you hear me? Can you?''

Myst shakes heads. A void flows through mind. She hears her self talk before feeling herself talk. ,,I hear you William, but you sound like an echo distant that come close. The song see to me a sight of chaos and empty void of nothing.'' She grabs William's gauntlet and hums. Her hand become cold.

William feels no touch of Myst and stares. The song in mind stops. ,,I don't hear the song.''

Myst hums and the hum vibrates cords of string that shake sphere ripples between objects chiming. ,,Alteration magic beyond skill of one has made your hand steel with the strength from the mystical to the divine to...'' Her hums stops. Both her hands grabs William's hand. All the vibration colors and shapes settle to black and she feels choas silence rage pain. She feels and hums to...

Myst is choked.

Myst can't breath.

She tries to sing and gets a wheeze. The wheeze feels the pressure of a hand chocking.

The wheeze shows Myst William's steel hand around her neck. The steel hand chokes her.

William's steel hand lays on the ground with Myst's hand on top. 

William looks at the steel hand laying on groung. His other hand helps balance his lean under the shade. He sees Myst's hand fidget.  

Myst's song stops.

William looks at Myst's face.

Her throat is flexed, and she wheezes.

,,Myst,'' says William.

Myst hears William, and her wheeze song sings to her that the steel guantlet is choking her. 


MYst grabs at her throat and digs into skin to pry William's hand from throat.

William says loud, ,,MYST.''

Kirra, Spear and Guile wake.

William grabs Myst's throat and pulls away her hands.

Kirra sees Willam grasping at throats then pulls Myst's hands from throat.

Myst feels the steel hand release hold. She breaths and wheezes. Myst releases William's hand and stares at William

There is a flicker of sight with sound, and Myst sees William pulling against her hand.

Spear grabs William's steel hand. His hand feels to freeze.

Guile rolls to side and pulls the hood over face. ,,We live. Wake if dying.'' He throws open the robe of Reighn.

Fumes of sweat and shit flow and blow.

Spear sniffs. ,,What happened?''

,,Her throat constricted, and her hands grabbed her throat while we sat here looking at this hand.'' William raises the hand and pushes back against the ground and stands outside the shade.

A few clicks click from being, and  a hugoblin wearing the white and gray sheets over breatplate an helm. ,,You attack, human.''

Kirra steps from unders shade and holds knife at side.

William steps and sways stance, squints, ,,I am William Westmore and  want to stand from under the carvan.'' He puts hand on long swords hilt and clenches steel fist.

The hugobilns stands straight and tall. The hugoblins raises shield. ,,Swinglik, I guard for caravan.'' He looks at Kirra.

William smiles. He grabs a watersskin. ,,Would you like to drink so water?''

The hugoblins raises hand. ,,I don't want to drink from a human waterskin.'' The hugoboins walks by William.

William lets his had fall from sword hilt. He grabs waterskin and drinks.

Kirra peers at William. ,,Myst was choked says Myst. Seen you choking.''

William raises empty hands. ,,My hand only came close to her throat to pull away her own hands that felt to be pulling the arm.'' William steps to keep and around.

KIrra seteps before William and prevents the path of William into the shade.

Swinglik steps a caravan away and slows step, look back.,,Myst,'' says William. ''Hear your song of Reighn and sing for my faith and love. See and hear me.'' He kneels and looks from the sund to the shadow. ''Though my steel fist may be an abonimation it didn't at any time choke.''

Myst rubs her throat. ,,It was with Reighn I seen the hand.''

Willam falls to hands and knees.

Kirra steps near.

William says, ,,You held my hadn, Myst.''

,,Queit,'' says Guile. ''Sleep. Sing the alarm. We sleep. We talk later.

Kirra says, ,,I watch. You sleeps.'' Spear sits between Myst and William.

Spear says, ,,We sleep. We talk."

MYst runs throat and says faint. ,,And Reighn will watch. She glances at William.

Spear says, ,,We sleep.''

Myst hums and calms. The sound spread around the caravan and fades with the breeze. She hums and snores and the heats shines. 

Then it is night. The pack awakes with slow and unease. 

Inle and Grisle fold pavillion. ,,YOu better rise and be ready.''

Spear and Kirra rise. Kirra grabs the cart. Spear loads the cart. William fills the water and grain sacks.

William walks from the cart to the back of the train.

Kirra grabs the poles of cart and pulls. Spear walks to the guard position.

Myst rubs neck and feel the song from her sooth the pain and the mind. She sees a whistle toward William.

The whistle

Guile sneezes and yawsn.

Inle yawns.

Guile sees from yawn to yawn and into Inle's mind.

Inle's mind links to Grisle then seens through a few people humming Myst's hum of the caravan before.

Guile stands and thinks.

Spear bumps him as carries a pack to the back of the cart. ,,Lift.''

Kirra grabs the cart handles.

Guile hears Spear, but stands.

Myst grabs a bag an grunt through hum and lifts it over shoulder, stumbles and flops into the the cart in the time it takes Spear to move three.

The sacks are packed. The water filled. The cart rolls to the Rise as Spear walks to the Set and the guard.

Spear walks with William near the edge of the wall. Spear looks at the other guards and at William.

The walk in silence for the night of walking. William nods away from the guard and pulls for Kirra. 

Kirra looks at William and guards.

The twentyth night steos in silence.

Guile's mind is the only mind aloud with thought as it flows through the train seeing through worgs, hugoblins and even a dwarf dressed in thick sheest and hiding fac
e.

The thought becomes a headache to Guile that he soolths with thoughts of creating maze around his thought.

The cart pulls smooth. The train rolls between the hills and the glass walls on the sides.

The twentith sun rises breaks the hills and castes shadows long. 

Guile's throbming mind guides him to the shadows as soon as the tarp is spread and pinned down by sacks of food. 

William and Myst sit an othere ends. Myst sings the voice and hears Rieghn and feels a song of string sing from William.

She rubs here throat and lays in the shade singing a ring song around the cart and saying, ,,No shall pass here unless we will it.''

Spear says, ,,I take the quarter watch.'' 

Kirra nods, sleeps. William and Myst snore together.

Guile slips to sleep letting the head pain fade from mind and body.

Spear watche from quarter sun to half sun. He walks by two carts with a canopy and twoard three carts.

Some one shouts. ,,YOU GIVE!''

Some hugoblins clicks and clacks.

,,I KILL YOU!'' shouts a voice.

Spear walks around the two carts.

The three carts create a triangle.

,,YOU DIE THIEF SCUM!''

Two hugoblins wrapped in desert cloths grable and pushe at each other.

People stand from under and around the carts.

,,STOP!'' and ,,HELP!'' and ,,GUARD!'' are shouted by voices.

Sheets and tarps are knocked to ground.

Spear runs to the fight.






