Fridged air blows through the doors. 

Moonlight illuminates a flat plane of grass in a cove surround  sheer mountain walls span into the illuminated night. One moon shines its light through the open side.

,,The sun shines rises and follows that moon to morning,'' says Hern.

,,That's Carlos," says William. 

,,Yes," says Hern. Hern steps through the double doors and onto foot tall grass.

Kirra steps between Minst and Myst and steps past Hern, who stands and watches Kirra run through the field.

Jan steps between the spread Minst and Myst and walks through the doors past Hen and walks through the grass feeling the a burst of fridged air over her face pushing back and off the hood of her cloak and pushes and dries tears.

Minst stands. His legs tremple and settle. His eyes close.

Myst pulls the cloak tight around shoulders. William puts hands over ears and snow mist blows from above   and through the tunnel. 

,,Cold," says Spear as he stands still with bear legs, arms and face. "COLD!" He hollers.

,,Cold, cold, cold,'' echoes through hall.

Spear slaps William and Minst on the back. "ALIVE." He hollers.

,,Alive, alive, alive," echoes through hall.

He steps by Hern. 

Hern steps from the doors and over grass followed by Spear, William, Minst and Myst.

A small house is buitl against the innermost part of the surrounding sheer moutain wall like a larget lean-to leaning agains the moutain wall. The roof rock slats rested against the mountian wall . Dim lights shine through from the windows along a flat wall between the leaning stone roof and the vertical rock wall like halk an of the letter A.

The wind gust and blow snow mist to the corners of the cover near where they walk. The grass crunches under foot step. 

Then a few sheep bah and beh and talk as the scamper from a very distant rock wall. They white coats stark against the moon light spread from distant snow line as they her to a close pack.

,,Kirra needs to kill,  eat raw flesh, sit naked on the ledge," says Spear.

,,If she feels the need for a fresh kill then let her eat the flesh of these sheep.'' Hern walks and slows walk to walk with William, Minst, Myst and Spear. He looks up and back and around. ''Come, we will find cloths, hats, gloves and I'll draw a map while we warm with some tea."

They nods. The breath white puffs. Their jaws chatter and skin chills.

Wind gusts, blows, whistles then howls with push tipping the pack forward. The ends of hoods and tunics and cloaks flap and pull.

They walk by a cave wide and tall as a tree. The cave is covered with a flat stone will build of big rock bricks and stacked from bottom to top. In the middle fills a two large metal doors with large steel rings hooked to the doors.

,,THE BARN," hollers Hern.

,,COLD," hollers William.

The walk behind Hern along the walk wall and through a thin crust of snow from the frozen slope blown against.

Spear begins to shivers and shake.

When blows and trembles.

Hern leads them up some wood steps to a porch and wall of window.

Beyond the wall is a wood table then a counter then an area with a basin pot over an open fire pit on one half. And seats circled around a card table near a fireplace with a staircase spiralling up. And beyond further a hall spans to distant.

Hern press on part of the glass near where the sheer rock wall.

A glass door pivots and reats against stone.

Hern opens the door and points inside. ,,Please, welcome to home."

Myst, Minst, William then Spear step through doorway and from fridge cold wind and snow mist and into warm and dry air filled with the smell of lamb fat smoke mixed with bread fumes.

Hern steps inside letting the door slowly close.

Minst, William and Myst walk by the card table to to the fire.

Spear looks around the house, nods and says, ,,You live here. Not under the surface.''

,,My wife lives here. She is the farmer. It's her farm house." Hern opens his read robe revealing a white wool tunice casting a bright glare from the fire light. Leather boots of light tan warp around to knees. Red pants plume from boot top and flow under tunic bottom.  
 
,,Do you not miss your wife?" say Myst.

Hern says, ,,I live here too. I do have a small room in the moutain, but  my time and studies are done here." He lays the robe on a cushioned chair near the card table a blows on his hand as he walk to the pot over the open pit and the red coals fuming smoke around the pot and through a funnel to a chinmey. "Food." He says. "When was the last time you ate?"

All feel the hunger seeping through the bitter cold and the longing to be free of the mountain consuming thought.

,,Too long," says Spear.

A snot and gag then a long snow sounds from the hall.

Myst smiles. ,,Hern, is that your wife?"

Hern nods and takes a ladle hanging from the funnel above the pot and open fire pit and dips the ladle into to pot. ,,She enjoys the sun more than the moon light." He lifts soup to lips and sips. He points to the shelves coverd with white wool. "Bowls are behind sheet hanging over the shelves. To the right top shelves. Spoons and forks. They are in the a tray near the basin

A slow snort flows and comes a steady snore coming from a room down the hall.

,,Doesn't you wife enjoy the life under the mounts," says William.

,,No. It's not where she was born and raise in the mountain," says Hern.

,,Are there many settlements of dwarves out of the mountains." Myst walks over to the selves and grabs bowls and forks while Minst, Spear and William stand by the fire.

,,Yes, but she came not from the the villages of dwarves, but the villages of human in the valley below,"  says Hern  as he lowers the ladle into the pot. 
 
Spear and Minst and William look over to the kitchen area and pot.

Myst takes the bowls and spoons and sets them on the counter taking one spoon and bowl over to the pot to stand by Hern. ,,His your wife a human?" smiles Myst.

Hern nods and smiles and unhooks another ladle from the chimney funnel and holds it befor Myst. ,,Yes, she is a human."

Myst grins, takes the ladle and lifts and pours lamb stew into her bowl. Her grin lowers with the words. ,,It must be trying living with one who is..."

,,Not dwarven," says Hern. "It was at first, but with reality being she as wererat it was easy for most to accept her."

,,Was she infect like Spear?" says Minst.

Hern looks back to Minst. ,,No," He lifts and sips from ladle. The says smacking lips.  He looks at Myst. "Her parents lived in the valley. Her parents were wererats. Her dad was a tinker and her mother weaver. They travelled and sold goods and service."

Myst fills her bowl and puts the ladle on the hook on the funnel.  

Spear, Minst and William walk from the fire and to the bowls and spoons, grab spoons.

Hern nods after a pause. ,,Her family kept the secret until they did. She tried, but her secret, but that secret was discovered, and she was hunted." He lowers the ladle and hooks it on the edge of the pot. He clears his throat. His voice is low and shaking. "When." He clears throat. "We I found her she had been beaten, stoned. She and her strong will guided by fate to find the wall and the chain path and this."

,,I am sorry for her suffering," says William filling bowl. 

Her snore fills the hall and fades into the kitchen.

All smile. The fill bowls and sit by fire and stare at its frame. They take turns to visit the water closet to relieve the bowls. The eat and stare at the fire until the flame become flicker and red coals.

The fire pops and snaps.

Hern lifts his empty bowl and sets it by the basin. He says while walking back. ,,You are welcome to remain here as long as you please. I know it may take a tick of time to adjust to the surface." 

,,Thank you," says Myst. "For everything." Tears pool. She wipes under eyes and sniffs.

William clears thoat and sniffs and blinks away moisture. He stands and bows. ,,It has been an honor and privledge and an education." 

Spear nods.

,,Maybe we could remain to adjust," says Minst smiling.

,,No," says William. "Each rotations-"

,,Cycle," says Minst.

,,Each cycle we wait the goblin army grows." William walks and put his bowl and spoon by Hern's. "And Shake."

,,Always, And Shake," says Myst. "Maybe he froze?"

William glances at Myst then glenches is guantlet covered fist and jaw. He walks past the pot and group and to the door. ,,Will the wind break and calm?"

,,The morning the wind calms. There will be sun light to help illuminate your path," say Hern.

,,Very well, we will wait for the sun," says William. "I could use a rest."

Hern yawns.

The fire pops. 

Snores seep through the hall followed by a snort.

Hern stretches. ,,There is a bed up the stairs. There is desk, too." Hern nods at the cushion chairs and sofas. "Or sleep were you fall." He looks at the companions. "I will get you coats and hats and gloves then I must sleep for the rotation has been long and beyond my old bodies strenght." 

William nods. Spear nods. Minst sips on some soup. Myst smiles.

Hern winks and walks up stairs.

The four companions in side eat their stew standing around the warm pot trying not to break the silence beyond the steady snore.

The two companions outside stand at the ledge of the cover lookin at the stars and the dots of light scattered through the valley. Jan and Kirra and side by  side as the wind gusts push past and swirl behind. They stand and stare and do not move. They inhale the thin flowing air filling lungs with cold.

Kirra smiles.

Jan stares at the hundreds of small fires spread through the vaste valley defined at its edges by the moon light.

The sheep behind them huddle agains the rock wall in a tight pack.

They stand. They stare until the feelings of tensions and pressure of a moutain cave are blown from their minds. 

The chills seeps through the tight leather armor of Kirra, but she feels only warm from the garments underneath.

The moss and wool robe of Jan warm her body. Her face red with cold.

Kirra looks over the valley and says, ,,They horde beyond the swamp."

Jan hears the soft voice through the gusting wind and says with equal softness that finds its way to Kirra. ,,It's all connectecd."

Kirra looks at Jan, who stares over the dark value. Kirra says, ,,We will kill the horde." She steps from the ledge and through the fronze grass, by the flock of pressed sheep and to the steps of the house.

Jan follows poking her staff into the grass filling is life force connect and spread with the grass warming the way.

They both enter finding William, Myst, Minst and Spear sitting on sofas looking through coats, hat and gloves.

William's armor lays piled near the glass door by the packs.

Scabbards and sheaths lay near a fireplace. Two hammars rest by William and Spear. 

Kirra stands by the window and knocks as Jan walks up the steps behind.

Minst puts down a pair of gloves on to the top of the table and walks over to the glass and pushes upon the glass door. ,,Hello." He smiles. "Please come in. Hern is sleeping. We are finding cloths to wear and eating some stew."

Kirra steps in followed by Jan stomping off the snow. ,,When we leave?" says Kirra.

,,Morning," says Spear.

,,Yes, we reason the light will best illuminate our path from the moutain to the valley," says William. 

,,What part of the Cycle is it?" says Minst.

,,Dark Zenith," says Kirra.

,,Tired," says. "Feeling light headed."

,,The height," says Jan. "The air light."

William picks out a pair of leather gloves that are a little oversized and then takes only one. He looks at the gauntlet and clenches it. 

,,When was the last time you took the gauntlet off, William," says Myst. She glances at William and grabs a robe of hide and fur. She throws it over shoulder and pulls it around. The bottom hangs above the knees.

,,Rotations ago," says William.

,,Cycles," says Minst.

,,Nothing fits," says throwing the robe on the pile. 

Spear picks the robe that Myst threw down and tosses it over shoulder. 

The robe covers his broad shoulders and chest, but hangs only to the waist.

The cloths are separated by size. The food in the bot is ate. The companions sit and look over the cloths and their items letting time pass in silence.

Spear finds a dwarven rope that makes for a good jacket. Then a pair thick hide and covered in fur he pulls around the waist. The leggs pull up to the top of his boots. Spear eats and thinking and stares at his war hammer. He sleeps and dreams of running through the caverns with the pack...

No dreams for Myst as she a couple shirts that sagg at the shoulders and pants that fit tight after pulling a rope through and tying them off. Cloths found and body tense, she sits on the floor eats stew and softly taps the drum with the snore of Hern and his wife then soon with Reigns. She sleeps...

William takes off his gauntlet and feels the pull of it leaving the body. He looks at his clean hand and clenches. He eats some stew and looks at the gauntlet as his hand begins to burn, the mind behind to want the hand covered, so he puts the gauntlet over hand and and straps it to forearm. He cleans his armor and sets the the a fur cap and a thick leather hide that hangs to his knees on the floor then lays his head on the cloths pile and sleeps...

Minst tries to remain awake reading spells and thinking of what the tomorrow will bring, but after finding a jacket and a pair of pants that rise above the ankle The leather cloths thin and sturdy and adorned with relief like art over the surface. He sits by the fire and checks the stitching of his pack. He looks at the dragon scale components and the flower bits given to him. He reads spells and falls asleep with the spell weave creating magical tapestry in his mind...

Kirra doesn't sleep nor search for cloths. She eats in silence then leaves for the dark and the cold. She sits on the edge of the cliff and looks over the valley and lets the body feel the cold and the ground. She lays back and watching the stars shine above feeling the rush nature keep her wake as well as the closeness of Jan...

Jan eats and leaves the house soon after Kirra. Before leaving she files through her things checking for slime and finding only moss. She looks at the moss growing through her cloak. She grabs and feels the staff and feels it energy. An energy that helps warm as she wanders the flat field. She follows the sheep around and watches them graze adn sleep anf flock until finally she lays near Kirra and sleeps...

Warm and sun wake Kirra before it rises and beams upon all. Jan wakes next and both watch the sun tip push above the distand valleys of the mountain.

The sun beams shine on Kirra and Jan then spread to the sheep, the rock a the grass and the home. The sun beams warms the frost and to dew and the snow mist banks to ice the freezes with the cold chill of the morning.

The sheep begin to spread and graze of the planes. The sheep begin to talk and walk through the still warming grass. 

Kirra and Jan stare at the sun and feel it raise spread over faces.

A bark and a whistle ring in the morning with a bell.

The sheep run and spread away from a thick furred dog running over the grass and through the sun beams.

A tall woman stand in the grass new the wooden wall recessed into the rock. The woman whisltes and shouts, ,,KRIL!"

The dog runs around the sheep herding them into a group and running back and forth behind them guiding them to two huge open doors of the wooden wall.

Spear hears the whislte and the bark of the dog. He grabs his hammer and leaps to his feet hitting William's armor.

The armor clatters and clanks.

Minst, William and Myst wake and stare at Spear.

Spear grabs his hammer and steps to the glass window wall and looks around seeing a tall blond woman, a dog running through the grass and sheep circling and herding.

The dog barks and the sheep move.

Minst groans and rubs his head feeling a pain throb. He breathes deep barely feeling his lungs fill. ,,I need to lower," he mumbles to self as he stands and yawns.

,,WAKE UP!'' hollers hern as he walks along the hall wearing a night gown of red silk exposing his hairy feet. He holds a sack over shoulder and walks with a smile.

William groans, ,,I'm awake." He pushes himselft to a sitting position and rubs temples then begins to shift through his armor as Myst raises his heads from the drum.

The song fades from Mysts minds and the song flows through the body.

Hern tosses a rope to William and tosses the sack overs his shoulder onto the top of the table. ,,Shake's items.''

William stands with a groan and grabs the sack. ,,Thank you, Hern, again. If we find him I will return them to him."

,,I for one hope we do not," says Myst. He grabs her bowl from the table and walks to the bot and ladles some soup and eats. "Is there a water closest," she says after swallowing food.

,,Outside," says Spear.

,,Down the hall. The wooden door with a rain clouds on it." Hern sits by the fire place and picks up a poker and jabs and the coals. "I recommed tieing the armor with the rope and lowering it down with the pully."

William nods. He poinst to the sack. ,,What's inside?" 

,,Last it was open was after Shake put the last of his possesions in the sack."

,,I don't want to take that thing along not know what slime Shake may have inside," says Myst.

,,Look inside," says Spear.

William looks at Spear then Minst while clenching his jaw. ,,I will open.'' He grabs the sack, pulls the tie and opens the sack. His eyes open wide as he says, ,,The map." He then drops the sack and steps back.

