
A globin screams with the slide of rock and thump. There is goblin laughter.

A few rocks skip through oak branch and leaves and skip into water. 

Minst holds bag above head.

Minst, Myst, Carlos slowly step from rock to silt and sedge. 

Sedge slows short ripples. The sedge spreads.

Rocks fly through the trees and two goblins scream and laugh.

Spear steps into water holding the bastard sword horizontal over water.

William silently slips scabbard from waist and slowly slide in through straps between back and pack.

Kirra lifts and ties bow and qiver to top of back and pulls back high on shoulders. 

William and Kirra step into the water. William's foot slip, and william wobbles. Kirra grabs Williams shoulder. William steedies. 

Goblins laugh and shout.

A loud growl and snort from a hobgoblin is.

The goblin laughter and shouts stop. Rocks sliding and goblins steps start.  

Buckey wades and swims through the sage. Hooves dig and sink deep into the packed silt then they kick free. 

Spear poinst sword through sedge and past giant oak tree and deep into the swamp.

They float and walk and wade through the sedge an under the gaint oak tree. The sedge sways. The giant oak branch dip tips into water. The stop and stand from waist to neck in water.

Two goblins step through leave and branch cover and into the shaodow near the swamp shore. On goblin pushes the other goblin. The other goblin pushes back.

The walk to the shore and look through the sedge. They look up. They sit. They toss rocks into the water.

Rocks splash into water. 

Spear raises a hand points beyeond the shade of the tree into the open waters and the forest of cypress and hammocks. Then he puts palms together and spreads palms a few times then nods head. 

Myst, Minst, Jan, Kirra and Buckey nods.               

William looks back at the goblins the shrugs.

Buckey nods his head and lifts his tale. 

William wades waist deep in water. He lower then sinks with a dip and sway. 

A large ripple of water flows through the sedge to the shower.

The goblins stop tossing rocks. 

William, neck deep in water, walks to a paddle and paddle to Buckey. 

Everyone remains still. 

Two birds chirp. Goblins and hobgoblins grunt, growl, scretch and sqwack beyond the oak branch canapy. Rocks thumble from above and hit the water.

The two goblins stand at swamps edge and stare at the water and sedge. Their eyes fixed and focues. One goblin raises a hand behind the back of the other goblin then slaps its shoulder. The other goblin jumps an turns, slips, falls into sedge and water.

Splash!

Spear swims from under the shadow of the oaktree into the open swamp. He swims with little wave from the sedge and swamp weeds.

Myst, Carlos, Jan, Kirra, minst and Buckey with William follow Spear and the ripple and sound of the splash of the goblin and the laughter and shrills and snorts of other goblin.

The sun beams shine. Shadows equadistnt to tree top. The open waters buzz with tiny insect sticking to face. The rippls travel far from the group beat the water.

Splashes and kicks and snorts leave a wake of noise.

They swim through watter lillys and open water. Flowers and leaves and stems tangle in arms and legs.

Behind the walk wall rise above the great oak tree. 

A dart pokes through water by Minst's foot.

Goblins and hobgoblins gather around top of rock wall above great oak, and they gather near the shore by great oak. Two hobgoblins are tossed in the water and sedge with a scream.

The white smoke from the fires on top of the walk wall turns red.

Spear, Kirra, Jan and Carlos swim ahead of the group. Bucky pulls behind with Willim holding on to back. Minst and Myst stoke and kick and breathe. Minst swims with bag held above water and feeting kicking. 

Rocks from goblin slings hit water like hail stones missing Myst's and Minst feet by body lenght. 

Shout and chants, growels and barks, join the chorus of laughter and cackles of gathering goblin and hobgoblin at the shore of the swamp. Rusted swords and broken spears are raised next to twirl and throwing slings. 

Spear reach and hold the roots of a bald cypress. He bouyes and looks back at the swiming companions. ,,They're not getting in the water," he says louder than the splash of swiming.

He pushes into the water, swims past Carlos, Jan adn Kirra and to Minst. He grabs Minst bag and swims back to the trees with on arm and hand holding Minst's sack and sword above the above the water. 

Shodows of cyress cover. Sun beams outline trees and heat the warm water. Lilly flower and bads spread between the tree trunks. Two cranes swoop from tree top to tree top appearing to chase. 

Buckey swims past the tree line and continues path between tree trunks and through lilly pags. Hooves hit grounds then kick only water. 

William pulls plants from Buckey and reach for a better hold. 

They swim and wade and push deeper into the swamp.

,,They're not following," says Wiliam.

,,No," says Spear.

Kirra swims and strokes, says, ,,No need," strokes, "They have signal."

They swim and wade. The ground below rises up around threes and weeds. Lilly pads cover spots of water. 

Kirra and Jan stop swimming and stand on swamp bottom. Carlos find footing to poke head and hose above water. Buckey walk with strong steps. Everyone stands and breaths. They look behind of the ripples of their wake making a trail to the shore covered wtih goblins and hobgoblins.

They push deep into the swamp leaving sight and sound behind.

The buzz of insects, call of crane, the rattle of gritlan legs, the croak of frog fill the silent space. 

Something rubs against William's and Minst legs.

Buckey blusters and snorts spraying water. He kicks and rear legs.

,,I felt something, too," says William.

Spear hangs Minst's sack on a branch and dives into the water. 
 
Everyone else looks at water surface. Daggers and swords are unsheathed.

A slick and smooth surface wraps around Myst's leg then slips away.

,,I felt it," says Myst.

Spear splashes to surface. ,,SNAKE!" He stares at water surfaces and slashed back lilly pads.

,,It's looking for the weakest," says Jan. 

Buckey dips head into water thrashes back and forth. William pulls sword from back and slashing by Buckey's head. The sword hits and sinks into something.

,,I got something," says William. 

A large snake tail whips from water. 

Buckey's head lifts and shake side to side. Two pieces of a gaint snake fall and splash squirming and wipping as it sinks and settles between lilly pads.

,,We need to go now," says Kirra. Spear nods, grabs Minst's sack and give it to Myst.

,,Thank you," says Minst.

The group wades and walks through weeds and trees and brown water.

A smell like feces fumes from water. The shadows shrink. The sun beams heat and light. 

Small hammocks poke above water create tiny platforms of weeds and a few bird nests.

,,Tired," says Minst.

Carlos and Jan nod. 

Spear poinst sword tip forward. ,,There." He looks back. "There's enough dirt there for all of us."

The wade and step to a small hammock covered with weeds, thorn brush and cypress. The weeds in the middle matted and dying. A wide nest of twigs and branch weaves with weeds holding eggs. The ground sinks with step leaving foot puddes. Bugs swarm and spread and fly past. 

,,Here," says Kirra.

dripping with swamp water, pulling fines and lilly pad from legs and arms, they sit and lean against the trees.

Apples and pears, dried meat and vegitables are pulled from pockets bags. They are ate. 

They sit in silence and stare over the stagnet swamp. 

Sweat begins to bead and drip. Humid thickens and covers. It wraps around body pressing cloths to body.

Bugs land and tickle, bite, fly ways missing a hand slap.

Carlos slaps neck. ,,Where now?" 

Everyone looks at everyone. 

Flies and bettles buzz.

Spear looks up and turns and looks at tree tops. He points at and steep angle to tree tops. I will climb that tree and see what is beyond." He sinks into water and wades to a tall cybres. Hands and arms, legs and feet find grip, and he climbs.

William looks at Spear then the center and everyone, ,,We should eat, rest. Wait for spear to return. Maybe look what is around? Then move west through the swamp and from the canyon."

Kirra nods and stands. I will go look around. She looks a Jan. Jan smiles. Lift up a hand. Kirra grabs Jan's hand and pulls to help Jan stand. They kiss. The seperate and slip into water.

Minst opens his sack and pats the inside and grasps the small bags. ,,Dry he says." He graps an apple and eats.

Myst graps a pear from rope pocket. She wipes away some dirt and a root. She eats pear. ,,What do you believe we should do, Carlos?"

,,I like William's idea," says Carlos. "We should wait for Spear." He stands striaght and lifts up arms and hands and leans back let loose a groan. A smooth soft A flat flows from mouth. He humms and then bellows a low base. He slaps his neck. "BUUUGS," he sings. He flicks big fly from fingers. "BUUUUG MEEEEE..."

A snap of a branch silences the cicadas.  

Spear grabs branches with foot and hands. His body presses tight against tight. He climbs the tree above the other tree tops.

The sun shines on Spear. The clouds above begin gather around moutain peaks. Some columns rise in all directions.

Four columns of red smoke rise from the West. One near the location sleeping at night. Three rise from the area along the rock wall. 

Three yellow smoke columns rise from the South a titian's step away. Beyond the three yellow columns to the South and by the base of the moutian white columns of smoke rise.

Columns of smoke to the North rise white and spread over the tops of the trees.

To the East a few columns of yellow smoke rise near, and a few white columns of smoke rise far.

Spear looks down to the swamp and sees Kirra and Jan walk through the swamp. He looks down into the trees, the moutnains sides and the horizens. He slowly climbs down the tree.

Kirra and Jan walk through the mire and water and over hammacks around.

Kirra holds swords at side and bow with arrow notched and rested on bow shaft.

Jan rubs, smells and tastes plants. She put's her hand on a bald cypress root poking from the water. She smiles and nods.

Small nats swarm around then flow away. 

The stagnet air hold humidity had heat and soft stench of decay and feces. 

Gentle chatter of companions give direction to the rows and spread of tree trunks rising to the canopy of leaves and branch.

Jan sees a purple flow growing from a hammock. She wades and kicks water aside leaving Kirra's back to go to the side. She steps on the hammock, sinks and steps, then needs by the purple flower. 

Kirra hears a crane flopping wings. 

A cram flaps between the tree tops slowly swopping wings. 

Kirra raises bow, aims, releases arrrow.

Arrow sticks into crane. 

The crane falls into weeds on a hammock with splat. 

Jan looks up. She smiles and looks at the purple flower. ,,A Lax." She walks from the flow and wades toward Kirra. 

Kirra kicks and splashes to the crane, parts the weeds. 

The crane lays in a mound of black and brown and tan muds. Fumes of rot and decay flow over Kirra. 

Kirra gags, coughs. She steps and stumbles away from the weeds and stench wiping her eyes and shaking head. Her feet slip, and she falls into the water then stands. 

Jan kicks and splashed to Kirra. ,,Are you okay?"

Kirra nods, says, ,,Trolls."

,,Trolls!" She says with eyes wide and head pushing forward.

Kirra and Jan splash and kick through the water.

Buckey, kneed deep in swamp water and eating swamp grass, looks up.

,,What is it boy?" says William. He tosses a side an apple corea and grabs his sword hitl and stands.

Buckey nods toward the splash and kicking of water by Kirra and Jan.

Myst, Carlos, Minst and William stand looking around. 

The swamp still. The sunlight bright. Stangent water surrouds still weeds and trees moved only by the ripple of Kirra's and Jan.  

Carlos unhooks war hammer. William pulls swords from scabbard. Myst slides mace from robe. Minst reach in sack and pulls out a pouch.

Kirra slides arrow from quiver, notches arrow, pulls back bow string and lets bow string spring free.

An arrow flies btween trees and weeds, by Buckey and into a tree root sticking up from the water.

The tree stump stuck with arrow rises from the water followed by a long pointed head, thin neck and long arms, legs and body of a troll. A brown growth from shoulder holds the arrow. 

A deep scream rumbles and cracks then roars.

The trolls skin of gray and brown smears between wrinkles, warts, and small growths stiff and hanging on body. It's long skinny arms raise hight above. And its hands wrap long pointed fingers around arrow and snap in from the shoulder.

Three other trolls rise from water around Buckey, William, Carlos, Myst and Minst. Another crawls its tall bodey from a hammock pushing mudd and weeds away dripping and dropping mud and weeds has it slash and splash at the water.

Deep growls rumble from troll mouths.

One troll slices Buckey across the rump. Buckey kicks rear legs hitting the thigh of troll.

Two trolls step and slash finger tips toward Kirr and Myst...

Spear leaps from tree and hits head of troll then splash into two water.

One troll slashs pointed finger tips through Spear's splash. 

One troll swipe both hands at Kirra and Jan. It scrapes finger cross Kirra's elbow cutting skin and pushing aside bow.

Arrow flies hight through the forest and sticks in a tree top.

Two trolls rush to Minst, Myst, Carlos.

Minst pulls quano, claps hands, spreads guano, parts palms and says, ,,Thrank."

A ball of fire expands between rushing trolls, Minst, Myst and Carlos. A flash.Flames licks Carlos, burns the trolls, slams Myst to the ground.

Myst sticks head in water and blindly swings at trolls step splashing onto hammock swming wide  and blind.

Carlos steps back, closes eyes and swings troll hitting a swiping pointed fingers.

Buckey kicks, kicks, kicks troll standing behind by William. 

William  parries a hand swipe, ducks another, swings and slices finger of troll from its hands.

William screams, ,,MYST!" He swips sword hitting side of sword against forhear.

,,Fine," says Myst. She blinks.

,,OIL," hallors Kirra. She pulls short sword and dagger from scabbard and sheath slicing short sword to knock aside troll arms and sticking knife in trolls legs.  

Jan thrusts hands into bog water. The drops to knees grabing two fist fulls of weeds and lilly flowers. 

Roots, weeds, lilly pads wrap and cling and pull the trolls legs swiping at Kirra and the troll's legs and arms reaching for Spear.

Spear pulls and sanps some sedge and weeds. splashs and waves arms and hands hitting hilt of sword.

The troll before Spear yanks arms from water and slams arm agains Spear.

Spear steps back and swings bastward sword from water and missing the troll.

The troll spits at Spear. Spit lands on Spear's shoulder.

Spear screams.

,,ACID. WATER," says Kirra.

Spear dives under water.

A troll with eyes closed swings and spits and Carolos. Spit splashing into swamp. Carlos swings and slams trolls knee then steps back fulling a bottle oil from sash. ,,William!" He tosses the oil bottle to William.

William leans back away from troll swipe, stumbles away from a kick then swings sword at oil bottle.

Oil spreads over blade.

Carlos snaps finger. 

William's blade ignites.  

Myst looks at William's blade, grabs mace handle. ,,It's hot. Needs heat," she mummbles the says, "Need to burn."

The end of Myst's mace glows red.

Minst pulls from small pouch an metal sliver and points fingers at troll swinging wide while Carlos ducks the swipe. ,,Shrake!" says Minst. 

Six blue arrows shimmer to be then shoot from tips of Minst fingers slamming into the troll swipping at Carlos. One hits the troll reaching for Myst.

A troll swipes at william and cuts shoulder. Then swings and hits William with a back hand. A small stumb forms over where finger one was before Wiliam cut it off.

William flails to the water, falls, holds flaming sword above water. The troll kicks Buckey.

Buckey kicks breaking trolls wrist.

The troll screams.

Another tolls raors and bashes Spear into the ground then rips legs from roots, weeds and lilly pads wrapped around ankles. Spit flies from its mouth driping into the spray of Spear's splash.   

Trolls pulls and pulls and pulls at weeds and roots and lilly pads lunging at Kirra and Jan. 

Kirra dives into the water under the troll swipe and lung then pushes up through the water swinging with short sword wide of leg, but stabbing and sinking tip of dagger into the trolls waist. 

The troll rises up and slams fists upon Kirra's back knocking her into the water. The troll then swings a claw at Jan.  

Jan pulls staff from back and swings staff blocking the swipe of trolls. She slams a fist to ground. 

A column of water slams the troll over Kirra and the head causing it to stumble back toward Myst.

Myst blinds, sees only two blurs of trolls before her. She swings mace misses the troll and stumbles. She places a hand over face. "Please, I need to see. Please Reign." 

Carlos pulls a dart with a circulir tipped spear. ,,Myst, Minst, donw!"  tosses it.

Dart flies hitting the Troll before Myst.

Myst dives into the the water and Minst turns and steps away holding sack abovehead.

BOOM!    

A blast pushes Minst into the weeds and the mud of the hammock. The troll near mInst tips and stumble
look back at the troll near Myst.

Troll leg and part of waist float and sink into swamp.

Water splashes Carlos, William and Buckey. 

William swings flame sword cutting the troll across the chest. 

Buckey side jumps and lunges rear hooves at the troll hitting its shoulder.

The troll swings a back fist hitting the rump of Buckey during a third kick breaking its wrist and knocking Buckey down. The troll shouts and grasbs waist as William pulls free a faint flickering sword.

William lunges slashes too fingers of the troll.

Behind William and Buckey, Spear and Kirra and Jan fight two trolls. 

Spear crawls under the swamp water hunging over. He stabs and pushes bastard sword into troll's foot and push sword through the foot and pushes it into the ground.

A troll claw splash water and swipes two scratches across Spear's back. 

Spear swims and crawls between the troll's legs. 

Kirra pulls another knife from boot, grips short sword and stands swinging, slicing and stapping while ducking and dodging in fury. Her brains whip and turn and spin with each pivot and roll. 

Parrying and swiping at the troll, Kirra and the troll step away from Jan and to the side of the troll trying to fumble through the pain of a bastard sword sunk into foot. 

Minst tosses sack to a pile of weeds. Grabs the small pouch in palm and dumps the last of guano on palms, claps, spreads palms and says, ,,Thrank!"

BOOM!

A ball of flame blasts from epicenter of troll with missing leg and waist as it props self on hammack. The ball of flame encompases and pushes down the troll reaching claws toward Carlos.

Carlos ducks into water. He leaps from water grabbing hammar and knife and casting a glance at Minst. ,,Let us knwo." Carlos slams the pointed tip of his dagger into the smoking and smoldering flesh of the troll before him. He then yanks the hammar free and jumbs back from the swipe of the trolls hand and pointed fingers.

The troll knocked to hands and knees swats again. Two fingers slash Carlos's boot top, bants nad flesh cutting deep.

Myst slams red hot mace tip upon the shoulder of the troll on hands and knees.

The troll before William and behind Buckey bends and pops broken wrist then knocks William to the ground. 

Buckey kicks the trolls wrist breaking it a agian.

The troll raors and sprays acid on Buckey. 

Buckey kicks and spurs and falls into the swamp water. Then stands and gallops, splash and bucks and whinney and kicks behind the troll before Kirra.

,,OIL," Kirra shouts. She swings level hitting hip then dodging a bunch. this stabs the forearm.

Spear leaps to the waist then climbs  the back with the troll with the bastard sword through foot and ground. He stabs the back again and agian suffter cuts and slash from the troll swing blind claws and blows. 

Jan step back. She pulls off back, pulls open, dives hand in pulls out a stoppered bottle spilling cap into water. She tosses bottle of oil at the troll before Kirra. 

Teh bottle of oil flies past the troll and lands in the water.

Kirra dives in the water.

The troll above her sprays acid down. 

Myst hits red hot mace the smoldiering troll on hands and knees by Carlos and her. The mace slides and sears over the trolls chest side and cools with a puff of steam into the swamp water.

Carlos slams pike end of hammer on the side of the troll head.

A spray of acid flow from the trolls mouth and is followed by an arm swing at Minst.

The acid flies into the weeds and dirt. The arm swing and hand blugeoneds Minst on the thigh knocking him to the ground.

One troll by Myst lays floating motionless in water. It's long leg floats away.

William swing high hitting the bend of the elbow sinking blade deep.

The troll's forearm falls limp. It steps back turns and kicks and splashes through the water, weeds, lillye pads and trees. 

Spear stabs again and again the back of a troll.

The troll pulls sword from ground and twists and steps back slamming Spear agains tree again and again.

the other troll lunges and swipes and punches and Jan. 

Jan dives under the water and swims with deeps swoops from the flailing troll.

Kirra grabs the bottle of oil, pulls back and from the water away form Buckeys kicking and whinning, throws the oil bottle on the troll slamming Spear agains the tree. ,,FALL SPEAR!" she hollars.

The bottle shatters on the troll. Spear falls to the trunk and roots of the tree then rolls and bumps into the water.

,,I NEED FIRE."

Spear pulls sword from trolls foot.

Carlos turns, dips hand into sash rubing fingers over tip of ball tipped spear, pull hand free and snaps fingers, sings an csharp tone that flow to an f flat.

A small flame flashes by troll.

Flames cover the trolls chest, waist, head. 

Troll slams William on the chest. 

William flies back splashing into water. His sword stick in mud and weeds. 

The troll steps back, turns and splashed through trees.

William shouts above the burning screaming troll, ,,WE NEED TO GO!"

The flaming tolls dives into water. 

Spear swings sword slicing into water and troll's smoking leg.

Kirra sheaths sword and pulls out bow. ,,SPEAR!" She hollers.

Buckey kicks troll then kicks and splashes water by Spear, Kirra then Jan. 

Myst grabs his sack looks around and grabs the bag things left on the table. ,,Which way!"

Carlos hits the troll on the head with pointed end of war hammar. ,,East."

The trolls head goes limbs and falls into water followed by its arms, legs then body.

Myst, blinking and covering eyes, ,,NEED HELP." He mace tip dims.

Minst grabs Myst arms, ,,Sorry." 

William grabs his and Myst's pack. And helps Minst guide and steady Myst through trees after Jan, Buckey and Kirra.

The troll near Carlos raises head from water, screams hight then spit and spray acidic salivia. 

Carlos steps on hammock and weeds and dives at the backs of Minst, Myst, William. He hits they fall into water.

Acid spit spreads over Carlos's shoes.

Kirra turns, pulls back arrow and bow string, releases.

Arrow flies into eye of troll.

Splashing, kicking, dragging through knee and waist hight water, they leave tolls floating, crawling and moaning. 

Minst and William lift and hold and help Myst kick and splash through water.

Myst blinks and stares through through a world blurr with no boundries only shades blending with tones and textures. ,,Another sense to adjust through life. ...My sight."

Minst looks at Myst. ,,I'm sorry if I..."

Msyt smiles. ,,You need not be sorry."

Myst closes yes and feels eacy stop. She being her mummbles and soft talk. ,,A guider of the words humbliy needs more help. ...Yes...Yes its happending. ..No." She smiles. "Maybe I will seek you blessing for others..."

The moans and screams of trolls lower below kick and splashing of swamp eater.

Smoldering weeds and tree stumps of the battle ground disappear behind endless rows and colums of trees.

The kicks and swats and splash of water tired to wades and waves and ripples. 

Myst blurred boarders and shakes for edges and textures. She blinks and says and looks at Minst and William, ,,I believe I can walk my selft now." She winks and Minst.

Minst and William let go of her arms and shoulders.

The water level receeds to circle feet and anlkes. 

Feet and hoofs sink deep into mire.  

Carlos says between breaths, ,,Spear. What did you see?"

Spear looks back to Carlos, pushes aside weeds and sedge. ,,Smoke. Red smokie West. Some yellow campfire smoke near South slope. Clouds of smoke far to the south. Lots of campire smoke North East.

Kirra adjusts bow on back and pulls part weeds with short sword. ,,They're coming for us."

Spear nods and pulls boots from mud.

,,Yes," says Jan.

,,Why?" says Myst. He blinks away the blurr and sees the world of lines and textures and details. The weed blurr becomes weeds. "Don't carrvans and bandits come and go through here all the time?"

,,I don't know," says William. William smacks neck. "No one said anything to me."

,,Maybe because the goblins got them?" says Carlos.

,,I don't know. It does feel out of place, but..." William slops through mud, slaps need. "Why?" He looks at Carlos. "Could it be Branch?"

Carlos steps and sinks foot and ankle in the mud. He swats hand before face pushing away buzzing bugs. He stares forward., ,,What little I know of Branch, I would believe goblins below Branch's worth." 

,,And Shake's dream?" says William.

Carlos looks at William. ,,A dream. Beyond that..." Carlos looks forward, shruggs. "Faith and fate guide answers."

Carlos words fall silent. 

Muds squishes, water puddle splashing, bugs' buzzes, birds' songs surround. Cicadas and crickes chirp.

The water rises. The mud depends. Small rock and boulder piles rise and lower with incline ground.

Weeds, sedge, rainbow flowers, moss and vines spread and cover the muddy gound trapping heat and collecting the humidity.

The sun above. The sun shine illuminates the shadows.

The shuffle and shake of weeds and vines create a path of swaying blants in wake of small racoon. 

Trees and weeds span front, back, left right around. 

,,Are we sure we are going East?" says William.

Kirra nods, says soft, ,,Yes." She rumbs face at a spot of metled skin. A deep burn surrouds the spot. Cuts on her arms burn and stink. Puss flows from clotting wounds. Deep red rims the skin's cut edges.

Spear's chest burns and small needles of pain stab deep with a deep breath. He grabs his side feeling the broken rib and the broken fingers with the press focusing pain away for the scraps and cuts on arms, legs, back and check.

William looks at has lines and spots of blood. His cloths hang in strips and threads from arms and legs. A long rip along pants follows a parrellel line with a stinking, puss field, gash. Pain begins to spread throuh his body. With each pull of foot from the thickening mud a dull pain become sharp.

The mud becomes soft dirt squishing and shifting with each step. The weeds become swamp brush. 

A flock of cranes swoop and fly South and North flying above the tree line.

Mounds of rock and dirt rise and lower between trees. Small and large holes open under rocks, dirt mounds and tree roots.

A family of small racoons scurry North to South before the walking band and into the weeks. 

The bird singing above lowers then become silent.

A few dragon flies flutter around.

Mud mounds and rock piles rise and lower.

Singing birds above stop singing and take flight.

A cold flow of sense flows over body. ,,I feel something," says Spear. He stops, and he looks North. "Something."

Minst, Myst, Carlos, William, Kirra and Jan stop. 

Kirra hears thumps.,,I hear something," says Kirra.

,,Drums," says Jan.

,,From the North," says Spear.

,,Goblins," says Williams.

Faint shout and cries join the low bumps of drums. 

Birds fly over North to South above.

Spear climbs up a tree and peers over the brush. ,,The view is hidden."

A line of deer appear for brush and run back into brush Goblin shouts and hoots. 

The drums beat slow. 

Spear peers and squints. He stands on a branch and visors hand over brow.

In the distant groups of goblins run from brush and trunk to trunk. 

Spear jumps from tree, land on ground. ,,It's a goblin horde." 








