Flare rides on a large rat like a warrior riding a war horse.

Being flare lead a rush or rats running over the desert plains through the forest and to a city of stone buildings reaching hight in to the sky.

The horde of rats runss through the stone streets  between stone buildings rising and casting shadows over the stone sidewalks and cutters.

Hugoblins walk the streets and talk in groups, sit by store fronts eating plates of steaming eggs with toasted bread. They talk and talk as the rat pack runs past.

The rat pack runs into the shadows and down the streets where the acquiducts and the under ground river meet. The rat pack spreads as rats run into gutters.

Flare and the big rat run to the ceneter of road intersection.

The rat stands on hind legs, and Flare leans forward on staddle on rat's back and grabs tufts of fur.

The giant rat grabs a wide circular cover of a hole to the deep dark. The giant rat leaps into the hole and Flare grabs on to the fur of the giant rat...

FLARE HITS THE FLOOR.

...Flare blinks and sees the dark caste around. She hums.

A glowing light hovers in center of small square room.

Flare lays on the ground and looks at the glowing light.

The light shines over her obsidian chest, glass chair and desk with quill and ink resting near parchment.

Flare closes eyes and focuses upon a sphere. She hums an see the vibration in mind.

The vibration expands and from a vibrating sphere.

Mummbling and whispers speak through the vibration and into Flare's mind echoing and flowing like whisper in a great room.

Flare sees to the trust of sound. >Where is Guile?<

A ring of bell shifts.

Flare feels and sees darkness and smells piss, rot, sweat like a wet pig. She hears a vibration moan of snoring coming from Guile. Flare  focus the trust sphere and pushes the vibration at Guile.

Guile, in his room sleeping of nothing, wakes to darkness. He feels a hum like his snore sound through mind. He focus on the hum and wraps the hum in a ball and tosses it from the plane of thought to space. He sees to Flare. >The Light Rises Bright.<

Flare stands and dips a water into a basin and cleans, sees, >Sun light santized. Bright light blinds.<

Guile sniffs, grabs dirty gray suit and blows nose. He wipes clean parts of gray suit of over wrists and hands. He pulls his gray suit over body. He grabs his heart dagger and branching armor and wine flask. He sees to Flare. >Where put things.<

>You bring to me,< sees Flare.

Guile grabs water pitcher and drinsk wall walking hall to Flare.

Flare pulls on gray suit over body. She pull on gray sockes and kick son gray boods tieing together the strings of hide.

Flare stares and slows the vibration of the hive. She kneels and touchs the obsidian chest. She hums and thinks of the dream of rats as her fingers press in muscle memory order. 

The buttons slide in and out. 

Flare opens the lid of the obisidian chest.

A breats blates, cleanming short swords and scabbard of mithral steel, a pack, a figurine of a dog, a beilt with daggers and coin slots, leather boots and  the glass cube.

Flare grabs the belt and glass cube.

She unfassens the gray suit, looks over shoulder.

The door is closed. No blurred sihlouettes walk past door.

Flare slides beelt around her nake hips and waist. she pulls it tights. She fastens her gray suite

A sihlouette stands before door.

,,Enter, Guile,'' says Flare.

Guile pushes the door and steps in.

Flare sees, >You put the heart dagger in the chest, and I will shut the chest.<

Guile sees only to Flare. >Trust know how to open? Show me how to open?<

Flare says, ,,We practice trust.''

Guile closes the glass door, pulls branching armor wrapped in heart dagger, wine flask, coins and tosses the bundle into the chests.

,,You have your glass cube,'' says Flare.

Guile nods and pinches the glass cube to show Flare.

Flare nods. ,,We eat, get you a gray suits for work and sleep. We will go to the washes. We will work. WE will eat. We will sleeps.'' Flare sees to Guile. >We will find the players of the other team.<

>Who on our team?< sees Guile.

Flare stesp through the door. She sees, >We are on our team.<

Flare leads guile to eat in the dinning hall below, work in the Warriors Waiting; The Hall to The Dome and The Pit and under the bleechers.

Flare works and watches and listens to Guile's thoughts during the cycle.

Guile works and thinks. He finds a gnome gray working in Warriors waiting to connect to using the gnome grumbling sigh. The sigh echoes in Guile's mind, and Guile connects. With the connection, Guile feels two thoughts string to the gnome.

The gray gnome fall onto a pile a sheets then wakes after Guile leaves with Flare to dump more dirty towels. 

HkOlikKAYkik and two grays take the gray gnome away. 

Flare sees to Guile as they empty the towels down the hole. >You should not connect with another this cycle.<

Guile smiles. <Two grays in Warriors Waiting found the tap.> Guile leaves.   

The light passes with the work.

They eat, and they watch an illusion of a glittering human and a red minotaur fight with a group of grays smelling of trash and sweat.

Guile connects to a half-efl near sleep and sends a pshyic shout through the area.

One then two feelings of connection reply and are felt through all the thoughts and mummble of the minds around.

Guile ends the connections before those thoughts find his thought teathered to the half elf's mind. He leave sthe mind with the residue of the connection from a strong and weak mind.

Flare doesn't feel the connection, but watches Guile stare.

She watches and waits and leads Guile back to his room before sleeping.

Flare leaves Guile feeling the sphere of thought of Guile floating away from the arau vibration of the trust. She walks and thinks and lets the focus flow.

Mumbles then whispers spkear through her mind. She hears a laugh, focuses on the laugh, follows the laugh to a feelling fo being tickled. She walks the hall and thinks deeper to feel tickles spread over her body. She walks with stare into her room, shuts her door. She lets suit and belt fall to fllor and  lays naked on bed and looses body the tickles becomes rubbing and the laughter become moans to an orgasm felt through the mind trust.

Flare sleeps and dreams of riding the giant rats and leading them in a march.

Guile dreams Flare's dreams and he watches naked Flare ride the giant rat from desert and through a forest, swamp and a stone city.

They wake. 

Flare smells piss and sweat and sees to Guile. >You need to bathe.<

Guile sniffs his pits thinks, <Can't smell me.>

>I smell you,< see Flare as she rises dresses, mets Guile, and they walk down the stares to the Gray Common Area.

Flare taps Guile's shoulders. ,,We to the furnance area for a bathe.''

The walk past the tables of eating grays; they walk past illusions of fighting warriors. Illusion blood looks to splash.

they walk through golden light and open space toward a red glow.

the red glow become shades to hello. 

A wall appears and an arch opening. 

Grays walk to and from the arch. 

Through the arch grays.

The grays stand in two likes and walk toward a wall of dust. A few grays take off gray suits and walk nakes. Others half undress. All step through the dust.

Guile sneezes.

Flare says, ,,Close your eyes and walk.''

,,What is this?'' says Guile.

Flare steps and closes eyes and stesp a path to the moving wall. ,,Sand.''

They step on a grate. 

Guile covers eyes.

Sand pours over body.

Flare sees to Guile. >YOu rube your body with the sand to clean the skin, get the sweat off.<

Guile rubs body and steps over grate. He sneezes. 

The step from the pouring sand. They dust off. 

Guile wipes  arm pits with gray suit then puts on grays suit. 

Flare rubs her scalp free of sand.

The step through another arch. 

A stong wind blows down. Sand blows off.

Sand sprinkles from Flare and Guile as they eat and walk to work. 

While walk the path to the service level, guile sees a gray suit sleeping on sacks stacked along a hall.

Guile hears the snore. Gulie feels the calm. Guile follows the snore and feeling into the mind of the gray suit.

The gray suit, a human, stirs in sleep as Guile passes. 

Guile follows flare feeling the thoughts span flow to the gray suit. 

They work in Warriors waiting. When Guile is dumping his second bag, he sends a thought to the sleeping human.

The mental shout flows from the human mind. A rush is thoguhts feel, see and speak tingles as an echo into the human mind. Into the human mind, Guile feels three other streams of thought flow through the human's dream land.

Guile finishes empying his sack, closes the through stream from the human to his mind and walk away.

Flare feel through the hive Guile's shout then follows the shout to the mind, but by the time her thought flows, she only feel the dark of the humans dream that does'nt seem to be.

They clean the hall and the floating platform to the dome.

They gather trash under the bleechers.

Under the bleechers, Guile peers at half-orc  seen between the seats and feet rests of bleechers and the legs over thos sitting on bleecher. Guile glances and peers while putting root peels in sack. He watches and stares. He spands his throughs. He watches the orc stand and cheer and puch fist in the air.

Guile hears the roar of the orc in mind. It echoes and plays and repeasts over and over as Guile grabs another roots skin. Guile's slouches and breaths and punches fist in the air like the orc.

Guile sees through the eyes of the orc while punching the air. Then he lowers and picking-up root peels.

Flare sees Guile punch the air and growl then slowly lower and slowly pick up peel roots. She glances at Grill and three grays who stare and peer at trash and pack it in back.

Flare grabs back and picks near Guile. She switch hsi bag with her near full bag. She thrashes trhoguh the trash and fills Guiles partly full bag.

Like a sight over laying the tash before him, Guile see through teh orce eyes and watches a near nake human kick ankle upon a shield of a full plated warrior inside the bottom of a huge sphere.

Guile's body pauses pose.

He sees throughte orc eyes and feels the rage and it hits chest and pumps the air as a huamn in plate mail and a minotaur of red battle.

The minotaurs swings great axes and bashes with buckler. 

The shining steal warrior swings long sword and cuts the minotaur's hoof and shield bashes the minotaurs nose.

The minotaur rams face into shiled and slash head and horns. the horn curver around the shiled and slash stab at the warrior as the minotaur swings a great battle axe. The horns pull the shield from the hands. The greate battle axe bashes aside the swords.

The orc of Guile's sight cheers. 

Guile feels a rush that pumps his heart. Guile sees through the orcs sights, seess the root in hand and...

The human warriors stupmbles back and swings words and raiases shield.

The minotaur swings bacck and bashes.

The human warriors swings and strikes.

The minotaur swings and hits with great has.

The crowds cheers and feet stomp. Trash fall from the bleeches to the floor near Guile and Flare.

Guile and flare stands. Guile holds and slowl y puts trash iin the sack full of brokken wooden cups. Flare pulls closed her bag

And lifts the bag, halls it to shoot.

Flar returns with her full back to see Grill walk toward Guile.

Guile is hunched over with hand

Flare sweat and grabs a core of an apple, throws it at Guile.

The apple hits.

The pain of the apple jerks, Guile's body.

The double vision becomes one vision: The one before Guile.

Flare steps and sees to Guile, >Guile, focus. Pick-up. Grill is walking to you.''

Guile blinds and grabs a slimmy root peel and puts in in a back full of broken wooden cups.

Flare sees. >You have my near full bag of broken cups.<

Guile nods and steps and shifts a hand through the piles of trash and grabbing a wood coblet unbroke. He stuffs it in bag and glances a Grill.

Grill wipes nose with finger and snorts. She click and clacks and smacks lips and smiles. She snaps fingers and walks away toward Flare.

Flare sees to Guile. ,,Gril is complaining of your work.'' Flare steps to Grill. 

Grill and Flare click and clack. Grill laughs showing black teeth and brown tongue licking wrinkled lips. Grill says, ,,WORK!''

The three grays standing near the base of bleeches and kicking foot under the lower seats and scoop trash from under.

Flare says loud, ,,WORK!'' And sees to Guile. ''YOu take the bages to be dumped. If you move Gril will think you work for trash.''

They glance at the other.

They work. 

Flare pack lots of trahs fast while Guile slowly halls.

They stare along the bleechers and find the people enter, cheer and leave. 

When they leave, the trash from above begins to fall from the ground and feets stomp and brooms brush it away

Flare pack lots of trahs fast while Guile slowly halls.

Guile walks the halls and through the daark walls to the spiral stairs down.

While walksing the spiral stairs from the main level to the gray common are to eat, Guile whispers and shouts through groups of grays.Flare feels the mental force of Guile flowing around the trust of the minds. She walks with Guile and sees once. >I feel you think into others.<

Guile sees, >You see because the trust has mind.<

They walk, and Guile feels and sees.

Sratches of hate, rubs of love, blows of lust and tickles of sex think form the minds of grays through the spiral staircase. 

They follow a group of blood dirty grays spiralling down to the common area. Guile seeps to one who is talking with clicks and clack. 

Guile sees into the mind of one as they walking. He feel a sphere like the mind trust fume mint instead of vibrated like and anent strawberries.

The gray sheet look sback. The gray sheets is a hyman with braided beard and dirtiy hair warrping and handing in clumbs. The gray sheet looks behind at Guile and Flare. He stares and Guile withtout pausing and cycle of noises.

The noises continue, and Flare feels a late translation of what happened to Guile.

Before Guile, ithe group of grays with the breaded head and face human steps from the gray group as they walk a hall from the stairs.

Down the stairs, Guile and Flare go following on gray down to toward the common.

As the breard human steps from the stairs into the common area, Guile sees to Flare. >The human is of the mind trust.<

Flare looks at Guile. And Guile quicks steps down steps, and his stomach jiggles and chins wobble then settle as Guile steps into a crowd of grays. 

Flare stands by, and both flare And guild peer thorugh the lines of grays waiting from food and the groups of grays emptying tryas and the scatter grays taking trays to tables.

They get food. They eat foot. They clean in sand they walk the stairs. 
 
Guile sees, >They human was part of the mind trust.<

Flare sees, >Our mind trust or another.<

Guile sees, >Ours.<
 
Then they part and sleep.

They wake. They eat. 

They work one cycle and the next. The lights shines. The meet in the hall. They eat. They work the Warriors Waiting. They clean the portal that raises the warriors through the wall of darkness above. They clean under the bleechers.

The see the gray bearded human again after twenty cycles complete.

Twenty cycles pass for Guile. Guile feels the flabby flesh tighting with fat and muscles as he eats and as he hauls towels, mops and picksup up trash. The snott falls on flood and wipes oer the nose. The sneezing in the common area causes many to staire at Guile.

Guile uses his sneezes to feel the attention and follow it to the minds. He sends mental shouts through grays in the lunch area, the sand wash area, the stairs, halls and the work area.

Guile uses the roaring crowed to see to the minds of fans chanting and cheering as he grabs through from the fands. He feels the rage of lose. He hears the clicks and clack of warriors on leave from the battle as far as Lyno. He worries when a group of dwerves witness another dwear be cut in half by a greate ax of a minotaur. He watches and leans to span from one mind to the next through the crowds all while picking up skin roots and other collections of trash with Flare.

Flare is always there to help Guile when he gets stuck. She sees with him and he to her, but only commands and wants.

They pactice short mental emotions for letting Guile know he is being watched or if Guile looks stuck as body is lost in thought.

Guile practices connecting a series of minds before sending a stream to see teh mind of a warrior or soldiers. He conntects to one then two then three. He sees and feels through the minds and bodies of people sitting and cheering along the bleechers.

Guile's body shuts down the first time he connects two minds. His body falls into trash when connecting three as Guile tries to see through all their minds at once.

When Guile falls, Flare with the help of the hive pulls Guile's mind to body and play acts the role of Guile being a joke. She laughs and motions leg like he was tripped the first. The second fall Flare was aholling away a sack of root and sawy Guile fall and seen Grill looking toward Guile. Flare threw the sack of root at Guile's laying body. She shouted. ,,YOU WORK FAT FOOL,'' and clicks commnds to stand while seeing to Guile. ,,Guile, wake.''

Guile woke and moain.

Grill spat and shouted at Guile while Guile smiled nodded and pickup root seeing a thought. <I seen through three Flare, but see not what you speak.>

Flare teaches guile the basic of the sounds that create the click and clack of warrior speech. She talks with the managers and works the work that Guile doesn't finish has his mind wanders and leaves others.

She guildes their rout, but feels at lead by her dreams as twenty cycles pass, and they see the bearded human that feels to be part of the trust.

The trust through spread from her mind to feeling of her body. No longer is her thoughts lights sphere the flow in the mind trust sphere and out in the form of a stream of thought like river or stream depending on the force flowing the mind of Guile.

Twenty cycles pass for Flare as she see to Guile's mind and the hive's mind. From sleep to wake and when walk the route from work, Flares mind flows through the streams of senses, emotions and thought of the collective of the trust. She finds a laught and smiles. She feels a caresss and lays and bed and loses senses. She finds minds open for another to see them eat and during some nights she enjoys a steak consumed by one in the trusts.

Flare seeks through the mind trust for a few nights the human with beard and braided hair Guile thought to be of the trust. She sees through emotions and tries to find ways to search of colors or similars sense to try to find through the sensual thoughts and feels flowing through the mass like a shift sea and undercurrents.

Here Guile don't see much except with Flare needs to help Guile hide is mental feats or what Flare askses a Question of Guile

>How does one find a person in the mind trust,< sees Flare to Guile as they walk to their rooms after their twentith work cycle.

Guile sees to Flare. >See to my thoughts.<

Flare moves here through from the trust and finds a stream of thought create by Guile to those thoughts thought beyond the mind trust. Flare sees the thought.

The thought is, <Use smells, tastes, feelings sound. Touch works, but touch is weark. Smell and sounds help see through thoughts. See through a mass through by you focusing on those senses. Focus on more get specific. Focus on wrong. Ge know response. Focus on the senses wanted to find and enter the mind trust. Flow to pleasure. Find pleasure. Focus the senses wanted. Discard rest. Focus. Focus on senses wanted. Focus on senses wanted. Senses around change sense wanted if no focus. Search and search and wait. See. More known. Easier find. It trust easy. NoConnection made.<

They part in the halls, but continue to meet with thought in the Guile's mind in the place.

Guile's mind throbs.

He sleeps without eating, but connect to Flare's mind letting her knowing of the thought stream from the hive to her mind from him.

Flare loses control of the sesnes from the have, and her body felxes and bends like a snake in heat then she lays still as she focuses on a smell under the bleechers.

Pain, pleasure, hunger, rage flow through flare as she sees the smell under the bleechers. Fliud drunk worlds stumples while another pukes. Flare sees bleechers, trahs, the dome and bowl, Warrior's Waiting and a long ahll full of tapestry.

Flare focuses on the feel of the cloth of a gray, the sand, the smell of the smoke in warriors waiting. 

Flare sees an elf wearing shimmering scales fight a warrior with great helm like a dragon and full plate armor. She smell the fumes of ale and feels the scratching of sun under the ear.

Flare wakes. 

She dresses in knife belt and gray suit. 

She walks the dim halls and steps thes the sand covered stairs. She strides past a few sweeping sand to piles. She quick steps from stairs through common area.

In her mind, shees sees a bright glow of illusion of the dark. She smells the furnace as throough mind. She feels the sand on her body rub like the sand. She sees the groups grays sitting around illusions.

The illusions of warriors fight like hovering warriors. The fight sand strike.

The gray sheet stares like hypnotized by bard. They eat oats and drink.

She steps through the grays sheets human, gnome, halfing, elf, dwarf, orc, id and goblinkin.

She wander no longer seeing or feeling of the mind trust, but looking at two warriors.

A few illusions flicker and fade. 

The grays stand and walk away from the illusion that dims to darkness. 

Flare walks feeling her mind pull deeper into the hive and body closer to the ground as she feels her energy and focus waver.

The feelings and emotions of the hive fade.

Flare yawns. And wanders around the dimming areas as the illusion fall and fade. 

Gray suits stand, brush sand off arms and suits and walk away.

Flare wanders and steps then yawns here last yawn. She stands, shakes head free of sand and returns. 

She steps to walk to the stairs and sees the Bearded Human standing there.

Twenty days after seeing the bearded human, Flare glances back and sees the Bearded Human following here through the people. 

Flare streteches and thinks of the mind trust then thinks of the self and walks away to her room.

The Bearded Human follows flare with his walk and his stare with shoulders bumping other out of the way.

Flare leaves the Gray Common, she walks the stairs.

And the Bearded Human follows and steps. He follows through a few halls and a few stairs. He follows with a smile. 

Flare yawns and stands along a hall dim with the golden sphere's floating near top.

Bearded Human steps after Flare then stands.

At the ends of the hall they stare at each other.

Flare feel her shoulder begin to flex. Her arms raises. She feels a dark spread through her mind leaving a shaken feart the trembles her arm. Her arm falls. She steps back.

A laughter like goblins feasting on dead flesh in frenzy echoes along the hall and around.

Flare looks back.

Shadows stretchs and small sihlouttes rush along the hall.

Flare looks forward, and the Breaded Human is gone.

Sihlouttes stretch from the shadows and rush Flare

Flare pulls out a knife and stands, sweats, her arm trembles.

Her mind trembles, and her mind feels the sphere of the trust spread and span. The stream is a trickle.

The sihlouttees leap from the shadows and disappear in the night.

A laugh flows from side to side through the halls.

A gray sheet walks from to the light. Gray rope pullls tight over head. Suit shorter than the gray breaded. 

Flare slines blade up gray suit sleeve and walks toward the gray rope. She focuses on Guile's mouth breathing 

She sees to a though of Guile. >Where...<

He holds forearm and knife hilt as the gray suit passes. 

She steps to the stairs, pulls the daggers, follows the golden hue gloe

A soft then deep voice spreas through Flare's mind. >I will see you from the trust.<

Flare steps stairs to hall to room to shuts door. She pulls other dagger from from sheet.

She stands. She stares.

A sihlouette walks past blurred window wall. 

The sphere of the Turst contracts and forms shape in mind.

Anohter sihlouette of a short being walks by wall.

The voice sees, >Flare. I see you, but you don't see me.<

The sihlouette waslk past the windowed hall.

Flare thinks, <Coward.> Flare

Flare feels rage to teh mind Trust then sees it away.She sits with back to door and knifes in hands. She sleeps and silence.Guile sleeps on back and snores. During the night, images of Flare holding daggers tremors through his body like a shaking fear of... A BEARDED MAN RISE. His snake like hair whips around like the forests Blue.

Guile falls down a canyon side into a river.

Dim golden lights shine a shadwo from the sheet covered glass bed to floor and over guile.

Guile wakes, and body feel strained, eyes lids heavy and stomach empty.

>Flare,< he think. A stream of thought flows from his mind trust to Flare and no one else. >|You find bearded man?<Flare sits in bed and waits, sleeps, wakes with Guile in her mind.

>|You find the bread man,< think Guile.

Flare stands. She drink water and rubs some sand from cheek and pulls a sheet from over a golden glob. 

Golden light shines in room. 

A few sihlouettes walk past. Clicks and clacks snap and yap with the surface talk. 

>Yes, I found the bearded man of the mind trust,< sees Flare.

Guile shrugs and thinks to self for Flare , <Anohter of the mind trust. Could be spy. Try to think away from hive.> Guile laughs a cough and says, ,,Maybe Carlos Barded Dwarf?'' 

>Carlos? This Carlos is a spector. An illusion. The Bearded Human is real. He is not of the mind trust,< sees Flare. She stretches arms and legs pull sore mucsles to pain and beyond to pleasure.

>We create our own Mind Trust,< sees Guile. Guile drinks water and rubs sand from chest and balls. He feels to need to pee.

Flare sees, >How do we create a mind trust? And can the Bearded Human read my thoughts. Can the bearded humnan see our thoughts? CAn I see to love? Can we know if the Breaded Human seen to YikTORitSuLe our abilities.<

Guile burps and scratches butt. He walks from room as he pulls the gray suit over his stomach and buttons the gray suit over his hairy chest. >Breaded human may see. Won't see to YikTORitSuLe. Then be know mind reader. Come after us if needed. Why do this? What our other job?<

>Cand the Bearded Human see our thoughts?< sees Flare. She stands in by door to focus on the thought through the hive to Guile.

>If want,< sees Guile. >If not we create trust.< Guile drinks the water from the bucket then pees and sees. >|We think outside Hive Trust. Be safe.<

>Love will care,< sees Flare.

>Love now known,< sees Guile. >Our trust will protect others. Our trust will be thoughts alone. We do this. Bearded Human does this.< Guile steps along and rubs smooth fat cheeks and walks the halls mummbling thoughts with surface talk. >|Bearded Human and Mind Trust has nothing to Trust. I keep thoughts to you. You see residue to other. I know. I think like I do. Mix thought and forget.<

Flare stares at along the hall has see stands.

A couple gray robes step around Flare. One from afar says, ,,Flare.''

Flare blinks and peers. 

Guile steps to Flare. ,,Flare. We eat.''

Flare presses eyes lids and shakes head. She focuses and steps.

Guile follows Flare down the steps to the common area. 

They sand shower, change gray suits and get food. They wait. They eat. 

They make eye contact.

They look through the grays for the Bearded Human with Snake Like Hair.

They see only grays.

Grays stand in line; they walk talk and eat in silence. A few mummble. Maybe grunt fart and cough.  All eat and leave to the darkness or stare.

,,No beard human,'' says Guile. Guile chews. ''We talk trust in stairs.'' He swallows.

They take empty trays to can. They walk the stairs with grays.

Grays stomp up and down. They jostle and one shovers. No have a bread and are human. 

It isn't until they reach the uppoer gray hallways when Guile says, ,,Mind trust give protection. Only us. Need focus to create. You think of person and transfer datae. With Mind Trust big. Others's help with through to my mind. I show ayou how to see own thought without Trust. We talk to show.'' Guile looks at a few grays standing near boxes. All stare at each other as Flare and Guile pass.

Guile waits a few steps. ,,We know how site feels. We let out site in. We think to are selves a through only let one it. I read minds and let in. If we send thoughts. We send thoughts they wil read. All will read if not thought. Talking hard to read. When talking. Thoughts and image good. Think of some this. A smell. Find smell in my mind changes smell. For thoguht round change. Our through and trust. Let you in.''

Flare looks behind and forward then Guile. ,,How we begin?''

,,We have,'' sees Guile.

,,Without the Trust,'' say Flare. ''I have their help.''

Guile smiles and sniffs. ,,I help. You protect.''

They walk with Flare peering back. Flare says, ,,Protect from mind attacks.''

,,Body attacks. Protect the body,'' says Guile. He looks at Flare. ''You protect body.''

Flare nods and looks foward. 

They walk by the hall to descend to the worker level. They walks staring by a few grays sleeping on sacks.

Flare looks front and back and says, ,,Are you creating the Bearded Human?''Guile lights to a snort and sniff. ,,Good. Good idea.'' He looks at Flare. ''No. Good way to getmind. Not me. Control body. Move objects. Maybe mind trust creates thought. Don't know. Don't know the trust. Only been in a few...'' He looks at Flare. ''Cycles.'' He coughs and spits on the glass floor. ''With friend shake. Shake's voice got me there. He let in.'' Guile itches nose with finger. ''Had a thought. Need a common thought.

The walk around one courner. 

The hall spans. A few boxes are stacked to the ceiling. A few grays sit against the wall. 

Guile steps. He says, ,,Walk round. Near entrance go down. We decided.''

They walk on corner then two. They walk near the stair entrance they travel down and up. 

,,The smell of the beasts in the caste of Goblins City,'' says Fear. ''The smell of those black vial beings I can still smell.''

Guile smiles. ,,The smell. Remember smell. See smell. Feel smell. He looks at Flare. Remember smell. Think of smell. Think of you. Let you in.'' 

Flare nods. 

Grays walk from the stairs. They walk with Guile to the lifts and path to Warriors Waiting and work.

They work. They look for the Bearded Human the think of trash, dirty towels and blood.

Guile waits a few steps. ,,We know how site feels. We let out site in. We think to are selves a through only let one it. I read minds and let in. If we send thoughts. We send thoughts they wil read. All will read if not thought.''

,,Smell,'' says Flare.

,,Think smell. Feel smell to my mind from echo,'' says Guile. Guile thinks smells and sends a mental shout for the smell and smells the echo from Flare's mind.

Flare feels Guile's feeling for the smell and feels the echo rebound.  She feels the smell like a sound of humming. She feels a sting and hears Guile's thoughts in mind. She stands.

Guile steps and stops and thinks to Flare. <Think of smell with thinking to self. Think to the smell. I will sniff your smell when can.> Guile looks a long hall and sees a few gray suits step from stairs. <Walk. Step, Flare. Step and hold the thought of the smell and let it spread. Let the sting be.>

Flare blinks and sees out of her mind. She see the golden blow, the dust along the hall corners. Sacks of grain leans against wall.

A group of blood stained grays with bitsof trahs stuck to suits walk from hall and around Guile and Flare.

Guile says, ,,Work.''

Flare steps, ,,Work.''

,,Thinks smell.''

They walk.

Guile steps behind. ,,Look through eyes.''

Flare thinks of smell and thinks, <The smell stings.>

''Sting good,'' says Guile. ''Now smell to me.'' Guile feels the smell and thinks, <Could the Bearded Human be a spy for the Mind Trust?>

Flare stumbles steps as she steps before a lift. ,,Yes, Bearded...'' She holds lips and looks at Guile.

A few grays step to Guile and Flare.

Giue and Flare stand.

Flare thinks, and Guile reads her thoguhts through the smell, <Beard human probably more a spie than enemy of mind trust.>

Gulit touches Flare's eblows as the lift rises.

Gray suits with hunch shoulders and backs. Grays suite hang blood staind and smeared with the fume of root.

Flare steps and focuses on the smell. <Mind Trust has many.>

Guie follows and stands. The lift lowers. Guile thinks. <What we do? Find Branching leave?>

Flare stares. <Go where? We need to find the Bearded Human.>

Guile scratches forehead. <Mind Trust feel the thought to Flare.>

Gray suits press around Flare and Guile and press to open space on the lift floor for one more.

The lift floor lowers. 

Flare thinks. <No thoughts. No focus.>

Guile thinks. <No focus. Focus gives them the smell. Focus on  mind trust then forget smell. Focus away. Not think.><Can the trust read these thoughts?> thinks Flare. Here sight begins to dim and her body holds still as the lift flowers.

The lift lovers and stops. Gray suits step from and to the lift and the lift lowers. 

Guile thinks with the stink. <Trust could know. If trust know. Let them. If trust now. Have more problems then worth thinking.>

Flare thinks. <Can we be safe.>

Guile thinks, <We practice.>

They stand and Flare slows the thought and releases the stink and steps to lift.

Guile thinks as they step from the lift. <I think objects in surface talk letters. You think the same object.> Guile steps to a stands.

Flare blinks and follows Guile. Flare slows walk to think of smell and into Guile's mind.

Guile strides before Flare and into a wall of darkens. <Wall.>

Flare thinks, <Wall,> and stumbles against a gray walking their way.

Guile sees the thought and thinks, <Bucket.>

<Bucket,> thinks Flare. She blinks and sees the wall of darkness and steps through the wall.

Darkness is.

Guile thinks, <Wall hits bucket.>

Flare thinks, <Wall hits bucket.>

She slow stride with Guile to a walk.

Guile yawns and steps to stand before the entrace to the lift to Warriors Waiting. <Sand blood seeps.>

Flare steps slow and stands next to Guile. Her body sways as sher rethinks. <Sand blood seeps.>

The lift rises heads of gray suits. They carry sacks of white. Shoulders are slumped. bodies ring sweat. Sweat drips.

Giule steps on sweat drips. 

The platform lowers to Warriors Waiting. Guile says, ,,No talk.''

Flare nods.

The platform stops.

They work and practice thinking for the other. Guile leads the work running and packing as Flare tries to see and feel with her mind without the mind trust. They work and think in Warriors waiting; the tunnel and tube to the pit and dome;  under the bleechers.

They work and think in Warriors waiting. The begin with object and simple commands. Guile thinks and relates the acts of stuff towels into bag, and Flare sees. The Flares thinks and Guile sees. They work with Guile working as fast as Flare as Flare pauses and focuses to move with thinking of thought only for Guile. The work gets done with a few stares and peers from other grays working the warriors waiting. The shift changes as Flare begins to think and work as one.

They work and think in The tunnel and tube to the pit and dome. Guile thinks of the warriors that past seeing the armor shapes and colors in surface talk text. They talk of actions all connected to the sulfer rot smell of the gray goo monsters in the city of goblins. Guile mops and takes buckets with Falre to dump the buckets. Flare stumbles a few steps, but sees through the sent and the sound it create in her mind alike a song of sting. She switches from thought to seeing Guile's mind like and inverse talking with self. Nos sure if Guile heard. They work slow and steady with Flare trying to mob and step out of the warriors way. They work the hall until th
ey work under the bleechers.

They work and think under the bleechers. Guile collect roots while Flare collects parchment wraps. They practice defining people in the stands to the trash seen. The swap thoughts through long conversations about the Gril's teeth and face for a focus. Guile fills three more bags then Flare moving with ease and a few coughs with no pause finding the practice with Flare to be easy. At the end of the work cycle, Gril steps to Flare and points at Grey. ,,You work worse than tummy guy.'' She shakes head. ''Both bad workers.'' She clicks and snaps tongue in mouth and walks away.

They work for eleven cycles. They work on their thought talk, and they work on their ability to act with in their own minds. They work on helping each other work better and take turns running to empty sacks while the other focus on filling. They work on mapping and remember the warriors. The work in silence with no words but their thoughts. 
 
The sting and the stench of the feeling of the site spreads and blends with the thoughts. 

A few times during the span of the cycles, Guile leaves his mind and sees through the people in the bleechers seeing how many minds he can see through withouth pause. And the tenth cycle he jumps three minds only needed to mimic a few minor movements of each that all appeared to be slight body ticks. The work as one, and Flare fin
d her step and focus. 

Flare sees the site of both the Mind Trust and their trust. She feels the minds of the trust see to her mind, but enter a void as her thoughts pull from the Mind Trust to the trust with Guile.

After the elevnth cycle, they wake, and Guile thinks from the smell of the gray blob beast. <I see to your mind.> And Guile sees to Flare's mind. >|I speak through the our Mind Trust. Our own. Practice to make thought focused. Practice to know what trust to see to. Practice to hold the trust, hide site to see. We see. We don't speak.<
  
>Yes,< says Flare to Guile's mind.

Guile sees to Flare. >Love seen to you from Trust...<

>No,< says Flare. >|The trust is there. I have seen the sound and noises, but I have not felt or seen a site to me. I have not tried to see of their sites for fear of the bearded human.<

Guile smirks. He sees to their site trust as he pulls on his gray suit and grabs his glass cube. >Find. Work on minds.< He clears through and spits. >|Find to leave. Maybe find branching. Leave through it.<

Love sees no site.

They meet in the hall.

They meet in hall. They walk with not talk thorugh the golden hued hall to the Gray Common area. They sand shower and grab new gray suits. Guil'es sags around the ankles and wrists.

Guile sees, >See feelings and sites. Beyond words. Send sense. We work our own trust. You see at night trust.

They walk in silence and eat. They send the tastes of the mashed oats and the dirty water. Guile farts and feels the feeling the Guile with a smile.

The smell spread, and Flare sends through the trust the site of sense of Guile's fart as she smells it.

Guile cringes and waves nose over face.

They eat. 

They work. They think the sight of warriors, the heavyness of sack, the work.

They clean blood and smell trash and feel the squish of the root.

Guile and Falre see sights and work the day. The sleep. 

Flare has the dreams that seeps into the mind trust. 

Guile sees the dream.

The dream leads Flare running with a large rat with hundreds of rats running around into the shadows.

They wake with a golden glow and a shout near Flare.

Guile hears the shout near Flare through Flare, and Guile wakes. 

He hears laughter through the trust of Flare.

Laughter laughts outside and a group of sihlouettes wakl past. ,,YOU SCARED,'' shouts a voice.

Flare grabs her belt of daggers and grays suits she dresses.

They see senses and image while they clean, eat, work.

They work then eat and sleep passing the heavy of the bag, the wet of sweat, the goo of blood the cut of glass while grabbing a wet root tossed from the bleechers.

They watch for the bearded human.Aftter four cycles, Flare sees the bearded human watching an illusion of warriors. 

Guile and Flare seperate and walk to the bearded human, but as the walk between the many grays standing around the bearded human they lose sight.

>Where?< sees Guile to Flare.

Flare sends tension and choas to their trust.

Their trust grows. They leave and invest more thought and connecions to it. The ache of Guile's ankle; the tickle of snott; the mucus of cough are seen by Guile to the Trust. The rhythm of goblin tongue; the mindlessness of work; the feelings and dreams of Flare are seen to the trust. The trust grows while the mind trust of Love and Senator ring is distant of Flare and Guile.

As the cycles of ten more pass, the work remains, their trust grows, Guile pushes the Mind Trust of Senator Ring far from thoughts allowing only the smell and touches to seem through his mind to it. The mumbling and tickling of sense felt when focused on the Mind Trust silences.

Flare sees the two trust in mind with though filtering through the turst with Guile before it seems inot the Mind Trust. Flare sees to the trust the thought to the feeling of Love for the work.

A sharp pain filtered with numb from the Mind Trust.

Flare has a headache through the day feeling slow and pain as she packs, halls and mops.

Guile seeds the senses and sees the feeling of the want to connect with the hive.

Both work and return sleeping wanting to hear from the hive.

Ten more cycles pass. They walk the Common Gray are before and after work searching for the bearded man. They trade senses and no words. Small expresions from their faces trade the pain and bordum. Every dark, Guile sees to Flare if the Mind Trust of Love has seen. Every light Flare answers no. Then they clean, eat, work, eat, sleep.

YikTORitSuLe, JikKlokUikYtik and Gril all complement the work of Flare and Guile. Their packing of the ddirty towels is better than anyother team. Their mopping is near perfection and their colletion of trash increaes ever cycle.

And everycycle while collecting trash, Guile leaps from mind to mind. After the third mind Guile pauses for spans no longer than a blink of an eye. He even begin to move the arms and toes of the second person and not the first. Through the cycles he finds the ability to move two fans performing only actions they have in their mind like cheering or shouting, standing or sitting.

Flare sees through the trash the travel of Guile's force. She sees and freezes many times the first few mental flights through Guile's stream through characters. She stops the first time then learns to walk then work while seeing and feeling the thoughts of the fans as they cheer and shout. She feels Guile move their arms with their minds and not an unseen force.

Still, they see no no bearded human only gray suits and other workers.

Working under the bleechers become their job of the day when their mindless bodies pump excited hearts. They form the trust. Guile sees a fan, connect with emtion the sees through the eyes to another mind. 

They find the more excited the easier it is to stream through the emotions to the minds then use their feelings to bond with another emotional being. Shout and pounding, rage, flowed smooth from one mind to the next. Sorrow and depression allowed fro a stream to connection and maintain. It was only the passive being who sat and stared that Guile could not enter. 

Then they work. They see. The feel the fans and sleep at night then dream in Flare's mind as Guile slips away. 

Thirty-two cycles pass then Love sees to Flare.
