Pure white covers. The pack becomes individuals.

All feel to flaot and hover. 

All feel nothing.

All see white then gray then black.

One by one each of the back appear one by one to each of the pack and one by one each see the other until the pack stands in flame light.

Torches burn around small dome. Flame light lights many small disks like small shields hanging around the soldiers, Kirra, Spear, Minst, Myst, Guile and William.

William blinks and sees. 

Flame light is absorbed by soldiers armor. 

Guile feels dry cold.

Soldiers stand like sihlouettes around Kirra, Spear, Minst, Myst, Guile and William, the torches and the disks.

Myst smells.

Shit fumes float. 

Spear hears.

Silence cackles and howls. ,,John the of Goblinkin will lead us to your new home for you new master.''

,,Who-'' says Minst before a metal rod shocks body.

A metal rod presses against Minst, and Minst falls.

John of the Goblinkin says, ,,No question from you.''

A sihloutte soldiers grabs Minst.

Kirra sneers, leaps between sihlouttes soldiers, grabs the back of John of the Goblinkins head.

Myst says, ,,MINST!'' steps and pushes between two soldiers.

Five hands and two arms grab Kirra and pull.

Kirra is pulled back. John's head is pulled back, and he falls back. The guards step and pull Kirra back, and Kirra slams on elbow then two elbows to head. 

One sihloutte falls, and the other steps back. Four hands and an arm hold Kirra.

Myst is shove against wall.

Kirra kicks away a metal rod and kicks a sihlouettes soldier in the face. 

A metal rod presses on Kirra's but. A shock jolts.

KIrra kicks chest of another.

Two rods press on Kirra's neck. 

Kirra' body goes limb.

Guile steps back. 

And  Spear stands still as sihloutte soldiers jostle around.

Myst peers at Spear.

And Spears looks down.

A cackle howls to clicks and clacks from John of the Goblinkin.

Soldiers push Msyt, Spear and Guile. The carry Kirra, William and Minst.

Myst pushes back a soldiers goblin and starres it to stand as she steps.

,,Where are you taking us?'' says Myst.

john of the Goblinkin snaps, ,,Shit leads you to prison.''
