,,Guile,'' purrs a Love's voice. ''You have cycles of work for the contract. You wake.'' Thousands of whispers touch Guile's body from the bright white lights shining. The whispers laugh with voice that purrs say, ';Work Guile.''

Guile wakes and works. Guile wakes when the walls shine a dim gold hue with silhouettes playing a dance against the walls. Guile work after the sand shower, Guile works in the warrrior tunnel with Atikk and Big Hairy. Guile works every day after waking from dreams of laughter and whispers with the purr, ,,Wake, Guile,'' forming a sphere of the mind trust.

The purr of the mind trust itches and sooths durng the day as well as causes Guile pain when he tries send a shout or see or feel. Even when Guile sees to Love through the Mind Trust in his own room, the thoughts feel to hit a wall and shock mind. He tries from time to time, but all the point going to another mind with a shout or a whisper.

Guile stays in own mind. He thinks of mazes and shapes twisting and forming. The thoughts of mazes calms the itch and the burn and loses the sense of care when scrubbing blood and dumping piss water down the hole. Guile stays in own mind both to past the time and avoid the grind with Attik.

Attik meets Guile at Guile's door every work cycle. She wears a baggy gray suit with rolled sleeves and legs. She walks with Guile for food, but doesn't show with the sand. Instread she waits for Guile to bathe then walks, waits and eats food with Guile not speakin gonly stairing. Then the work and at the end of the work cycle, Attik leaves and Big Hariy parts.

Big Hairy doesn't talk. He works spreading the sheet through the days. He lowers head when warriors step through. He listens to Attik as she laughs and sits. Big Hairy doesn't talk and doesn't react when Attik blames him for a blood stain or make Guile look the fool by spilling blood and piss.

Atiik's acts bother Guile, and the thought of Attik causes the hivemind to itch, and the itch becomes a burn. This itch and burn increase duration with each passing day of work with Attik. Rage burn through Guile spreads. By the end of the work cycle, Guile's tense muscles find relaxation at wine from the carrafee and tossing hear dagger into his pillow.

The tossing of the heard dagger and drining spans the cycles. The dagger's path becomes more true each day and becomes part of the meditation with the wine and mazes.

Guile passes out most night, but tosses his dagger end over end. With each strike, the burn and itch from the hive sooths until he sleeps on the floor, the bed or against the door holding the dagger.One night while holding the dagger, Guile's whisper dreams and lauging reality for and image of a knife flying through space and turning around like a maze followingthe heart to Attik. The dreams end with the dagger turning the corner of a thorn maze to strick the throat of Attik.

Attik for the first few cycles begins to work again. She scrubs as much as Guile. She dumps the buckets as much as Guile. She helps Big Hairy with blankets, but then begin again her acts of itching and burning.

The acts begin with spilling a bucket as a warrior is about to enter then blaming it on the sheet over the chair or Guile's misplacement. Then she begins to stain places Guile cleans and tells all the grays through day of Guile's laziness. This burns the rage from Guile as hope fo fullfilling his contract becomes despare.

As a few cycles pass, and Guile no longer hopes to see Spear, William or Kirra walk along the hall, Guile becomes more a zombie than a living being. His mind becomes lost ins mazes to move a mindless body through the motions during awake time. The mazes help see away the itch and burn from the hivemind. The mazes help guild the body while scrubbing blood with piss. The mazes guide around the rage of Attik sitting, laughing and messing the work.

The mazes span dimension and time. They are of dimension beyond the mind. Many become a sphere of the itch with variatuon of the burn to find the path beyond the sophere. Mazes of sounds of wshuipser heard seep from the hive mind with Love's purr being the end. Mazes to release the mind from the feeling of contract and wine fuzz.

The contrac and wine fuzz walll is created after several nights when Guile drinks wine, throws dagger and stares at the contact. He thinks of small fragments of thought object to distance his mind from the method of leaving. The dagger is thrown and watched and the thoguht is thought of how to get the group on the caravan without being cought by the pack or other. As the dagger throws the ideas grow like a maze thorugh the tunnels.

Guile thinks and mummlbes and tosses the dagger; sees the maze of itch like a red fire wall. The dagger leads through the maze as it twists and spins and fleis to the object. Guile tosses the dagger over and over trying to strike the right path to leave and the safest method to hide the thought. 

Guile tosses the dagger, thinks for the plan and stops the thought once the dagger hits then the maze begins again. This thought cycles for nights after first night after working the new job. The thoughts end with resolution that Love has the power to move the people, but Guile has the mind to lay the plan. Then the wall hits and the lie is thought.

Guile reasons through work and cleaning that escape will need to be, but now only wait for the sight. 

And to wait for the sight Guile works and works scrubbing. When Attik makes a smug, Guile fosuces on the cloth and the cleaning. When Attik tips a bucket, Guile sees to right the object to omplete the maze he must travel to fullfill the ocntract.

The contract is touched and held and night and though tduring the day. At night, Guile puts the contract on the bed above the bag he tosses the heart dagger. The knife spins and ticks hundreds of times as thirty cycles pass then on the thirty cycle of the new job, the dagger curves from it's thrown bath and hits the contract on the bed.

Guile stands. He looks arond the room and steps to the dagger trying to feel for magic or thought, but feels only the Heard Dagger hilt.

He throws the dagger over and over again, and over and over again the dagger flies stright. For that night, and for three nights following, the dagger flights striaght as the maze in mind become a dagger path to the sack on floor. During one throw, Guile thinks of the plan and the contract and the knife.

The dagger moves across the move as Guile plays mind through a maze after thirty three nights of dagger throwing, a knife is moving.

Guile grabs the knife and toses the knife again and again with no resolve.

Guile sleeps the night and wakes during the light with the laughter and purr. 

He tosees the knife many times trying to see the maze, the plan to leave and the knife.

And the knife moves like a force from the itch of the hive burn the world to guile the knife toward the contract. 

The contract is hit, but not armed, buit guile feels the worry to leave. 

Guile grabs the knife and tosses the knife a few more times and moves the knife slight, but as the burn through body feels to move the knife then the burn through the body drains guile's smile and strencht.

Attik knocks on the door and laughs. 

Guile grabs the contract and tosses the pack in Flare's old chest.

Guile and Attik work. Guile scrubs feeling the iitch of the hivemind. Attik works and sits. She stares and makes stains where Guile cleans once Tonk leaves.

Mid work cycle, Attik pushes the pail from the top.

The pale tips.

The itch from the Mind trust become a burn and the burn feels to hold the bucket and push the pucket to base.

Guile scrubs and glances as the Mind Trust itch cools. 

Attik peers, but can do nothing, but clean.

For twenty cycles, Guile works, eats sleeps and practices mazes, plans and moving objects. He moves a dagger in flight, a blanket from a seat, the bucket along the floor and water as the water spans.

With each movement, the itch and burn fro the hivemind cools and fades. 

Guile triest to mental shout a few of the warriors, Attik, Tonk and Big Hairy, bug a thunk and bing ring his mind each time leaving the focus on moving of objects.

During the twenty cycles, the warroirs come and go as life becomes a maze to Guile. A few cycles Guile's body feels to walk and clean like a robot as his distant mind seeks through a maze that help move his body and seperate his thoughts.

Guile wakes on the fifty-third cycle to throw the dagger, guide the dagger then try to flaot the contract.

The dagger moves. The contract rolls to scroll the to the ground.

Guile stands agains the wall opposide of bed. He stares at Heart Dagger. He opens his hand.

Heat spand from body, shoot to a focus on heart dagger.

Heart dagger rises as the heat warms the bland and air.

A wind blows the heart dagger to hand.

Guile grasps the dagger.

Hand burns. The burn pain spans through mind.

Mind Trust purr cools the warms.

The heat feels to span and spread.

Guile's body remains cold. His ankle throbs and stomach pops bubbles and swishes. He sits on floor, grabs his contract, clasps the dagger. He sleeps.

Sleep brings dreams.

Dreams span shades of gray to black to brown then deep cavers filled with talking and wispers. Squeaks echo through gaves and comes from the dark creaves of dripping water.

The water drips on Guile's rat snouts as he licks a pool.

The water drips, drips drips...

,,GUILE!'' shouts a voice. '' BE PREPARED.''

Bright lights shines.

Guile rubs eyes, drops dagger, grabs dagger, blinks.

White become a dim gold. 

A silhouette steps to the glass door and knocks.

,,Guile, work time,'' says Attik with a happy smile in her voices. She waves at a passing silhouette and giggles.

The group of pass sihlouettes smile and wave at Attik. One says, ,,We love you Attik.'' The group laughs.

The laughter fades as the silhouette groups walks away. 

Attik's silhouette remains standing by Guile's door. ,,Gulie,'' she says. ''We need to worrrrk.'' She steps stands. ''It's another day of fun with cleaning with piss.'' She giggles. ''Come on. Let's go.''

Attik's voice causes the hive mind purr burn. The burn spreads an itch through Guile.

Guile scratches his balls, smells his hand, dusts off branching armor. He dreasses in dirty gray suit and touches for his heart dagger not feeling it 

Guile clears mucus from thorat and swallows. He itches balls.

,,Guiillle. We work,'' says Attik with a cheery voice that Giule feels is said with a smile.

Giule snorts. ,,Go.'' He wipes nose. ''You go.'' 

Attik laughs. ,,But Guile!'' 

A few silhouettes was the hall click and clack.

Attik clicks and clacks and laughs, says ,,No.''

Guile stuffs his pillow and blanket into the obique glass chest of Flare's. He stands.

Mummbled bangs and talks pound through teh walls. The wall at the back of the room become light, and a silhouette stands from  bed.

Guile stands and watches doors. He sniffs.

,,Guile work,'' says Attik.

Guie stands. 

Attik pounds the door.

Guile opens door.

Attik sneers, but says with a smile voice. ,,We should get to work for we don't want to be late.''

A few grays pass and nod at Attik. 

Attik nods back.

Guile steps by Attik, shuts door and follows the nooding grays.

The nodding grays go up the stairs.

Guie walks downs.

Attik laughs, ,,Guile, you need to slow or you will spill your body like you spill buckets.''

They walk down to the Gray Common area.

Guile showers in sand, eats brown root and sticky leaves and walks the stairs to work leaving the grays around the common area and Attik behind.

Attik waits for Guile to leave the showers. She walks with isle and eats root from his plate. She walks one step behind guile. Mint floats from Attik.

Mint flows into Guile's nose.

Guile sneezes once, twice mid way up the steps. 

A few gray sneer at Guile and smile at Attik

Atiik clicks and clacks and pushes on Guile with a laugh, ,,you make us late with your sneeze!''

Guile sniffs, walks through the stairs, along the service tunnels, down the lifts, through Warrior's waiting and down into the Important Tunnel.

The left rests upon the ground. 

Tonk clicks and clacks with Big Hairy. 

Big Hairy smiles without parting lips or looking from the folding sheet.

Attick clians and clacks and smiles.

Tonk slaps Attik's back and smiles at Guile. ,,WORK.'' Tonk and the other two grays rise with the lift.

When the lift flows into the wall of darkness.

Attik kiccks the bucket full of blood and laughs. ,,WORK.''

The blood spreads over the floor and seeps into a white sheet over the big wooden throne.

Guile grabs the bucket and walks into the service all, fills it with piss.

Big Hairy looks at the blood soaked sheet then Attik. H estares blank as he steps by the shaft to the platform. 

Attik smile, ,,You don't want to play our game.''

The plaform lowers and Big Hairy rises with .

When big harry returns with towels and sheet, guile is using the staind white sheet to soak the piss and blood while Attik sit in the wood throne.

The bag of towels is tosses to ground, and Guile scrubs the floor.

Guile scrubs when an orc clomps past with rubbing banded mail. 

An id, a human and two elves leave to stand on the lift to rise to fight. 

The id and an elf covered in blood and cuts return with limps and hunches. 

Blood drops along the floor as teh elf limps and drags foot. The side of the elf's face is scratched and smash. The elf's owner steps from the white wall with clacks and clocks talking pain.

Guile covers his ears, and Attik steps down the service hall.

The hugoblinb owner, dressed in a white gold edged cloak, slaps the elft wwarrior, and blood sprays against the wall.

Guile stands and walks toward the warrior and follows the warrior to the wall of darkness. He stands and feels the itch of the Mind trust while scrubbing the blood spray from the wall between to thick framed paingn.

Then a smell of mint cools the mind trust burn.

Metal clings behind. 

Guile glances to side while scrubbing hard and fast against the wall.

William walks along the hall staring staring at the lift.

Love steps from the wall of darkness and walks by Guile. 

Guile looks at wall then glances at Attick and Big Hairy as William steps past.

William steps onto the lift and pivots  with a steel boot stomp to look at Love and toward Guile.

Guile lowers his hands to hide face behind face to allow only the eyes to stare at William and Love

William looks at love with his eyes feeling to see only an arm's length beyond his onw body.

Love stands wearing tight leather body suit with molden steel plates along her amrs and chest. A curved dagger twists from her hip. She kisses William and stesp away toward attik as the lift rises.

As the lift rises, William stares.

As the lift rises, Love steps backward and steps to pivot and walk at Attik.

Atiik grabs a cloths and kneels on ground and scrubs.

Love steps over Attik and walks the lengthe of the all.

As love nears Guile, the purr of the Mind Trust cool and sooth the itch.

Guile watches the wall and cleans the rag without looking at Love.

Love paces and stands before the black wall. She stands a breath away from Guile's back as Guile scrubs.

Guile scrubs and scrubs and wrinses the rag to scrub the blood from the wall betweeen a portarat of a warrior in full plate swinging swords and a picture of a dragon blowing fire at the full plate warrior picture.

Guile sscrub the wall and see into the Mind Trust. >What do?<

Guile feels head hit like hammer and visiion blue. He looks behind.

Love is goine. Attik tosses a bloody rag along the room. Big Hairy folds a stained sheet and put it in bag. 

Guile walks grabs the bucket ands walks to the skinny service hall.

,,You clean the wall?'' says Attik. She stands before Guile as Guile steps toward the service hall.

Guile steps and hits Attik's shoulers as she spreads arms and places flat palms on the walls.

,,You move,'' says Guile. ''I work.''

Attik lifts foot and tips bucket.

Bucket sways. 

Guile steps back into hall. He lefts the bucket and spills the the piss and blood along the service hall and around Attik's barefeet.

She jumps from the stream the flows to the hole in the service hall and pushes Guile back. ,,You cleanup this mess gray.'' Her face is taught. She looks at big Hairy.

Big Hairy snorts and smirks and lifts the bag of towels and sheets from the floor as the piss blood spreads into hall. 

Guile stnads with back against the wall. ,,What mess.'' He drops bucket.

Attik and  Guile stare.

The stare for a count. 

Guile feels the purr become an itch become a burn to become a paint the think. 

Guile sees to Attik, >You get out of my mind.<

Attik thinks, <No.>

The stares. 

Big Hairy watches Attik and  Guile until the piss and blood spreads over the floor. He grabs teh sack full of sheets and wool nittings with rags and pours them over the ground and begins to soak and scrub the piss and blood from the floor.

Attik and Guile stares until Big Hairy quickly soaks the piss and blood with sheets, nitting and cloth. They stare until the platform lowers. 

Guile feels the purr, and the purr sooths the burn to an itch, and Guile scratches his balls.

His balls feel a tug and balls feel a squeeze. 

Grabs heart dagger and step to Attik.

Attik steps toward lowering platfrom and clenches her fist.

Guile's balls squeese and guts feel to twist then be bunched.

Guile steps and pulls heart dagger from brachning suit.

The platform lowers a body.

Guile throws the dagger at Attik's feet.

Attick leaps back and ducks under the platfor, punches clenched fist on palm and steps forward.

Guile feels balls be pulls from body. He falls to knees, feels the burn of the pain, feels to the platform the heat of pain. 

The platform slips and slams down on Attik as she tries to step from the once slow moving plafform.

William's body lay on top of the platform.







