
Myst and William walk from the tent. They hear silence. Then Dante shouts, ,,A DUEL,'' then a rush of cheer.

,,A duel,'' says William looking back.

,,You can return to the men and ale,'' says Myst rubbing his fingers with hers.

Their arms sway and they walk shoulder to shoulder between the tight space.

The sloppy mud plays for a sweat sound of love. The coughs and talk from campires between tents and the people talking and driking below torch poles. 

The blows cold through the tents pushing path wide.

William shivers and pulls on the playing finger and steps, wraps arms around Myst. ,,Cold.''

She glances back rubbing her forehead agains his chin. ,,No.''

,,I am,'' says Willaim squeezing Myst.

They kiss and stroll and push aside a group of soldiers, who whistle. ,,Get a tent,'' says one soldiers.

Myst pulls away from Willaim, laughs and runs. Her path warms the cold wind William runs.

Mud splats. Soldiers watch. Wind wips tent flaps and flame.

Myst pushes away the tent flaps and runs right then left and finds the path to tent.

William slip and runs and trips. Face hit mud. He slides to Myst's feet and laughter.

,,William!'' she laughs and claps and kneel and wraps her arms around William.

He pulls her to the mud they roll and kiss through the flaps of the tent.

They stand kissing and pulling at collars, ties and sleeves. William takes off hide then pulls of hemp shirt with his hand serching for all the ties long Myst's chest. 

Naked white skin is seen.

,,Whose there?'' says Minst rubbing sweat covered head.

Myst and William glance at Minst the Jan. 

Myst grabs Williams hand is steps fast from the tent. 

The flaps whip in wind. Myst runs with William in tow along the tents. 

They run over mud and rock, by campfires, soldiers, lite and dark tents.

Myst strides and hits open flaps of dark tents peering beyond.

William watch Myst run. He watch her bare arms and the cloths pull back to shoulders. He watches her legs step. He sees her smile shine brighter than the fire light through the tent path.

Myst hits open a flap and stops.

Torch fire light illuminates inside the tent. Two bare cots and on open chest fill the tent. A canvas cloth covers bottom. Folded sheets are stacked upon both the cots. 

Myst and William breathe deep and step inside. 

They kiss and press. Lips mush and press and seperate.

William says, ,,What if someone-''

Myst's kiss his lips and pulls him inside to cot. ,,They will hear our song and leave.''

Their feet shuffle over floor and hands shuffle over cloths pulling and pushing.

William pulls off his shirt.

Myst parts hers showing the gap between her bossom illuminate by flame. 

The cold wind blows over the hot bodies and their minds stare with eyes.

William's shirt falls to the floor.

Their hands meet and twine. 

Myst grabs William's gauntlet covered hand. She smiles and pulls away from his lips to say, ,,The guantlet. Please...I...''

William nods. His hand pulls the straps and pulls on the guantlet...

The guantlet doens't move.

William pulls. ,,It's...Suck.'' He releases. ''I CANT'T'' He pulls and pushes. Then looks at Myst with eyes wide. ''I'll remove it later.'' He leans to kiss Myst.

She steps back and leans head away from lips. ,,William.'' She pulls shirt to cover breasts.

,,It's fine.'' He steps close to Myst. ''I'll-''

,,But-'' says Myst.

,,WHAT!'' says William. His gauntlet covered fist graps Myst and squeezes.

,,William,'' says Myst stuggling to break free of grip. ''WILLIAM!'

William pulls her close. 

She pushes away. ,,Let me...''

,,GO!'' shouts William. He pushes her toward the tent opening. ''GO!''

Myst stumble to stand at exit. She looks at William. ,,William,'' she says soft.

William punches and breaks a thick pull in the center. Rage pushes and pumps  from the gauntlet. A rush of please flows as guantlet hits the pole.

The pole breaks.

,,William!'' shouts Myst as she back step from the tent to the mud then turns and runs.



