
Kirra, Spear, Jam, Minst, Myst, Carlos, William and Buckey slow squishy step and stand before a tall and narrow cave.

Sunlight shines into the cave. It shines upon mud, rocks and bones, a rusted knife and leater spotted with studds, burnt wood. It dims to darkness near caves opening. The beat of drums thump. The goblin screams lower. The shaking vines pass from everywhere to the South.

Spear looks South. ,,They pass."

Kirra hears branches falling through vines. She points North.

Quieter than the raor of the goblin horde, a group of hobgoblins screech and sqwak and swing swords.     

William point to the cave. Myst and Carlos nod.

Spear nods and steps into the cave. Kirra follows.

Minst points to eyes and then steps between Kirra and Spear. 

Myst looks beyond. She steps under the rock and plant frame. Willima and Buckey follow. Bukey's hooves clomp upon the rock floor and crushes bone.

They walk into to the darkness then stand still. Water coats floor. Water drops drip from ceiling. The pebble and dirt shuffle and cunch beneath feet. The humidity and heat conenses and cools. 

William holds sword at side and looks through the opening. 

Carlos steps behind Buckey. 

The sounds of the horde decreases to a distant chatter and faint thump that echo soft down to darkness.

Minst whispers. ,,Steep. Careful."

Kirra puts a hand over Minst's mouth. 

Spear slides and catches wall and holds. 

Rocks tumble and skip down a steep decline. 

The group huddles close. Buckey's head rubs Misnt shoulder. Spear and Kirra stand by side of Buckey's head. Myst and Jan stand between smooth rock wall and Buckey's body. William and Carlos stand by Buckey's rarea and an arm reach near the light from the sun shining above.

Buckey blusters. Minst slips and rocks roll and slid. 

Vines snap. Branches crash and break. 

Hobgoblins slash and step around trees and through vines, flowers and large plant leaves. They grunt and snort.

Two hobgoblins swing swords cutting more vines and tall grass. The step and stand and slice and smack down a thick brush. One hobgoblin slaps side of sword againt the shoulder of theother hoboglin then points tip of sword to cave opening. The other grabs the one hobgoblin with a hand covered with a dented gauntlent. Then follows the tip point to the opening of the cave. They stand and stare. 

Another hobgoblin steps from the vines and plants appearing behind the two hobgoblins. It point to the gourn and some bones and body of a decaying goblin then points to the sky.

All three grunt, snort and hoot loud. They slice away vines and cuc down weeds stepping slow into the overgrowth. 

The group stands and stars at the mouth opening. 

Two more hobgoblins walk past. One stops. looks into the cave. Then it step into the cave. 
The hobgoblin steps into the darkness. Its head and chest hidden in the darkness. It reaches for William. 

Buckey kicks the hobgoblin in the chest. A louds crunch and stap are heard. 

An arrow flies form Kirra's bow and into the side of the throat of the hobgoblin starring at the hobgoblins falling into the light and onto the ground.

Carlos grabs and swings war hammar hitting the fallen hobgoblin in the head. He pulls knife from sash. Mysy presses against wall. Spear steps and swing sword past Myst, William and over the fallen hobgoblin and Carlos and through the neck and below the arror severing hobgoblin's head from body.

Hobgoblins bark and yap with a fast step as the break branchs and falling vines.

The fallen hobgoblin lets out a scream. 

William pierces hobgoblin's neck through with tip of sword.

Carlos grabs its legs and begins to drag it into the cave. ,,The head and the arrow," says Carlos.

Spear grabs the head.

William sheaths sword and lifts the hobgoblin's shoulders. 

Spear picks up the head and neck with Kirra's arrow and steps into the darkness. 

Rocks fall from top of entrance to bottom of entrance.

Kirra, Jan and Buckey step from stone and crunching ground down a steep decline. 

Minst sees the top of the heads of three goblins through leaves and vines.

They hear a hobgoblin shout from above.

Spear with hand holding hobgoblin head by the tusk, grabs Minst should and pulls him to the decline of the cave. They step from rock to stone ledge. 

Carlos pulls and William pushes to the edge of level ground against decline. They push the body over jagged rock. 

The body rolls to stop on boulders with crunch.

Hobgoblins slash and crahs through vines and tree branchs. One stumbles left to right before cave entrance and trips and falls over the headless hobgoblin body.

William steps and slips to a crunch stop. His head remains above the plane to the cave opening. Carlos steps light to lean and watch with William.

Kirra, Jan, Buckey, Myst and Minst stop stomping and crunching and clomb dow bolders, rock and mud. 

Six hobgoblins step before cave opening. Three fall into view from top of cave entrance to the group. 

Two hogoblins kneel near the the headless body. One pulls off steel armor leggings around the hobgoblins ankles, sits and pulls and buckles steel armor leggings around ankles. The other looks at shoulders and then looks into cave by following the trail of blood. It points at the sword from the goblin laying below William and Carlos.

A hobgoblin wearing a shining steel breast plate reflecting the sun into the cave steps slashing a glowing long sword from the vines and leaves.

The hobgoblins standing around step back and allow the shining goblin to kneel Ten goblins wearing chests and leg armor displaying the range of metals from bronze, to steel, to iron, to chain mail push standing hobgoblins away from the shining goblin. 

William sees his family shiled in the center of the brest plate worn by the goblin. He grabs sword hilt and jerk forwar.

Carlos's hand grabs and hold William shoulder.

Rocks tumble and skip from Williams' sliding feet.

The goblins with William's bread plate snaps head up and peers into darkness.

William settles and holds.

The ten armored and armed warrors around the goblin look into the darkeness.

The goblins wearing William's family armor stands. He stares into the cave. He points to the goblin sitting by the headless goblin's feet. The points to the sword and belt. The golbin with the new ankle armor pulls belt and sword from the headless goblin then stands and stumbles between the ten goblins armored and pulling out daggers and raising shields.

The hobgoblin with Williams armor steps away from the cave, turns away. It points to the goblins first finding the headless body. It grunts and grovles. It nearly speaks sounds of the commond tongue, but the squeaks and crocks with hand motions to the gound. It then points to the sky.

The ten fully armor goblins step away with the goblins wearing William's armor. One of the armor goblins gives the six remaining a horn. 

Carlos looks down and pulls William's shoulder down. They step and climb down the lncline slow and silent.

Myst climbs beside William and tosses a feather from her hand.

William slips. Rocks tumble and pebbles bounce.

No sound is heard.

Myst point down toward Buckey and the others all sanding on a level landing.

William, Myst and Carlos climb and step down. William slips and falls back against the steep ground. Myst steps slow and shirt. And Carlos steps and leaps and hops down to landing.

They land on landing with the crunching of bone.

William and Carlos looks up.

,,Reighn has given us a wall of silence to vail our words," says Myst. 

William poinst sword up. ,,That thing has my armor." He points other hand's finger to chest. "Mine." He pivots and begins to climb. 

,,No," says Carlos.

Spear and Carlos grab William.

Carlos says, ,,I have a feeling we will be seeing that one again."

Kirra steps around Buckey and stands by William. ,,What did you see?"

William looks up then at Kirra. ,,Goblins. More goblins. Ones with armor. One wearing my armor. My dads armor."

Kirra nod. Spear puts a hand on William's shoulder. ,,We'll get the armor returned." 

,,It has my armor!" says William.

,,And surround by TEN armored and armed warriors." Carlos says. "Did you notice how shiney and clean and organized and obediant they were to the one wearing your armor."

,,But," says William.

Carlos's calm voice soothgs. ,,William. Have no fear of being lost of the armor for if what we saw is a sign it is a sign showing us of the enmeny we are to fight."

Beams of dim light shine upon the slanted ceiling.

,,Maybe we should climb down and talk?" says William. He walks along Bucky using Bucky's body to guide.

,,What about light?" says Carlos. "I can't see much my poor dark sight and all you hot bodies."

,,I can see," says Minst.

,,How can you see," says Myst.

Minst holds up a hand hidden in the darkness. ,,A ring. A got it with my armor."

,,Too bad I can't go live with your elven friends," says Kirra. "Jan and I can see." Kirra steps down. "We can lead. Carlos, Minst how about you watch the rear and make sure. Once we climb down." She walks down and along the tunnel. "I have torches until air runs out."

Spear steps behind Kirra sliding hand and foot down. ,,Keep talking. It helps see." 

William steps and shuffles foot and finds a footing. 

,,Careful," says Carlos.

,,What should we talk about," says William.

,,What we are doing in a cave in a swamp guarded by the gobin horde that by all omens is after us," says Myst sliding hand and foot over rock and ledge slop. 

William lowers from ledge to rocks and crouch on rocks and decends with hands and feet. ,,It does feel we are being hunted." William pauses. "And it doesn't give to the fate of Shake being alive."

Carlos steps from boulder to rock and jumps between space. ,,Keep moving William. And keep crawling down. Shake can hide."

Buckey blusters and side steps down the rocks and dirt. His hooves slide and skip. 

Kirra steps down. ,,Could they be after William? Or do are they of the fate inspiring Jan to see this land and feel a need for change."

,,Or do they hate tresspassers," says Minst. Minst presses agianst Buckey. "Careful its a steep step."

,,Trespassers," says William. "We're not trespassing. My family controls this land."

Carlos steps after William. ,,Controlled."

Myst pulls up robe and stakes a slow steep step down. ,,Whoever controls. Maybe they think we are with Branch? Maybe their leader wants to get rid of them. And know or think we are with Branch." She walks with short steps down.

,,Maybe," says William. He lifts hands and feet  from rock to rock.

,,And what about this cave." says Spear. He holds sword and steps and lowers slow and steady sensing more than seeing the rocks and foot falls. "It's not a creation of the elements."

,,No," says Kirra. "It is made."

,,The goblins don't seem to like it," says William. "An what is that cruncing sound. Like shell or plates."

,,The goblins cloud be guarding," says Myst.

,,Yes," says William. 

Buckey's hooves slips and body slides then stops. 

,,It's more level in the distant," says Carlos. He looks up. "The light from the beacon may aim not spread way above." His feet land with a crunch and a snap.

,,There's a big hole before me," says Kirra. Then the slope levels."
 
Jan steps up the slope and touches Buckey's head and guides Buckey around the hole and to near level ground. 

Carlos looks up. He pulls a pouch from shash, he opens the pouch wide and pulls out a beacon lamp. He sings an a flat and rubs thumb and index finger to gether.

A flame ignites inside. 

Carlos turns a small wheel and side.

Shutters rotate opening a circular hole and releaseing a beam of light. 

Tunnel of mud and rock surround. The ceiling low enough for Spear and Minst to reach and touch. Drips of water gather and fall from rock edges. Splats of mud fall fall to  Crushed bones and black tiles are on gournd wedged between rock and scattered over mud. Pools of water ripple and and lay calm. Holes the size of arms and bodies burrow into the darkeness above, below and to the sides.

,,Bone?" says William.

,,Yes," says Kirra.

,,Shattered bone on the floor is an omen easy to desipher," says Minst.

,,And reason for goblins to fear going in," says Kirra.

,,Now they have us trapped," says Minst.

Carlos raises  the beacon lamp above to a hole. ,,Now they have you trapped."

The light shines to only darkness.

,,Vents?" says Minst.

,,Maybe," says Carlos.

They step and slide and shuffle down the tunnel illuminated by Carlo's beacon light.

Bone lay shattered on the ground. Pieces bend, broken, rusted armor is molded around rock. Knifes and swords snapped and dull are stuck into the ground like signposts.

,,Maybe you could dim the light, so we can have the securtiy of the dark," says Minst. He tries to smile and looks from hole to hole. 

Spear steps down stone to stone steadying leather boots then looking at a hole above or below.

A soft gust blows from a hole spreading a stench of rot and feces.

Spear holds breathe, steps down to boulder and exhales, ,,The holes are venting something."

,,I smell." says Carlos.

,,This whole tunnel stinks," say Minst. "Like...rotten eggs."

Carlos steps and jumb and leaps down. ,,It's becoming more level."

Buckey slolwy clomps and shuffles down. He slips step and kicks, lets out a loud whinney then bucks to level ground. 

,,Why are we going down into a dark tunnel with crushed bone on the floor," says Kirra.

Spear nods. ,,Why, indeed."

,,Maybe we should climb back up and spy on the hobgoblins?" says will stepping to a stand on a smooth mud stiff floor. 

The floor spotted with puddles and holds. Bone fragments   and weapon and armor piecea are piled agains the walls. 

The ceiling rises above Spear and Minst's reach and beyond the reacch of on standing on the back of Buckey.

Bucky walks in a cicle and blusters, kicks hooves and steps around puddles and holes. 

Carlos back and up the tunnel path warm with their foot prints. Then he turns a wheel onto top of beacon lamp.

The sides of the lamp slide open and snap to form small bars. 

Light illuminates the the wide and tall tunnel.

Two tunnels burrow to darkness left and right. Both tunnels near the height and width of the tunnel travelled. 

,,This is big," says Spear.

Minst into the wide darkness ahead. ,,Huge."

They gather in a group near the middle of the large tunnel spanning forward to darkness. The looks and and stare each feeling to say something, but not know where to beging to ask,
question or comment.

Kirra sheaths short sword and pulls out dagger. She walks from ground and along the travelled trail the the incline going up. ,,I need to know what those goblins are doing." She stops and looks back. "Myst."

,,Yes," says Myst.

Kirra, standing at the edge of the lamp's light, says, ,,How long is the ground blessed with silence."

,,Time is near for material forces to deplate the purity of silence," says Myst. 

Kirra climbs and steps up the tunnel. Each hand hold and foot hold tested before pressure applied to climb up.

The mud and the wet surface of rock caot hands and boots causing Kirra to wipe hands on armor and legs every few pulls to climb higher. 

A few pebbles and rocks fall. 

She steps around a hole in the gound. She crushes old bone and snaps rusted metal. She slows her climb to a steady stealth. She sees dim spots of light forward and above. 

The angle levels from a steep walk and crawl to an angles joureny to a peak. 

She lays on check and crawls along the floor to a gentle ridgs and into silence. Her head breaks the ridge plane. 

Goblins stand around sitting hobgoblins. They push and toss each other into cave and scurry back out look behind and shouting insults and taunts to the fear in the darkness of the cave. They climb trees, one under the other under the other. They pull bracnhes and leaves from trees and toss them to ground, watch them hit. Goblins tied fines and branch to create a frame to weave weeds and grass with leave walls. They create leantos and small cone huts.

Hobgoblins shit and eat and oil and sharpen swords. They pich at bits of rius to blades. They rub the divots where rubies once set. They stare into the darkness of the cave.

A hobgoblin tosses a rick into darks. 

The rock hits rocks and bounces past Kirra with sparks and knocks down the tunnel.

Kirra lowers and crawls and steps down the tunnel. 

A rocks slide and slip. 

She pause looks up, hears not change in talking and no sounds of rock. She climbs down rocks and boulders and around holes. 

A rock hit her on head and bounce down.

A sharp pain stabs head then speads to a dull thorb.

She stand the lowers to hands and knees. She rubs hand over head feeling moisture. ,,Blood," say mummbles. She climbs, crawls and walks on rock and mud. 

Two more rocks hit and tumble down tunnel sending sound further than mass.

Kirra steps to flat wide grund and looks at Jan, Minst, William, Myst, Spear, Buckey and Carlos sitting in darkness.

,,No light," says Kirra.

The walls carry her voice to a soft echo.

Jan and William stand. William says, ,,We didn't want to show ourselves if the horde followed you down. Or the maker of cave wanted use to leave."

Kirra nods. 

Jan walks to Kirra and grabs her hand. 

,,The goblins," says William. 

Spear, Carlos, Minst and Myst pick up backs and sacks and surround Kirra.

Kirra walks to them and with them back to Buckey standing and looking into the deep dark of the wide and tall tunnel.

,,Goblins?" says William.

,,Hundreds" says Kirra. She pulls out short sword and hold it low with knife. ,,Maybe thousands I couldn't see." 

,,What do we do, Carlos," says William.

Carlos shrugs shoulders. ,,Pick on of these tunnel and walk down one of these tunnels."

Kirra rubs her head. ,,Hate down here."

Myst lets back fall from shoulder to ground. She open back flap and pulls out a cloth and leather bag. She wipes hands on cloths and opens leather sack and dumps roll of cloth on hand. ,,I need light, " says says. 

Carlos lifts lanter and twist the top wheel leting thin beams of light illuminate around the group.

,,Kirra," says Myst. "I need you to kneel." 

Kirra rubs head and kneels on the ground and lowers head. 

Myst scrubs Kirra's head then wraps he head with the cloth.

,,Now what do we do now?" says William. 

Carlos turns the wheel on top of the lamp then turns the wheel on the side. 

A beam of light shines from beacon lantern.

Carlos aims the beam of light behind at the tunnel going up. He then aims the light left and into smaller tunnels with rocks sticking out of floor, walls and celing. Then he aims beam of light through the wide and tall tunnel. ,,This tunnel is older and it is used more by some thing that likes to eat gobings, dwarves, humans..."

Minst kneels to the gouund and picks up and coin sized black shell. He holds it in the light beam. ,,What are these?" He points to the inclined tunnel. "They were scattered and jammed between the rocks."

,,Scales," says Jan.

Kirra takes the scale from Minst and breaks the scale in two. She nods.

,,Scales," says Spear. "Like dragon scales?"

Kirra and Jan look at each other. Then Kirra look at Spear. ,,Yes, like dragons scales." Kirra looks up and around the darkness deepene by the beam. She points sword with beam. "I say we go forward. See where it leads."

,,And if this is a dragons lair?" says William. He looks left and right then back. He looks poinst with the beacon lantern "And there is a dragon here."

,,Then it is playing with us," says Carlos. 

Spear nods and walks with Kirra and Jan into the wide and tall tunnel. Minst follows. Spear looks back. ,,William?"

Myst looks at William. ,,Maybe we should remain a group?"

William nods. He looks to Buckey. ,,What do you think, boy?"

Buckey nods head toward Kirra and Jan.

William nods and walks with Myst, Buckey and Carlos behind Kirra, Jan, Spear and Minst.

They follow the beacon lantern's beam of light. The look behind, up and down. The look at the large and small back scales pressed into the ground with bone and armor. 

A cool breeze blows.

Kirra looks up, ,,The ceiling is begining to rise."

,,And there is a breeze. The air is cooler," says Jan.

Carlos aims the beacon lantern up. The light beam ends with a cap of darkness. 

,,How far does that beam travel," says Minst.

Carlos looks at Minst and aims in a circular arch, ,,ABout twenty of you standing on heads."

The light beam signss over smoot rock and must, over puddles and over a body of water hidding with darkness, a big puddle with an object floating with the surface.

,,What's that," says Minst.

,,Where," says Carlos.

,,The big puddle with something floating in it," says Minst.

The beam sweeps over the caven's surface to a lorge puddle with two objects' tops poking throug the puddles plane.

Carlos aims the beacon lantern as they walk to the puddle.

The puddle expands to a small pool. Three white object float below the surface of the pool's liqued. Around the pool lay half bones and a set  of platemail armor missing one side.

,,What are those things," says Minst.

Carlos picks up the part platmail armor and tosses it into the small pool.

The platmail splashes into the pool. Bubbles and foam spead over the platmail as it sinks. The liquid hisses and pops.

,,They're Black Dragon eggs," says Carlos. 









