

-------------------------------------------

I believe Carlos will love the cantrip and the illusion and has masterd all. The will be a spell that allows a caster to displace the origination of the spell like a lighting bolt  or a flame spary that usually shoot from the caster would instead shoot from some area with in sight of the caster. Also Carlos castes a spell that will hid the casting of minor spells. It will silence the words or create and illusion to hide moving hands. If too much movement is required then this will not work. This is a duration spell.

I think there will be a speed addict. I think Spear will be speed addict and will be asking mage to caste him speed or give him speed powder. It is the reason that he and the bandits attacked the mage for speed. The illusion that always follows Carlos as a decoy because mages are always attacked and can be easily defeated if a low experienced mage.



<The_Long_Walk_Home>


Wagon wheel trackes split from dirt road and disappear into the trees.

The road split around a tall triangular house with  a wooden sign swings in the wind. The shape of candle is carved into the sign.

William pulls right bridle. The horse wanders right. head low stepping over mud holes and worn wheel paths.

A few people is on an upper deck of

A livery and a barn fill the space behind the hotel. Shapes are on either side of street.

People sit on a deck holding mugs and pointing at  the sky. Laughter and a shout with Guitar and tamborines from the pub.

A three story bulidins made of woods

The group saunters along the road passing bettween an inn and gernal store, an armory and town office. The clink of hammer and steels echoes.



<After some story told by Shake.>

Carlos sniffs and sniffs, ,,Did you fart or do I smell bullshit."




They walk to a gate. William pulls on reighns. William's horse to trots to gate. William puts hand under robe and mumbles words.

The gate before path swings open.

Trees hang over path. Leaves cover muddy road. Shoes sink between leaves.






Hedge wall grows along road.

There is a pool of muddy water half frozen. Breath small puffs of white. Wood stain seen though rough wood. Cracks split the wall boards. Baords of paorch sqeek and creak.




</The_Long_Walk_Home>
