<The_Keep>
A loud scream of, ,,WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" carries high above the sound of falling rain then fades with the wind.

Carlos leaps from bed roll stumpling over (cleric) and pulling pants up and tying off. Carlos open the tent flap and hears faint whispers of the clink of metal to metal carried by the wind.

The tent flaps blow in with a gust and water sprays inside the tent. 

Carlos steps over (cleric's) and (mage's) feet nudgining the legs along the way. He slip his feet into shoes, puts on tunic and jacket.

(cleric) and (mage) shift under bed rolls. (cleric) tosses the blankets aside. 

,,Some one screamed," says Carlos. Carlos pulls scarf from under bed roll and wraps in around. 

,,I feel something," says (cleric). She grips he talsman around her neck and closes eyes.

,,Great," says Carlos. He kicks (mage's) ankles, "Get up mage. May need you." 

Carlos walks to the flapping tent flaps and walks out.

A shade runs down the path, trips and falls into a puddle.

,,Spear," mutters Carlos. 

Spear crawls from puddle to stand and run down the path and hide behind a crop of bush from trees. 

(cleric) and runs from the tent and down the road splashing through puddles. Carlos hollars, ,,SPEAR!"

Spear dives from behind the brushes and runs at Carlos with sword drawn and screaming.
Spear falls in a puddle of mud.

Carlos takes a pinch of mine powder and tosses it hitting a whisper of C flat.

A dim light hovers before Spears face.

Spears face staring beyond Carlos. The eyelids near closed pupils unwaring in their glare forward.

Carlos waves his hand.

The light floats close to Spear's face.

Light castes shadows between deep wrinkles and and shaking lower lip.

White wisps of hair blow in the wind.

,,A ghost," says Carlos.

,,D-d-d-d-dead," says Spear. He looks behind then to the side. Pupils rattle is sockets.

Carlos points to the tent bending with the wind.

The small light floats to the tent.

,,Go to the tent." Carlos slaps Spear on the back and runs. Feet splash through puddles and mud. Carlos peer trying to see.



---

William slashes, is parried; stabs, is parried. William raises shield and blocks swing of sword. William lowers shoulder.

The paladin's shield hits Williams shoulder.

William slices and hits the paladins chest aromor. The sword skips across.

The paladin hits William in the shoulder.

Willam stumbles back. And jumps back out of the way of a sword slash.

---

The Paladin slams shield into Shake. Shake falls from podium to puddle, then slices William below elbow of chaiin mail shirt. The Paladin stabs at William.

William dodges sword tip and parries sword strike.

The Paladin slams shield into Williams shoulder.

Shake disappears. 

Mary digs in pouch and hold 

---



William and an armored warrior fights under Gazibo.

Mist runs. She runs between the gates, the hedge, and to the Gazibo though crowd of skeltons and zombies. She raise on open palm, mummbles, ,,Release."

Skeletons become piles of bones. Zombies fall to ground. They remain still.

The armored warrior stops swing and stares at Mist. Thge dark warrior parrys Williams swing and counters with a slash that causes William to jumb back.

,,Dark paladin," Mist pulls flail from belt. She grips flail with two hands and hits a shield of the dark paladin. She hits, hits, hits the shiled of the dark palaidin.

The dark paladin stumbles back. The dark paladin raises sword high. He brings it down in an arch to Mist.

William grabs the dark paladin's sword hand.

The dark paladin punches William in the face with sword hand.

Mist swing flail. Flail hits dark paladin's knee.

The dark paladin stumples back and slams shield against Mist. The dark paladin blocks Williams swung sword the swings and hits Williams shield. Then hits williams with shield.

Willams fallos. Mist reaches for her flial. The dark paladin swings sword at Mists head.

Three darks pierce the glove of the dark paladin.

The dark paladin's sword falls to ground. The dark paladin raises shield and reveals a cross bow attached to wrist.



Arrow peirces Mist's arm.

The thee darts in glove of Dark Paladin vanish.

(After the dark paladin is recalled.)

Carlos looks to William, ,,You sure you don't want to be a Cavilier." He points to the draw bridge, "Ain't it true if you kill an paladin of an evil good you can be a good paladin?" 

Spear smirks, ,,William, a paladin, thank a good joke."

Shake nuggeds into Spear as he walks to William, ,,William make a better paladin than that thing." Shake peers at Spear, ,,Better than pathetic bandit."

They proust chest.

,,Rogue's got tongue," says Spear, "You steal that too."

Their chests touch.

Carlos pulls them apart.
----

,,What's here," says Carlos.

William looks at the boarded shutters and doors. 

Wooden walkway missing surface boards. Metal hings gone. The  Waterwheel missing spoke sage to an oval A stream poure over the sides and to a pond full of weeds and lilly pads. 

Sign lay on grounds. Names and pictures covered with mud and moss. 

The roof of the general store a frame of wood. Windows open. 

Carlos rubs a broke rail of the walkway, ,,Too wet to burn."

Shake shivers and rubs arms and stomps in place. 




----

The mud covered courtward a trial of foot prints frozen  in time. 

Piles of skeletons lay at the past of the wall and near a two doors to the keep. Small woodens shafts stick up from ground stapping the foot prints. 

The keeps stone walls raise above the walls. Four floor of rectangle windows are closed with wooden shutters hanging. Four towers round the keepes corners. Each tow cover with a cone stone roof. 

Feet find footing between the deep step impressons of boots and hooves. William step and points down, ,, A dragon."

Carlos stops step and looks left at William. then walk to William and looks down, ,,Yup, those are dragon steps." Carlos walks away and says, "Probably cause the flames on the walls.   





A moat surround the keeps walls.

The group step to the edge of the moat. They stare at the stone wall that rises from the other side of the moat.

Soot shadows of flames coat the bottom of wall and stretch their thin tip to the top.

A raise draw bridge rest agaist the wall. It's edged charred and round.

,,Is  that oil," Willliam kneels by the edge and picks up a stick

The moat a still mass of black.

Mist steps on the stick snapping it, ,,It's goo."  



Carlos points to the top of the drawbridge. (this will need rolls. If it fails the draw bridge doesn't fall and shatter with dry rot. If Carlos miss. Carlos will toss the dart of mining power to bblow up the rivits on the sides. The rivits are were the chains connects.)


,,No swiming across that." Carlos slaps Shake upon the back, "Can you pole vault?"

Shake sneers, ,,Do I look like a flambouant flying bard?"

Carlos smils and looks drawbridge,, Carlos looks at Shake, ,,No, no you don't." Carlos looks at the wall, "I just thought you were carrying a stick up your ass for some reason."


---





The wall:
A parameter of weeds grow between tree line and talll stone wall.

The wall tops the tree tops. The tips of tower tops raise above the plan of forest. The stones in wall chipped. Morter loose and gathering in the dirt and leaves on the base. A few stones lay at base and rolled away. 


Inside The Wall:

Wooden lean-tos and shakes lay fallen and rotting. Doors hang loose n rusted hinges and broken rope.

Rusted steel anvels and fire pokers sunk in mud.

Weeds cover the growns. A pil of stone lay before a rottiing beam of wood along the edge of the moat.  










----

First: welcoming room, security room that is before the stairs. Meeting room. Large dining hall and entertainment pit for a minor play. Closet and storage.


The Second: Gaming and leisure room. The fun room. A guest room.  Private dinning room. Bathroom (bathroom is a smelly stone tube that goes from roof to the basement.Rain water used to clean. Each toilet has a stone lids).

The Third: The bedroom, the study, the private meeting room the prayer room, guest room. Bathroom (bathroom is a smelly stone tube that goes from roof to the basement. Rain water used to clean. Each toilet has a stone lids).  


The fourth floor: observatory, lab, experiment room. this room will not have had a fake wooden floor. One room The room has a spiral staircase that leads to the roof. Bathroom (bathroom is a smelly stone tube that goes from roof to the basement. Rain water used to clean. Each toilet has a stone lids).  


The roof: The roof above is clear save and alter. In the alter is some gold and copper. It is an alter that is old and created by orgers for it is of an oger God. This will tell the pair that what ever is down stairs doesn't care what is going on downstairs.  

----


SubLevel One: The Room of Mirrored Realities

Sublevel Two: Armory

Sublevel Three: Crypt

Sublevel Four: Alchemy Summons room. 


----
Room spans to the edge of the keep. The room's convex corners are addorned with iron doors. On the opposite side a rectangular  stone shaft raises to the roof. 

Wooden beams span from wall to ceiling. 

The floor descends with stone steps  to the center of the  room like a short reverse pyramid. 

The hall walls widen Stone wall raise to a stone ceiling. Tapastries scraps hang limb from iron begs. Torch holds grasp stubs of wooden torches. 

---

,,It's down," says Carlos.

,,Then lets,"

,,William's right," says Carlos.

,,Then we all go up," says Spear.

,,No," says Shake. "We split the group."

,,You never split up the group," says Mist.

,,Mist is right," says Carlos.

,,But we'll leave are back open climbing up. We could be trapped up."

Carlos whisper, ,,We be leaving our backs open if we go down."

,,We have ourselves a dilema," says Spear.

Minster says, ,,I'm sure anyone up has heard us. You've been knocking around like you own the place. When its some dead relative of William who owns this place. Maybe an undead."

Carlos puts veritcal finger over lips, whispers Carlos points the stairs then splits index and middle finger toward eyes then points up and down.

Shake pivots head up and down.

,,What?" says Spear. 

William leans to Spear and whispers to Spear's ear.

Spear shakes head up and down.



---


,,Up or down," says Carlos, "Where's the shield."

William looks behind and forward the up and down.
,,I don't know." 

,,I say down," says Shake.

,,Yes you do," says Carlos, "And you are probably right. Down were the crypt and undead can protect it." Carlos walks down the hall.

,,   


Sticky gew drips from soot covered ceiling. The gew forms  a big drop then a span of grew spreads thin to flow. The gew hits the floor and spreads slaw as syrup across the charocal



---


,,Rogues before bards," says Carlos. Carlos point top of hammer down the steps. 

Shake scratchess head and weaves fingers then pulls hands back. Fingers pop.  ,,Brains before," He clench jaw. And nods head. Walking past Carlos, Shake bumps Carlos, steps to edge of spiral stairs going down, knees. 

Shake rubs the seams between the stone blocks then presses down on the first stair. ,,Preasure."

,,How can you tell?" says William.

Shake point to the seem around the stone block stairs. ,,No morter at the edges of this chair." Shake stretches neck then scratches head. "The floor, the walls," Shake narrors eyelids, "And it looks like a few steps dawn. They all have morter between them." He picks up a pebble and shakes in a closed fist like he's getting ready to shoot dice.

Spear pushes between Mist and William, pushes Carlos gaainst the wall ,,Only one way to find out," Spear lifts bastard sword and jabs tip by Shake and to the stair.

Carlos swing hammer hitting sword to scrap wall. 

Spear grabs Carlos and shoves him against the wall.

,,DON'T! EVER!"

,,SPEAR!" shouts Willaim.

Carlos smiles, ,,If our twitching and wound theif wants to wait, we should wait."

,,He's right." says William.

Spear give Carlos a nudge agains the wall and lift sword blade toword the light inpecting the blade. 

Stands stands, steps back, leaps down the stairs. Right foot catch and pushes off wall. He lands behind curve of spiral staircase.

A click click from below the top stairs.

Shake walks up the stairs. He looks back then up the back then up. Reaching the top, he smiles and scratch head. ,,Looking at the wall below, something must shoot from the stairs crushing what ever is in the way and blocking the way down."

Carlos looks at and smiles at Spear then slaps Shake on the back.

Shake looks at Carlos.

,,Good work son," Carlos says.

Steps scrap sand from surface. Chunks of morter crunch.

Spear crawls silent  down stairs rubbing, blowing and peering to stone door. 

,,Stone," says Spear.

Shake holds finger vetical over mouth. Shake leans ear against the stone door.  


---






---

(Somewhere around or in the castle)

Shake's forearm slams against Spear's chest.

Spear raises fist. Carlos grabs Spears fist and pulls Spear back. ,,Steady," says Carlos, "Shake here saved you from getting snapped in two.

Spears foot flicks wire strung across stone walk way. 

Shake peers and Shake and walk to the wall. He reaches and slides hands across the stone block wall His finger tips find shallow ridges betweeen the block seams. He lifts and slids and sets foot flat against the wall then crawls up the wall like a spider on a web. He reaches and pulls himself on top of the wall's ledge.
 
Shake peers along the Walls top then looks down, ,,We need to walk the wall." Shake points to the floor behind the trip wire. "Theres a preasure plate behind the wire. I can see the the light caste a shadow behind the tile."  







The season:

The are is marsh like. The keep I can almost see. Dark time of year. But getting lighter. Late Fall or early Fall. Things should be changing Some yellow leaves. I am thinking that the rain will be cold rain. The rain will be frozon during the morning after leaving the house. The breath will be white puffs.
                   










The History of The Keep


The keep was built by Williams great great grandparents. They owned then later sold mining land keeping the keep the owners used to secure the land and the minds. The family is known to Carlos who only known as Carlos family as that human family claming ownership to land that isn't theirs. The only holding left in the area is the house william has which was the house of his great grandparents and the keep. Everything else was sold three generations ago and moved further south to warm and dryer land. The keep remaind boarded up until William's great uncle moved into the keep to retire. The years passed and the great uncle went missing. People of the family were sent to investigate the disappearance, but after finding only an empty keep the family holdings abandonded the keep. It wasn't until William, hearing stories from his grand father about the place.

The undead (zombies, skeletons and a ghost) are controlled by an anti paladine call Merlot (maybe but it will probably remain dark paladin), but the name probably won't be told. Merlot can defeat a couple, but not with the what is powerful cleric at turning undead back to dead, and Williaim, who is good with a sword, and Carlos, who shows more skill with the darts and a called shot. The anti paladin will best Carlos, but not Carlos and William and shake. The wizard will get there late, but fire a magic missle. Melot will not be killed by all three. Shake will help. Spear will remain awake. Shake may be the one who kills abar with a back stab after his is disarmed with a dart and asked to surrender and does. I don't know how the dark paladin will be defeated. It may die. It may retreat. I don't know. Maybe he will be called back by the lich sensing that a family member is in the group. A family member that the lich can maybe control. I suppose the paladin is an anit-paladin, so honor and all is optional. The values change, but I think actually the law should remain, but evil be the dark paladin is called. The dark paladin has a clerical spell that can transport all that he wears into the ether of Ghost and float away. It is in this ghost for that the paladin will have spear retreating. ...What about shake. A back stab actually puts the paladin to be called back. After the stab, the dark paladin will fade to ghost and float away. I am thinking of the leaving of some thing to be tempted to take, but know not the need. ...I think in the hall of mirrows they will fight the paladin again, but in a different way. all at different ones. If so then William won't be allowed in because the lich will want to call in the people to kill all in the mirrored realities and keep William hout to be sure to b e able to make it easier to access William how the lich wants. ...The lich is a priest lich. Through the grace of its god the state was given. 


I see the keep of having a deep halls that are covered with charcoal because the mage lord wanted to have crawling space for it's familair to listen to the conversations of people waiting in the visiting room. The keep is pure stone. I think it will be dwarven made from a new invention called cement. The dwarves have learned to make it. All the floors are stone. All The walls are stone. All the stairs are stone. All four floor above ground. ...The soot on the keep is that the dragon created before it morphed to fight and kill the wizard who had  a contingency spell to reserect as in philacary as lich. The dragon awoken by the mining by its home by the dwarves for the family of William who sold the rock to the market for the Dwarfs of Clan. ...The keep will have some cement. A new thing that was old because it was developed by dwarves and humans.


</The_Keep>
