Myst hums and touches the rod. 

The rod vibrates in Myst's hand. 

,,There is a song in the rod beyond the planes of the prime,'' says Myst with feeling.

Kirra digs in ground by cage as Minst clicks and snaps.

Minst pushes door, and door opens.

,,If you are kind,'' says William with look at Minst.

Spear grabs a hand full of rods in on hand in one in another. 

Kirra pulls a bundle of sharpened rods from the ground.

Minst clicks and clacks, and William pushed the door.

The door swings over the ground.

Myst stands from the ground with rod in hand. ,,Shall we remain for the morning drink?''

William says, ,,It depe-'' 

Then a horn blows over the desert. The horn fades.

A shout from the distant follows. 

Kirra peers.

A group of silhouettes to the rise run with the morning sun toward the Wax.

,,The horn...'' says Spear. 

,,Were is the liquid?'' Says Minst.

William grabs a few rock and two rods. ,,Kirra, can you find the the location where John decends into the ground.'' William steps from cages. ''How many shadow soldirs surround?'?''

Myst hums lips near the rod and push the hum from lips to throat.

The song flows soft over sands and between cages. It plays between the arms and legs of Shadow Soldiers standbetween the planes.

Myst sings, ,,The stand near and fall. The walk with us all.''

A shout and cry quiet Myst's vibrating throat. 

Minst fumble and steps, looks at book and says, ,,What about the morning drink?''

,,We go know?'' says Williams. ''We meet the cart where it rises. We ambush.''

,,Won't the shadow soldiers hear?'' says Minst.

Myst holds the crystal rod. She mummbles, ,,Reighn help me sing the song for our...'' She grips the rod and presses and stands.

Wiliam says, ,,Damn the shadow soldiers if this is to be our trial.''

Kirra hears William and peers at the silhouttes to the Rise and running to the Wane. ,,They run Wane.''

William visors hand over brow. ,,Other's with a trial?''

,,No horn blown before?'' says Spear.

,,First night here,'' says Minst.

Spear pases and nods. 

William step to the Set. ,,I will go to the hole for John.'' 

A few more sihlouettes run to the Wax.

,,What do they know?'' say sWilliam. William steps and runs to the Rise.

Spear steps by William. ,,We go. Find john.''

William and Spear step and run. Kirra watche to the Wane and follows.

Minst and Myst stands. Msyst looks at the crystal and humms.

As William runs he looks back and shouts, ,,We go.'' and runds.

Minst stands. ,,Do we go?''

Myst steps. ,,I don't know.'' She steps then runs.

Minst follows Myst.

The pack run. Kirra leads the pack through the cages and over the sand to the rise.

The sight of Shadow Sholdiers spread and span.

The pack runs to see John descending into the ground. 

Kirra throws one, two rocks. 

A rock flies and falls and hits John of the Goblinkins coif.

John turns toward the suns, draws daggers and spins evading a second stone throw.

Myst hears a quiet clicks and bass vibrate throat, and with song she sees Shadow Soldiers that stand still then move at the pack. Myst says, ,,Shadow Soldiers move.''

Spear feels the shadow shift and the sun rise. From cornor of sight, Spear sees the shifting of the planes from shadow to seen. Spear runs as Kirra' rock files. Spear runs past William and by two Shadow Soldiers reaching for Spear. 

John the goblinkin pivot on heel and watches over the planes at Spear. John lowers to a cruch in Spear's path and clicks near quiet.

Myst hears the soft clicks like a surface talk whisper.

Myst leads William, Minst and Kirra after Spear.

Spear leaps. 

John of the Goblinkin stands. John raises Guile's Heart Dagger and the Jeweled Dagger. John says, ,,You shit.''

Spear lands on John the Goblins. Double fists of Spear smash John's face.

John cuts Spear's thigh with Jewelled Dagger and stabs Spear's butt. 

They fall and Spear pummels fists on John of the Goblinkin.

They stop lowering into the ground and begin to rise. 

Shadow soldiers look to rise from the traces of shadows of dips and burn through the desert.

William run to and leaps down and jams two steel rods between the rising platform and the ceiling to a hall under the surface. 

Kirra grabs rods and spins rods as she lepas and sticks rod at angle.  

The top of William's rods press against a dark wall in the dark and an invisible wall in the light. The bottom of rods sink into sand then stop

The platform stops rising.

The rod points on the top of a dark thick ceiling wall slips. 

Myst hears something like a crack. 

The platform rises. 

William shouts, ,,BETWEEN.'' William grabs Spear. 

The space between the platform spance is twice as tall as Spear's chest.

William sees with Myst's vibration shadow warriors standing on the suns.

Shadow Warriors appear near and step around.

Minst steps to the moving ground of the platform he kneels and crawls and reachs for Myst.

Myst hums and kneels and crawls and feels a hand grab her ankle and sees with sound the gabe of the moving platform.

William roll between the plafrom of the wall of the tunnel. and land on rock hard surface. 

A dim light shine along hall. 

The platform rises, and John of the Goblins kins screams with face bloody and nose pumping blood. John jams heart dagger deeper into Spear's butt.

Spear kicks John, pulls body with William.

William pulls on Spear, and Spear slids and falls and hits. 

Myst hits hand on foot. Kicks hand on foot and crawls with vibrating throat between the gap and to the stone hard sufrace with a slap.

The platform moves. 

William grabs Minst as Minst reaches pulls.

A shadow warriors grabs Minst. John grabs minst.

A shodow warrior grabs Kirra.

Kirra stabs on shadow warrior. Kirra kicks John in hte face, grabs minst, push minst between the gap the rolls after.

Minst and Kirra fall and hit the stone hard floor.

The platform closes with Johns' shout of ,,YOU SHIT.''

Sands scrabes and crunches and a rod beds.

The pack breathes and looks. Dense cold air cools the lungs and feels it with breathe. A gentle breeze like the morning blows from one point through a tunnel. Two lights shine to points in directiosn Wane and Wax.

The walls and ceiling and floor are smooth and dark the reflect light.

Then everything is bright! The walls illuminate a clear light. The ceiling illuminates clear through to a dark ceiling. The floor illuminates clear and it appears that the pack is standing on top of an invisible disk around invisible walls.

Minst sees the slight gray hue of the walls and the dark light of sihlouettes. Minst says, ,,The walls and floor and ceiling are glass. Everything is glass. ''

,,Move,'' says William.

,,Where?'' says Minst.

Spear moan and limbs to a stand. Blood drips from his butt. He grabs the Heart Dagger and pulls, glenches teeth. 

Kirra side rods and rock around the rope belt and tears a let of he white sheet cloths and wraps around Spear Waist and butt. KIrra nudge Spear.

Spear steps fast and limgs.

Myst hums and sees the want and wax and follows Kirra nd Spear through the glass hall.

Through the glass walls people sit at chairs and tables. The lay on wood beds and sleep. Below the pack and around the pack, silhouttes of people stand, walk, sit. They walk along halls see below and to the sides and through the fog of sight seen through the thick walls of glass.

The portal shifts and shakes.

A glass rod that extends from the platform to the floor slides down.

Sand falls from the glass platform. 

,,Move,'' says William.

,,Where? What?'' Minst steps and begins to run. 

Feet stick on floor like rubbing againsts a scratch pad. Their bare feet stick to floor.

The pack runs and moves as the glass shaft slides into the glass floor.

They run as fast as Spear's fast limp. 

Spear feels pain. Pain jolts a focus and beats theheart through Spear. The pain clashes with rage, and the heart thumps and pumps, and muscles and bones shift. Spear steps from feet to paws and arms to legs and hair to fur. His snout extends and spans.

Spear becomes a hybridwere rat and runs along the glass hall.

As Spear shifts to a hybrid wererat, Minst click and stans and throws sound toward the descending platform, and flashes of light plane below the lowering platform, and the lowering platform stops, and Minst grabs hold of goblins spell book and ties it around rope belt. 

As Spear shifts to a hybrid wererat, Myst sings and reaches a pitch that feels to shake the glass rod attached to the platform as the platform stops lowering. Myst sings clicks with tongones and castes the sounds at Spear's hip as Spear's hip shits from hman to a hybrid were rat form.

As Spear shifts to a hybrid wererat, William and Kirra lead the push and look back down and up.

William says aloud, ,,The tunnel to the wax and wane are like glass.''

Minst mummbles, ,,It is glass.''

Willaim still speaks. ,,...I see people standing, grates of food. Blurred walls and people standing at desk. There are orcs, goblins, ogers, and a minitora standing in what looks like ice. It is like there are rooms and tables and beds and jail cells and storage rooms. Above is dim. It looks like sand spread over a glass top. Glass below and there are halls. There is a troop of regular soldiers marching below toward the Wane as we run toward the Wax. There are cells along the walls. There are glass doorsd and holds. There is a light that shines from the walls. It is like running through a dwarven buiding made of-''

A pop, crack and explosion. Shards of glass blow from rod. And platform falls. Shards of glass fall behind the pack as the back runs forward.

Behind John and shadow soldiers hit the ground.

The back runs forward. 

Spear leads the pack running fast and striding wide through the glass hall and by the glass walls and around the glass rooms, cells and storage rooms. 

A shiloutte appears before, and through the glass walls through a room of bunk bed, a column of marching soldiers march toward an intersetion in the glass hall.

The pack runs...

Spear runs by the marching soldiers. William, Kirra, Myst and Minst follow. Their arms and shoulders pump and stumble. They glance back, but run forward as the back becomes filled with soldiers and john's shout. ,,YOU SHIT!''

The soldiers behind the pack that cross the intersetion path stand and stare until a soldiers with a black band pushes a couple soulders and slaps another paused and peering at the pack run away.

The pack runs through the glass hall as the light brighten around through walls and rooms and glass bars.

,,YOU...'' hollers John.

Minst breathes. ,,Where? Where...Where we go...''

Spear runs the hallthrough another intersection of glass halls that flow Set to Rise and Wane and Wax. At the corners of the intersection, glass stairs decend down. The walls of halls and decending staircases illuminate.

,,Where?'' says Minst.

,,YOU THERE,'' shouts John through hall. 

John and the shadow soldiers push through the regular soldiers.

Wiliam runs behind Kirra and Spear as Kirra and Spear near the intersection with stairs. ,,It was not my want of fate to be.''

Myst grabs the glass rod given to them by John of the Goblinkin. She hums with throat to see the walls. She clicks with mouth to sooth the burn to Spear. She rubs the glass rod making it hum and vibrate through the halls. A humm rings through the halls, but rings loudest from the stairs lead to the Rise Wane down.

Blows darts fall near feet and back back.

Myst says, ,,The hum of the glass rod guides us down.'' She stops and stesp to Rise Wane down steps as Spear and Kirra run down the hall to the Wane.

Minst follows Myst.

William stops in intersection and by stairs. ,,Kirra. Spear.''

Spear steps a few steps with feelt and stops on glass smeering small blood drips over the illuminating glass floor.

Kirra stops and steps and runs toward William.

Spear follows.

The pack runs down the stairs toward the Rise and Wane.

Blood smears from Spear's paw.

Myst leads the pack down the stairs. 

The stairs turn and circle ot open at an intersection.

The hum from the rod rubbed with Myst's fingers creates a ring singing through the intersection and to the staircas descending to the Set Wax. 

The pack runs down with Myst before and Kirra behind.

Kirra glances back and sees through the fuzzy sight thought glass walls shine the free of beings walking above. 

Through the walls the pack sees: People walk up stairs; stand in rooms; lay on beds. 

Through the glass rooms and the buildings show the rooms with wooden chairs and beds and rugs. Backs of tapestry show through the thick blurred walls as the stairs twist down.

The fresh air blows and breathes like a summer breeze.

A breeze that is inhaled and blows the sweat on faces and blood smeared by Spear's paw.

Distand echos of Johns clicks and shouts of You echo through.

Myst rubs the glass rods and follows its vibrations like a tuning fork vibrating and high pitch was she brings the rod closer to its source of song.

Myst steps from stairs and bumps and group of gnomes wearing overalls and carrying handled box. 

The gomes stomp boots and stumble back and forth. A handle box is tipped and another spilled as Myst steps through the group. Hammers and nails spread over floor. A wrench slaps the ground. A few short people shorter than Myst with faces that looked like they have been squished, steps away from the rush of the pack.

Myst leads over the glass floor down a hall with walls illuminated and showing rooms full of wheels and ropes and platfors; rooms full of beakers and tubes and books. William follows and trips over two wheel and rope. Spear leaps over the tools and fallen gname, William and runs after Myst. Kirra grabs William and pulls William to feet. Minst holds his spell book and runs after Kirra and William.

The gnomes create sounds that hear like snores, moans and words spoke in reverse.

A few gnomes steps from rooms and stand by doors of walls of glass. Saws, hammers, wheels and pulles spin and clack through the hall and through the glass walls. 

Gnome moans and reversse talk follow the pack through the halls. Gnomes step to doors and lift head from desks  to watch the pack pass by their glass walls.

,,YOU STOP,'' clacks and shout a distant John voice that echos through the halls and walls.

The pack runs with the hum of the glass rod through the glass building of gnomes.

Gnome weearing trousers, shirts and blouses with boots and shoes of leather and cotton stand and watch. They watch from door ways, through walls and at intesections while they chissel, dust, peer and carve. 

The glass walls become foggy and dark. The air become thick and heavey.

Gnomes small and big, but none taller the Myst watch with their oval eyes and near black orbs of eyes with white edge. 

Talk and chatter quiet through rooms of tables full of people. People gnomes, elves, humans, goblisn, orcs sit and eat not looking at the pack run forth over the glass walls. 

People fill the halls and the pack run steps to a walk. 

The pack presses together. 

Smoke whirls and clouds with fumes of musk, sweat and piss. Grunts and farts part the people talking with clicks and clacks mixed with surface talking. 

Clear glass look like wood walls. Black smears the ground.

People cough, laugh, shout. They talk and talk. They push and press. An elf dressed with elven chain main pushes past the pack holding a leases. The lease pulls a collar around an orc.

the orc pushes past Myst.

Myst feels the song of the Rod vibrate forth and feels the deep. William says loud. ,,I DO NOT SEE JOHN. SHADOW SOLDIERS.''

Kirra peers through doors and over crowds and tables.

Soldiers weiring red leather and black chain mail stand with short swords and small shields held to side. 

Some one shouts, ,,GET THAT THING ON A LEASH!''

A group of soldiers push toward the pack. Click and clacks smack.

A few people scream and step from Spear.

Other's laugh. 

One wear branching armor steps by William.

William looks back and steps forward. 

,,YOU STOP,'' shouts john's voice.

Soldiers click and clack and point at the pack and steps from doors.

,,Move, Myst, if you want the song to be,'' says Spear.

Spear squeaks and squeals and steps before Myst, and people part.

Shouts and clicks snap of the walls and fill the space left between the smoke and people and heads moving toward a dim dingy light. 

Distand cheers can be hear.

Soldiers can be seen.

John of the Goblinkin says loud. ,,YOU STOP!''

The glass rod vibrates in Myst's hands and she pushes Spear.

Spear leads the pack at a fast walk along the glass hall and between the people. 

Soldiers step from doors and behind the back. 

Kirra looks back, but see no John of the Goblinkiing, but sees the Shadow Soldiers appearing in the dark spaces between the soldiers.

,,Shadow,'' she says with low tone. 

All the pack hear Kirra.

The pack steps fast through the crowd.

A person pushes and shouts near. ,,YOU CHAIN THE BEAST.''

The crowds spread then presses as the hall widens like the top of a funnel into smoke and dim light.

The smoke and dim light. The people are cheers. A few look back. A few talk with other people and exchnage packets and coins. There is a fight. People stand and look forward.

William steps with Spear and clears a path through standing people and by a circle of guards.

People look into the light.

Into the light a fight is seen. Into the light walls of glass span through ceilings and floors to rise taller that four giant oaks in Westmore Canyon. The walls cerface is as clear wind. The wall creates a wall of a massive glass cube around a massive sphere that  glows a dim white light.

The dim light illuminates bleachers of glass the rise to the sides of the funnel opening tunnel. Thousands of people sit in blechers and stare at the cube. The bleachers and the people span around the four side of the cube with the shpere in the center. People span around the pack and stand and stare at the cube.

A few small illusions of a cube appear before.

Before, a few soldiers push toward the pack and Spear and William.

Three elfs and gnome shout at William, ,,BUT IT ON A LEASH,'' then laugh and clash mugs of ale. Ale tips over the rim of glas and spills.

A mug falls as a soldiers pushes an elf to reach for Minst.

Kirra push and stabs a rod into one Soldiers and cuts another as William punchs a soldiers.

The elf that dropped the mug slams forarm agains the coif of a third soldier.

People look at the pack.

And John's voice hollers back. ,,YOU SHIT STICK AND STOP.'' Then clicks and clack snap with John's kant.

Shadow Soldiers form near Kirra as Kirra pulls rod from stomach of soldiers. Shadow Soldier appear near Myst.

Myst hold sthe rod, feels the vibrate for forward and feels two shadow soldiers appear near.

Near Minst feels and steps back and clicks shields and tries to force a head of Shadow Soldiers to turn.

People shout. Heads turn toward the pack. People in stands points. People press around the pack and hold hte back.

All step back from Spear as Separ stands to full hyprid rat height and shows teeth and claws. Spear squeals and hits a Shadow Soldiers.

Thing like a flash, or an unseen command guides the mass of people, the mass of people step back and clear a space around the pack and six shadow soldires.

Three bodies of guards lay on the soot smeared ground.

Lights illuminate the Shadow Shadow soldiers.

Shadow soldiers wear dull back armor that creates to curves or defintion to the body and head. The soldiers stands as tall as William. Their leand body sprout fro the waist like a V. Knives, darts and a short swords lay slid and hid around their definitionless bodies. The bodies that feel to flow with the light and not step. The bodies look to appear where you think they should. The shadow soldiers extends from the crowd and toward the back of the pack in a row of six.

Soldiers guards steps from the distand tall and from the isle between the bleachers and the cube.

John the goblins voice shouts near, ,,YOU STOP. YOU LIVE!''

,,WHERE,'' say MInst as minst begins to click and press away from the six Shadow soldiers.

William steps back with back toward the cube and the crowd and minst and says, ,,BACK AND AWAY UNLESS WE WANT TO KILL MORE!''

People spread as Kirra raises blood covered rods and people see the blood covered cloths of prisoners.

,,WHITE SHEETS,'' one yells.

Clicks and clacks and gnome reverse talks spreads with murmurs and loud talk of White Sheets.

A path of people steps and spreads over the soot and goo cover glass floor toward the clear and clean cube. The light twinkles the path.

Myst hears the path and feels the pull to be torward the cube and the sphere and says, ,,We go.'' She steps and walks finishes the notes with hums of lips to sooth and mend Spear's butt and turns and walks backward. He throat song stops. She sees nothing as she hums with lips and pops and bops with lips the sound of drum and a guitar. Her mouths is a band that places a slow and deep song, so all is seen and a feeling of freedom feels Myst.

Myst steps back and lead Spear and William as Spear and William stand befor the Shadow Soldiers.

Kirra sees the path to the cub and sees John of the Goblinkin.

John of the Goblinkin leads a group of Shadow Soldiers a stones throw from Kirra.

Kirra throws a stone, says, ,,John and shadows and steps back behind Spear and William. ''A path.''

,,We shall go for...'' Williams steps with Spear.

Spear stares his rat black eyes and peers at the Shadow Sholdiers. He leaps! and slams twot to ground with his massive claws and long tall body stretched to height of a half giant. He leaps back in a flash and feels the a cut then a burn along arm to claw as a shodow slices over arm.

The two fallen shadow soliders on ground lay then flow into the shadow caste from Spear and William, the pack and people.

Shadow Soldiers stands.

John pushes near.

A rock his a heard of an orc near john.

Kirra grabs another rock wrapped around sleeve.

Spear steps back.

,,We have a path away,'' says William stepping. ''My fiat feels to follow the open path.

Spear steps back and kirra follows.

Minst presses into the ground and beings to click and breath and spit. Spray of spittle become dots of ice and shoot at the head of a Shadow Soldier. and Minst runs with Myst along the people hall to the massive cube of glass holding an illuminating sphere.

Myst leads and sees the Shadow Soliders stand as John of the Goblinkin steps past their position. Their postion is another stone throw away. 

And a stone is thrown by Kirra as the pack runs.

The stone hits a shadow soldiers.

The shadow soldiers quick march after the pack between sight and shadows.

The pack runs along hte peole hall over the soot and slippery floor. William slides and nearly falls then stick to ground and follow Spear to the clear glass wall. Minst can't stop and hits the clear wall.

Kirra grabs Minst and pulls. 

In a column, the run along tall cube wall and along people standing and people sitting on bleachers.

The bleachers rise high as a bird flies until heads become one.

People step from Spear's path, and the pack follows.

Soliders stand and stare.

The people step behind the back to peer at the running pack.

A few people shout with surface talk. ,,GET A COLLAR!''

The people point, click, shout. 

The pack runs fast along the wall.

Spear flashing and flaring claws gives a path along the walls. 

,,WHITE SHEETS,'' screams a child. A few clack and clicks are heard. 

Soldiers wearing the red and black step from beachers. 

The path before leads to stairs and a tube. The tube rises along the wall The tube is a a murkey glass like muddy water. Sihloutttes stand in the tube and appear to move up and down.

The crowd begins to chant the surface talk words, ,,WHITE SHEETS! WHITE SHEETS! WHITE SHEETS!!!''

The people pound fist in the air and stare at teh pack.

The pack runs to a tube.

A wall of soldiers stands behind the tube. The soldiers wearing the red leather and black chainmail with wooden small shield held before and shortswords at side.

''WHITE SHEETS. WHITE SHEETS WHITE SHEET...'' the crowd chants. The creatures of orcs and orgres, humans and elves, dwarves and goblins and a few blue Id stand and pump their arms with the chant of ''WHITE SHEETS, WHITE SHEETS, WHITE SHEETS...''

The white sheet wearing pack runs to the tube.

The tube has an opening to glass stairs. 

,,STAIRS!'' says William.

Spear leads and William follows into the tube as black and red armored soldiers push through people around. Some one punches Minst.

Kirra stabs the person, an elf, wearing hide armor.

William grabs Kirra and pulls her to the door.

Spear and Myst step to the door into the tube. 

A large human with mucles and buckeer shield  strapped to chest with leather straps wrapped around body pushes against Myst. 

Spear swipes and cuts the barechested of the large human. The large human ducks and steps back and into a skinny elf and big muscled dwarf that wears whites.

The gladiate leaps up stairs and grapples Spear. 

Spear bites the gladiator and pushes. 

William grabs Must and pulls her between Spear, the large human and the glass pole of the spiral stairs. Wiilliam push Myst up the stairs. ,,MOVE. UP!'' shouts William. 

Soldiers step to the stairs. 

Myst, Miant Kirrs step up glass stairs in glass tube.

William pulls on Spear. ,,MOVE! SPEAR!''

Spear and the large human against wall. Spear rips mouth from the gladiator and slashs clash over chest. 

The white ropes on the stairs behind the gladiator step and stumble back. A half-giant wearing an eye-patch and white sheets shout and click.

Click and clacks sound thorugh the tube. The shouts of crowds lower as the pack climbs.

Kirra pushes up the stairs with Minst and Myst.

The white sheet dwarf looks at Kirra. Blood runs down his nose.

William pulls. ''SPEAR.''

Spear moves. 

Willim runs up the stairs

Through the glass tube and glass stairs, the crowd is seen. Goblins soldiers step through the crowds. John of the goblins and the Shadow Soldiers steps toward the tube and stop at the door and base.

At the door and base of the tube where the pack entered, blood covered warriors wearing white sheets climb and crawl after the pack. Five of them follow. An ID, a half-giant, elf and two humans. 

The half giant crouches and steps pounding the glass steps. The half-gaint roars. 

Spear stops steps and points snout at the half-giant. William steps. ,,SPEAR.''

the half giant stands and shouts a deep. ,,FIGHT IN THE BOWL.'' The half giant raises a glass rod. 

The glass rod in Myst's hand tunes a high pitched noise urging her step forward. She sings with the vibrations and there is a Lyric of Rind. ,,Nooooooooooooooooooooooo...'' as the O  continues in Myst mind then the glass room impodes and the glass stairs and tube crack.

A dull thunk vibrates the walls, stairs, floors, bleachers.

The crowd quiets. 

The pack, the other warriors, the soldiers and even John of the Goblinkin stands still.

,,Myst,'' William looks at the crack. ''Myst. You song.''

,,The sound came form that one,'' says a dwarf.

A hugbolins in white sheets clicks and clacks and points at Myst.

,,Myst,'' says Minst. ''Are you okay?''

Myst listens for the song of Reighn but hears nothing and sees nothing. ,,I heard the song wrong.''

All the white sheets look at Myst.

Then John's voice says, ,,YOU SHIT! FIGHT!''

,,FIGHT,'' shout a few people. 

The soldiers below begin to press. 

The pack stands and looks at the crack.

The crack spreads through the stairs and the tube.

Soldiers push White sheeted fighters push white sheeted fighters push Kirra. Kirra pushes back and punches the face of a dwarf. Kirra punch the face of the dwarf. ,,GO,'' she shouts.

Spear leaps over Myst and runs up the stairs and in circles to white sheeted slaves standing and looking at the crack. He pushes and they move.

William nudges Myst, says, ,,We go.''

Kirra pushes off the dwarf and holds to sharpened rods at the dwarf and a half-giant and steps back. Her back hits Minst.

Minst looks at the crack.

the crack spans through the shaft and stairs. the carck is smooth and even like giant blade sliced the tube.

Minst is pushed and steps up the shaft.

White sheets behind look down at the crack and step over the crack then look up teh stairs at Myst.

Myst and the pack and the white sheets walk the glass stairs.

The white sheets, pack and more white sheets stop

The whites sheets and guard look at Myst.

The white sheet dward with bloody nose looks at Kirra.

Kirra holds the rods. And stares at the dwarf.

The dward licks nose.

Clicks and clacks clack and clicck through the white sheetws and the soldiers.

Minst says, ,,We are to fight.''

William looks through stars and wall to see John and the shadow warriors. John talks to a soldiers.

The click and clacks stop.

The white sheets before Myst and Spear steps.

Loud clacks and a shout give way to mummbles of click clacks and surface talk.

White sheets look at Myst and step up the stairs.

The pack steps withe Willima look from Spear to Kirra. 

Spear steps and swings clawed with step and peers at the glances back at him and Myst.

Kirra steps back and peers at the dwarf and the eye patched half giant behind.

They walk to the stares, and the sound of talk and clicking and pushing.

The white sheets push up.

The dwarf with bloody nose steps, stumbles toward Kirra.

Kira pushes back against Minst and Minst presses against William.

Through the windows, shadows soldiers lead by John push into tube.

,,Move,'' says William. ''Move now or the dark will get us.'''

Minst pushes and heaves and says, ,,The will get us.''

,,What we followed was a light sighn of dark,'  says Myst. She steps. ''I heard Reighn.''

,,I hear lots of talk,'' sa\s William. He pushes agains Minst who is below. 

Up the stairs they go a few more steps and a few more turns.

As the turn around the stairs, and through the windows, the soldiers above stand; the feet of white shirts steps fromthe stairs to  a glass tube straight through to the massive sphere in the center of the cube and on the other held of a glass hall.

A glass hall appears from the floor as the stairs turn to soldiers.

Soldiers stand in a two by two row shoulder to shoulder. The two near hold shord shorts out with sword tips point behind. The soldiers click clack and say in surface talk in a quick cut short, like a click, voice, ,,Move, beast. Move, beast.''

A soldiers spits, and spit lands on William. 

Williams steps to the sodiers.

Spear swips.

Shields slam William and Spear, Myst, Minst, Kirra. 

Sword tips press with shields. 

Shadow soldiers appear between the dwarve with the bloody nose and Kirra. They waves hands like a whirl wind while touching quick touches upon Kirra and Minst pushing them pack.

Kirra stabs rods and spins and pushes. A rod hits a shadow soliders another bounces off feeling like snow.

Small snips and clicks are heard by Myst. ,,Where...'' Myst hums and sees the hall the sphere. She sees with sound the white sheet slaves be pushes from the glass hall and disppear into an open sphere her souned doesn't see.

Spear and William see the hall end and the massive glass sphere begin.

The white sheet slaves slide down the side of the sphere to the center. 

At the bottom of the sphere, the white sheets slow slide and stand in groupd and pairs and peer around at the other groups and white sheet slaves.

A soldier behind the shadow soldiers shouts. ,,White sheet go!''

,,Go,'' says Minst. ''Where?''

Spear stands at the edge of the glass hall to the glass sphere.

,,Down, my friends,'' says William.

Myst steps by Spear and steps. Her body squeaks on the way down as she slowly slides over the glass surfce.

,,MYST,'' shouts William. 

The shout doesn't echo. The shout give Myst a sight of the slide with the squeak and down and down she slides.

William steps and slides after Myst.

Shadow Soldiers step and duck and vibrate like wings of fly. They nearly buzz. 

White sheets behind the Shadow Soldiers step from the vibrating Shadow shoulders.

Kirra stabs at a Shadow Soldiers. Her hand hits a shadow soldier, and her body vibrates. Hand drops the sharpened rods. Kirra nudges Minst.

Minst steps to edge and begins to click and clack and aim snaps below feet as he steps to space and steps away. Kirra steps to edge with back to sphere by Spear.

Spear stands and watches William slide down then slides after.

Shadow soldiere steps vibrating and touch Kirra.

Kirra leaps back and lands near Minst.

Kirra and Minst hover above Spear and William and Myst.

Spear, William and Myst slide to a stops near other white sheeted slaves.

The white sheeted slaves add the trio into their stares and peers.

Spear, Willam and Myst stand and stumble as on. With the hum of Myst and eyes of sight, they see and watch the other trios and glance above and around.

Around the glass sphere spans from end to end further than a long run and just as hight. The sphere rests in the massive cube. Beyond the cube, on all sides, but up and down are bleachers and people watching and talking and shouting is see, but not heard.  Around is the glass smooth and hard, but the flat feet stick to surface and grip to pull. Smears of dirt and blood stain. 

Kirra and Minst stand above near the center of the cube near the hall to the stairs and the hole through the sphere. 

Kirra looks back at Minst. 

They stare.

Kirra says, ,,What we do, now?'' She smiles.

Minst stares. And smiles with clicks of tongue. 

The hover a long leap from the hall. 

At end of hall, Shadow warriors stand three by three at the very ledge of glass tunnel from the glass wall of the glass sphere. The shadow warriors shimmer and fade.

John the Goblins stands and stares are Minst and Kirra. He stares down.

Down below, at the bottom of the massive sphere, William says, ,,Sing a song for Reighn and ready those fists for the fight has begun.''

Spear raises claws and puts back to Myst and William's back. 

Myst says and looks up at Kirra and Minst, ,,The trial.''

Kirra says to Minst, ,,Click me two step.''

Minst clicks a rhythm and snaps a point. 

And Kirra steps twice and leaps at John of the Goblins kin and stabs on sharpened rod up and one sharpened rod down.
