A massive sphere of glass rolls in a massive cube of glass surrounded by bleachers seating thousands of humans, gnomes, dwarves, elves, goblins, ogres, orcs and id.

Kirra flies through the air at John of The Goblinkin. She kicks forward feet and palms and hits the glass sphere before John of the Goblinkin's grin.

The massive sphere spins.

William and Sphere step at the bottom of the sphere. Myst stumble and steps feeling the roll.

The white sheet warriors that surround steps and skip. One falls with sheet sweat wet and soaked.

Two warriors steps near the William Spear and Myst as they steps with the roll. 

Spear's claws and paws the surface and begins to see through the gray hase of rage and the beating heart. His butt feels pain no more. His nose twitches and whiskers feel the movent. His heart thumbs and muscles flex. A tingle spans Spear's spine.

Two warriors scream at once as the Sphere rolls.

One swings a dagger while the other swings a sword at Spear and Myst.

Spear is cut as Spear punches the face of the white sheet warrior swinging sword at Myst.

Myste hears the swords and blocks the swing with rods and sings with the ring of rod and sword hitting.

The sword deflects toward William. 

William steps and grabs the hand of the white sheet warrior and punches face once, twic, three times whilte spear reaches and grabs the knife weilding white sheeted warrior and tackles the warrior to ground, slides around back and holds back arme, legs and neck.

Other warriors stumble near and aways as the sphere rolls.

Spear and the knife weidling warrior slide then rise as William and Myst step aways.

The white sheeted warrior with short sword stumbles and rolls away. 

Two groups of white sheet warriors collide and yell as the sphere rolls. Fists and rods punch and stab. Feet kick, and bodies fall. White sheets become red with blood.

As the sphere rolls, Kirra flows down and away from the hall connected to the cracked tube before the bleachers. Kirra stand, grips rods jumps over a hole in the sphere and runs down the massive shere to the bottom and the white sheeted warriors. She sees Myst standing above.

Minst stands above and sees John smile and hears a bit of cackle laugh before the spheres slides. Minst sees the dwarf with bloody nose and the half-gaint with the patch. Minst click and clacks down. The falss and catches the circular wall as it slides and rolls. He sees Kirra run down, but remains on side.

KIrra runs toward Myst and William. She sees a group of three peer at her then step toward her.

The group of three runs along the bend of bowl at bottom of sphere and at Kirra.

Around white sheets fights. Blood stainds. And the sphere rolls.

Spear rolls up with the sphere, and Minst rolls down with the sphere. 

Spear feels the white sheet body relax and smells a rush of pain. He feels a rock hit head and sees a dwar shouting. ,,WERE!''

The dwarf shifts into a were rat ripping the white sheet and making the crowd cheer.

The cheer is not heard. All that is heard is the breathe and talk and clang of meatl. There is a moan and song.

The song sings from Myst. Myst sings to see and sings to feel to fill her mind and the sphere with a fear in a deeps bass that feels to boom from her. The white warrior cries calm and quiet to breathes and gunts.

Myst sings, and William feels the hunger and pain sooth with the notes and fade with silence of the song. Minst feels the music loosen the tongue and mouth sore from clicks and playes notes that ease the burn of the magic lines of the goblins mark. The song sings, and a few people step away from Myst and Wililam as they stand.

As the song seeks with hight pitched sounds, the trio of white sheets rush to Kirra and steps around.

William sees and steps with Myst toward Kirra.

A half giant falls and tumbles at Willam and Myst.

William pushes Myst toward Spear and the rotate up.

The sphere then shifts and slowly spins. 

Minst sits on sphere half way between the hall and the bottom by the hole that was before the all.

The sphere begins to slowly spin on end.

Minst slides down the sphere side, clicks and clacks steps then snaps and spits at the trio of white sheets near Kirra.

He peers and begins to sketch with mind a circle and mind and fingers then fills the circle with sound and snaps fingers toward the three attacking kirra.

His snaps sing with Myst sounds and send a circle foroce that shimmers from Minst to the three attacking kirra. 

The sound ball shimmers and slams two of the white sheet warriors.

Kirra steps, rolls and leaps at all three.

One of hte three near kirra falls and stumbles down the glass. It's body flops like a doll. 

The other hit my MInst's spell stumbles steps and leaps at Kirra.

Kirra and the warrior hit. Kirra is stabbed in arm cutting forearm and punches the face of one warriors and stabs at the other still standing. 

The other still standing grabbles Kirra. Kirra and the other fall. The hit the one standing warrior and fall, roll, tumlbe. Kirra bites the warriors ear to the bottom then kicks and punches frees. 

As Kirra rolls toward Myst and William and a tumbling half-giant, she punches and is punched then hit the half-giant. 

William pushes Myst toward Spear and leaps over the rolling half-gaint, lands, stumbles and tumbles near William. As he rolls Willaim sees Spear and Minst.

A dwarf shifts into a hybrid were rat and rushes from Spear.

Spear rolls away from rock.

Rock is thrown by a hafling who sprints away and toward a group of hafling white sheets standing in a circle of ten. The stand still. Another rock is thrown.

Spear looks at the hybrid were dwarf and the halflings and runs toward the halflings with paws pounding.

The halflings scatter their white sheets and throw sharpened rods.

Spear feels rocks hit head and shoulds. And feels a rod slap paw, but runs on and leaps upon a hafling, rolls to bock and hold the hafling before the dwarf.

The wererat dwarf lands on two haflings. Claws and knife blades are swiped. Bodies bend and roll and step from cuts and slaches. 

The pack of halfings forma a cirlce around Spear.

Spear leaps from one hafling to another. 

One hafling pulss white sheet from body and flings the white sheet at Spear.

The white sheet covers Spear, and Separ feels a rope loop around body and pull.

Speaer falls near the were rat dwart and begins to thrash and cut the sheet wrapped around him. 

Two hafling wrap Spear with rope and blanket while a third rushes to stab Spear. It screams.

The hafling scream is just one scream and shout from the mouths of the battling white sheets. Rocks smash faces and nose. Rods whip back and stab thights. The white sheets roll to bloody  rags. 

Blood sweat and mud smear over the glass.

Beyond the glass the crowd stands and pumps arms, shout and chant. The shouts and chants fall silent to the sounds of the battle.

The sounds from Myst sting the battle to a song that fills the pack with pride of each and focus of victory.

Minst slides and steps down the sphere toward Kirra, snaps and clap and flings arms at the warriors.

A sonic boom hits a human white sheet over Kirra. The being flies and lands. 

A rock hit's Minst head. 

Rocks fly from a group of elfs with one human. Rocks bounce of glass.

Another sonic boom snaps and crack. 

Myst, Kirra and the warriors around fly from a point between Kirra and Minst. All land on glass.

Kirra hits sphere surface near William. William stand and lifts Kirra and punches the human pulling her braided hairs.

As Kirra stands, she bites free the humans ear.

The human shouts with moans and grunst through the sphere. 

A ring in the ears of the pack thump with the heart until Myst song of Reighn sings away the pain.

The song plays with some clicks and clacks and snaps.

A flash of fire claps from the center of white sheeted humand and elfs standing around a half-giant throwing rocks. The fire flash covers the half-giant and burn hair and sheets of the six warriors around.

The six warriors fight with first and strinkings rods some white sheeted dwarves, elves and human.

The sphere shifts and rolls. 

Clicks and clacks shout against the song of Reighn.

Williams shouts, ,,COME TO ME AS ONE SO WE MAY FIND OUR FIGHT.'' He slams his covered guantlet fist in the face of a standing human. Kirra kicks on in face and steps over.

Minst steps and stumbles, hits William. They fall on the half-giant.

The half-giant rolls and swings arm with a moan.

The sphere rolls silent.

The warriors step, swing and bleed.

Spear bleeds from arm. A haflings blood drips from paw fist.

A rod stabs into Spear's side.

And Spear slams paw at halfing in white sheet.

The halfling goes limps and falls toward Spear as the sphere turns.

Spear rolls down the rolling sphere wall away from two haflings and a wererat dwarf swinging and fighting. Spear rolls at an angle near Myst and stands.

Myst sings and swing a rod at the half-giant's hand that reaches for her as it rolls.

The half-giant rolls over William and Minst and under Kirra as Kirra leaps and steps up the wall with the rise of the Sphere.

The sphere rolls and rise, and William rises with a pull from Kirra. 

Minst gets to knees. 

The pack binds and walks down as the sphere rolls up and as the packs fight. A were dwarf fights five halfings to its needs. A ground of white sheet warriors around a half giant fight with burn marks and singed sheets. A mass of humans and dwarfs stumble and fight, wrestle and pull, kicks and scratch. 

Shouts and grunts play with the Song of Reighn. A calm vibration sooths the pain. A rocks is throw at Myst, and Spear swats it down.

William shouts. ,,WE REMEAIN AS ONE. WE LIVE,'' He holds rods. 

Kirra stands with back to Minst and sides to Spear and William.

Minst fumbles steps and jostles btweeen the four. 

Then the floor stops. The sphere stops the roll and holds.

Minst peers. ,,Way is the hole at the bottom?'' 

Three haflings run for the pack. A wererat dwarf chases three others. Two warrorios in Sheets and a half-gaint stand with swipes.

,,Death,'' says Kirra.

,,Step away,'' breathes William.

Spear lunges at the halflings. And kirra swings and stabs at the half-giant. William slaps aside the half-giants huge hand with rod and ducks a rock thrown. 

,,Where's the hole?'' say Minst.

Clicking and clacking raps and snaps around the sphere with Myst's song of Reighn. 

Minst clicks and clack.

But then slaps and taps hit Minst's body and Myst's face. 

A loud clap snaps all soud and a boom of fired expodes. Fire burns Minst, Myst, William and flames lick Kirras back and braids.

Spear runs through two halfings and runs toward a third standin in the sphere above clicking tongue and lips and point and chanting.

Spear runs and leaps at the halfing and hits a wall. Spear falls to the ground. 
Flames blume over the pack. William fells the pain of burn on hand and neck and holds the scream to breathe and smack iron rod against the head of the half-giant as the half-giant hit William. Wiliam stumbles and falls.

As William stumbles and falls, Kirra stabs the back of the half-giant and staps aside the rod of one of the three white sheet warriors. Then throws the rod stuck in the half-giant and stabs in another of the three warriors.

As William stumbles and falls, Minst feels the seer of flames, the blindness of fire lights with a distant click. Clicks and staps and the flame burn smokes. Minst chockes and coughs and falls to knee.

As William stumbles and falls, Myst feels the flames she feels her song and sees beyond and sing a pitch to pierce and feels the song cause the pain of a hafling standing as it waves it's hands and misses its clicks. And Myst turns to see William fall.

As William stumbles and falls, Spear steps paws from the ground the runs up and around the clicking and arm waving hafling and around three halfings that throw rocks 
near Spear.

The half giant roars and rolls and tries to bite William as William falls. One of the three warriors stabs at Kirra with a dagger and cuts her sheet and scratches skin. Another of the three hits the flying rod of Kirra with forearm and punches with fist and hits Kirra's shoulders. The third of the three rolls near the hole.

Kirra lands by the hole, and William tumbles and rolls near the hole.

Myst feels a rock hit her head and the back hand of a half-giant brush her back skipping her song and causing her to step forward.

A rod and a rock hit Spear as he runs and leaps near the hand waving halfing caught between studdered click. The rock hits head and the rod flies and htis the glass. Beyond the glass the crowd cheers and stomps. Some press and pound against the glass cube around thesphere. 

Inside the spear, blood, sweat and sand smear then been and look to roll and flow to the hold in the center.

Kirra stands and grabs a third of the three as he stands holding head and pushes him to the hole in the center of the bottom of the sphere. Then punches and grables another of the third. 

William hits the one of the third and smashes sheet covered hand and bare fist in face and stamach then head butts the one while stepping away from the hole and hte half giants. 

The half giant roars as it slams back hand against the hole in the ground. It kicks and fusses and reaches for William as William steps back from the one. It kicks at Kirra and Minst.

Kirra feels heel push back and snap shoulder. 

Minst his hit to ground.

But before the foot hits Minst's check Minst makes a sound. A low thunk with tongue and aims the sight at half-giants head.

As minst and the half giant's head fall, A rock hits William in back; a chill spreads through Spear.

The half=giants's head slams the glass with a thunk and the body lay still.

Minst lay still.

Myst moves to sing a pierce wiht her song of Reighn. The song of rieghn sooths the pack and the peirce causes hands to cover ears and body bodies to tense and cower.

Rocks hit Myst, as Spear hits the halfling.

People scream and shout and press hands aganst hears. Rods and rocks drop. 

Spear only hears a sooth song that lulls his mind to bite and claw and smell of the rage around. 

The halfling bleeds. The halfing claws. A brilliant flash appears after a click and click, and the hafling is gone.

Two rods hit Spear. Hit thunks butt and stabs wound. Other stabs and falls from Spear's sids and Spear strides to Myst and Minst.
Three halfing run from Spear. Four halfings lay bloody with a wererat claing one.

Minst hears Myst's song and feels the strenght in her bass vibration and alto rise of maon with bird tweets. Minst pushe ground and kicks pushes the half-giant to the hole. The song sings and his burn sooths as the head of the half-gaint slips to hole.

A shimmer appears around Myst...

The song of Reigh Goes silent from all.

Willaim feels and sees two come from behind with rods stabbing and steps on curve of Sphere and...

Kirra and the third roll and punch to the hole in the center and steps by the half-gaint. Kirra is punches, bite, and a head hits her cheeck and eyes still sore from a burse ago.  

A flash jolt Kirra and her foot slips. 

Another first hits her chest as Kirra punches, punches, punches and punches hersefl from the third of three and steps on the half-giant.

Kirra's foot slips over the edge of hole in into the hole, and Kirra falls.

As Kirra falls, Willaim runs from Kirra and throws shoulders into a muscled human and feels an eblow stab into side, fist and rock hit hip and the fall with the warrior agains the sphere. 

As Kirra falls, Spear hits aside a halfing warrior and runs for Kirra and the bottom.

As KIrra falls, Minst kicks and kicks the half giant and looks back to Myst with a  few clicks and snaps aimed before Myst.

A shimmer and a red glaw and two rock thrown at Myst hit an invisible wall.

As Kirra falls, Myst reaches out and feels the magic silence surround her voice of sight. She sees only the dome. She steps and feels and hears only silence.

The Myst hears, Spear sqeak and shout, ,,KIRRA.''

Kirra falls and grabs the edge of the hole. 

The another of three does fall in the hole and hits Kirra. 

Kirra slips as Third of Three warriors crawls and reaches for her hands. He pounds fist on her hands as Kirra hangs. And Kirra hangs  down a glass tubt that fade to darkeness.

A drop of sweat falls.

Kirra lifts and holds and grabs the third's wrist.

Spear hits and pushes the third of three hitting Kirra. 

The half-giant falls. 

Kirra lifts from the hole.

Minst sees Kirra and clacks and clicks. 

Light flash below kirra.

Kirra pulls and rolls by Spear.

The other warrior runs from the falling and the blood toward all the other warriors.

All the other warriars spread over the bottom of the sphere like bits of food stuck to ta bowl.

BOOM! A sounds shakes and quakes the minds.

The pack, but Myst can't see for sight is something they can't find.

William still wrestles as the third.

The half-giant surrounded by elves and humands swinging rods and knives are now bleed, falling and running and fighting.

A Id stumbles and falls with three humans pushing to toward the hole. The Id wraps its four arms around two of the warriors and falls. The third wall falls near Kirra. 

Kirra kicks to a stand and hits the third human pushing the id toward the hole.

The human falls, and Spear watchs, stands and scampers away as clicks and clack sounds through the sphere. Blood smears across the glass.

Spear leaps and runs fast toward a hafling stand, nearly laying, on the side of the sphere snapping fingers and clicking tongue while peering at Spear and the other wererat.

Spear runs long the edge.

William sees Spear from the side of sight as he rolls and slips behind a tall human about the size of Spear. A bright flash shocks william. His head slaps against the sphere. William pulls both the arms of the human back and knee along spine. AS he pulls the arms back and pushes the spine forward a head comes back and slams his nose. He pushes and pulls.

Myst sees William, Minst, Kirra and Spear. Her voice fades, and she goes silent as a song in side begins to play with strings and guitars. 

William rolls and bends the hand of warrior wrapped in his arm.

There is a snap and a scream and the warriors shouts.

Minst stands and stumbles and steps to Myst.

Kirra leaps over the hole and steps toward Myst.

Myst sees a light flickers around William Minst and Kirra and Spear. The lights fade. Time feels to stop for Myst.

Then cries and shouts and clicks and clack slap the sound around.

Myst's song still plays in her mind as she finds a rod in her and a hafling running at her. 

Then another halfing throws a rock at her hitting her in the head. 

William sees Myst get hit in the head. William shouts. ,,MYST,'' and leaps to a stand and runs to the side of Myst slamming body in a halfling. And they hits.

When William scream, Spear doesn't hear. Nor does spear see the lights flicker around him that Myst sees. 

Spear slams into a halfing as he feels snaps and clicks of electric flashes pulse through his body.

Spear cuts the face of the halfiing. 

Blood flows from claw marks in the haflings cheek and jaw. 

the halfing diappears. The hafling appeaers Myst who is by Minst who is near the hole, and Spears sees.

The hafling appears by Minst and slaps hands and blows at Myst into Minst and Myst at the hole.

Minst fumbles fings and snaps with clicks and looks at the hole and falls at the hole.

As Minst falls at the hole, William feels head slam agaist nose and he hallers a roar like Spear and grabs head of human, jerk head, snap head, and the human warrior's neck cracks.

As Minst fall at the hole, Kirra reaches for Minst grabs Minst's shouler as a rod hits Kirra's forearm.

As Minst falls at the hole, Spear runs and leaps over Minst and Myst and at the hafling with a scratch on cheek and chin. 

The scratched hafling dissappears.

As Minst falls into the hole, Myst falls at the hole.

Spear grabs Myst's arm as she falls at hole. His claw scratch Myst hands ands she slips and falls and sings.

Myst hangs. Sings and sends a high note. 

William pushes away the limb body and rolls to a stand to step down the arch of the sphere toward Myst and the hol

Minst falls into the dark and feels nothing...

,,MINST,'' hollers William.

Spear squeaks a roar and plls on Myst. Kirra pulls Myst and rolls with rods raised.

Minst falls and doesn't hear or feel, but feels to float in darkness.

And in darkness Minst disappears from Myst, Kirra, Spear and Kirra.

Myst reaches and hums reaching into the darkness.

Willim pulls Myst back.

Kirra rolls and stands around the hole. 

Spear grips the edge of the hole and Myst as William stand and raises rods.

White sheet warriors lay still, moan, limb, fall, kneel. 

Sweat, blood and mud smears over the glass. 

Sheets tear, rip, tie around arms and legs. Cuts and scratches bleed. 

Three groups stand and a few lone beings walk with their white sheets to the top of sphere untit the can climb no more. 

The groups press. A group of four halfings guard a hafling with scratched cheek and chin. A group of two elves and three huamsn stand bloody and hunched around a half giants with burn dkin and singed black hair. A group of a id, elf, dwarf and a hugobln. 

The white sheet warriors stand, breathe, stare and pose for striking.

The ground shifts and rolls. 

,,No,'' shouts Spear with squeak that breaks to a raor. He slams paws against the edge of the sphere and against a glass surface in the darkness.

The sphere rolls and pushes Spear. 

William drops and slids two rods into the hole.

Kirra stands and watches the other warriors.

Other warriors step with groups and place peering with rocks, rods and knives in hands.

Spear moves arm from the hole in the sphere sliding smooth over the glass. 

The sphere hole edge hits the rods. The metal rods hit a wall in the dark.

The dark appears beyond the sight. 

William sees the rod bend and break, and the sphere moves without stop or pause.

The metal pops and Spaer slams the glass surface now over the dark hole.

,,Minst,'' says Myst.  

The groups around stand their ground only casting sounds of deep breathes and heaves. A few moans and coughs fill the silence of the sphere.

''Minst,'' says Myst.

Wiliam looks at the grounps and individuals of white sheeted warriors. ,,We will find our friend if need break this glass city and fight the goblin army to get to him.''

Kirra spits. ,,We kill John shit.''

Myst looks thorugh the glass and hum very low vibratios with lips as a tear falls. 

Spear sees the hafling with a scratch on cheeck and chin.

The scratched haflings clicks and spreads arms as Spear rushes. The haflings around the scratched rasise rods.

,,Spear,'' says William as he steps. ''SPEAR.'' William runs. 

A rock is thrown. 

The grounps around tighten.

The sphere's turn. 

Spear nears and muscles flex to leap.

BRIGHT LIGHT SHINES. BRIGHT LIGHT BLINDS. Bright light makes the world white.

Spear's sees white and leaps into the white and hits a a solid wall.

William covers sight from the burning pain seeping into his brain.

body tenses, falls, rolls. Mind feels like a needle pokes through.

Bodies fall with hands over hears and fingers trying to stop the light from seeping all around. 

The sphere stops. 

A cackle laughter fills the sphere.

John of the Goblinkin says, ,,YOU ARE INNOCENT.''

The laughter raise volume through the glass.

And  then one by one the white sheet warriors fall to knees, lay to ground and sleep.



