Jan feels ground pull her down. She feel energy pull hard on right arm and soft on left arm. She feels the cool acid and the frail.

The energy pull from right flows around the acid pool and through the acid pool and into the dragon eggs.

The enrgy pull from body through left arm and left hand flows like an arrow through the cool pool of acid and through the eggs and around the bodies of the baby black dragons.

Energy flows from the baby black dragons through the egg shells, the acid and into Jan.

A warm burst flows from arm to chest to body. The warm burst pumps in pulses. He tense body relaxes, slumps. Her arms bend and fold. Her shoulder and head lay on ground.

The warm energy from the ground flows through body.

She folds her body fetal.

The soft pound of the baby black dragon causes soft contractions of her supine fetal formed body.

The warm energy glows from Jan's chest and heard flowing to a hot ball of energy.

Jan feels the heat. Her body sweats. Her fingers and hands twitch.

Hot balls of energy grow and flow to one.

A flat shock of a pricusive bang blows from her body.

A sphere of energy speard from Jan through the rock, bone, mud and rock of the ground. it flows through the cool acid and stale air. It flows through the dragon eggs and through Kirra, Spear and William. The sphere of energy stops and fades leaving a William and the Dragon eggs a low glow. 

Jan feels warmth from the dragon eggs and a cold from Willaim. The warmth and cold flow from William and the dragons.

The cold from William sends chills along her body as it flows to her heart.

The warmth of the dragons shoot to her mind.

Jan feels weight. flowing from head to heart and from heart to head like a blank swaying on a folcrum.

Jan feels fright fill her body and pull it toward the dragon eggs. Jan feels love flow from her to the dragon eggs. Jan feels hope flow from her body to the dragon eggs then from the dragon eggs to William.

The weight drops.

The feelings fad.

Jan lays supine on the dragon lair's floor.




