,,HELP!'' hollers echoes.

Minst, Myst bump heads and wake.

Guide stands near Kirra. ,,Loud humans drowning in river,'' says Guide.

Kirra relaxes the stress on her bow and steps from the trees. She steps and silent runs toward the shouts past Jan.

Naked Jan appears behind Guide.

Loud talking and splashes echo with shouts of, ,,OVER HERE! THERE! HELP!''

Spear and Willam break their cuddle and grab their swords.

,,Guid,'' grumbles Spear.

,,What?'' says William. He rolls and stands and stumbles. He looks at Myst and Minst then walks toward Guide. ''Why you?''

,,People. The one below. Drownin,'' says Guide. 

,,A trap?'' says William. 

,,William,'' saysy Myst pulling her hide around her neck and arms.

The cold seeps deep into the waken minds.

Minst feels the cold from the winter night and feels the freeze from William peer at him. Minst stands at touches the spine of his spell book and the components on belt. ,,What is...Where?'' he looks at William.

William step toward Guide and naked Jan.

Naked Jan falls falls to water into the ground then flows in the groud then into her algea cloak. She grabs back and runs past Guide and toward Kirra.

Kirra runs courch along the ground using fallen trees, boulders, mounds of dirt and the star light shadows to down the hill sized mound of mud.

The water rages below then calm into a pond.

A clutter of flame lights and a sphere of magic light illuminate along the river. The light illuminates men tieing rope end to end; humans kneeling near the edge of the muddy banks of the river; humans running away from the light then shouting, ,,Help! Help!!!''

A person hold onto a roots of a tree as the river pulls at their body.

Kirra crouches on top of a boulder an arrow shot from the shouts. She cups hands and creates a cry like Fineal.

Jan, Myst, Minst, Spear, William and Guide hear Kirra's bird cry.

,,Fineal,'' says William.

Jan says ,Kirra.'' Then with staff and cloak.

,What does it mean,'' says Minst.

,,Come silent.'' She steps and stride watching step and pace down to Kirra.

,,What about my armor,'' says William.

,,Leave it,'' says Myst. She ties off her hide coat with sneer at William.

William grips guantlet. ,,What about an ambush? What if they trying to pull use from our camp.'' He kicks his armor under a tree trunk and gathers his pack.

,,Sing,'' says Spear as he runs past hammar and pick in hand. His frozen hid shoes crunch with step then runs.

William drops his pack, grabs swords and follows leaving Myst and MInst.

They run following Jan and Guide to Kirra, who stands on a trunk.

The group of human dressed in hide coats, pants, shirts, mud sweat holding a rope gripped by a human pulled by the water. The torch lights flick with wind spreading sparks through the night.

Pitch forks, shovels, sickles lay on the ground and stand stabbed into the ground. 

Kirra watches. She hears Jan and Guide and watches. 

Jan and Guide stops and stand.

,,Fools,'' says Kirra.

Spear and William step and slip with Myst and Minst. 
 
Mud slides and rocks tumble.

William slips and nearly tumbles and hits, but feet sink, and Willaim catches and runs past Kirra, Jan and Guide and Spear. His feet lurching fast and wide to keep him awake.

Before Spear can speak, he steps, slides.

The people standing near shore pull in rope.

...And William runs with the momentum, down, down, down. His feet catch. His body flips and tumbles to boulder hitting with a thump near the shore.

the shores men pull on a rope held by two men in the water. Their hands shake and shiver.

,,ON GUARD!'' hollers an old man lifting a pitch fork.

,,The Milita,'' says Kirra watching from above.

Guide looks from Kirra to Spear.

Men pull, and feet slip and sink into the mud.

Mud slips and seeps into water and flows away.

Spear jumps and slides, jumps and sides and skips and runs down mountain.

Like a shadow of Spear, Guide leaps down the hill.

Myst steps from standing Minst and steps and slides down the mountain clasping Reighn's Star. Minst looks at Kirra and Jan then he step and slide slow down the huge mound of mud. 

Kirra stands puts blow to back and arrow in quiver then leaps pulling sword before she lands to jump and skip down the mountain. swinging at branches of trunks that stand in the path down, down, down...

Down to where the river washes away the banks by the river the flow to an ice cold pond spanning the wide canyon.

Down to where William pushes and pulls self from mud and trunk and crawls to stand to see.

The men dressed trousers and caps of wool grip frayed ad knotted rope of ropes grabbed by two men. The two men kick from the trunk.

Mud along bank brakes and is washed away.

A man pulling rope slips into to river.

Spear leaps to tree trunk and vaults over the wide river sinking feet into mud while grabbing the man falling into river and grabbing rope. 

A pitch fork and jabbed and spear.

Spear dodges pitch fork, grabs base, thows.

,,YEILD FOR HELP!'' William pulls body and to the top of the trunk of fallen tree.

The trunk of fallend tree lays on bank. William stands on top.

The old man with the pitch fork steps away from Spear. ,,THOSE OF THE CANYON!''

,,BY MY THE HONOR OF MY FAMILY THE <FAMILYNAME>, WE ARE HERE TO HELP!''

The old man may steps back and runs.

Spear's body is struck with keep cold that is roared away as Spear pulls and steps from water to mud to dirt.

Water washes away the mud from the dirt, and the rivers spreads. The water pulls at two men holding the rope.

The river spreads, and Kirra leaps and runs in stride with Guide to its river bank. Kirra leaps across the river and lands near Spear, grabs rope and pulls. Guide leaps to ground and grabs to rope and pulls.

The men in river flow up with rope.

The men pull and the rope pulls on the men and river. 

Spear roars and pulls.

The cold burns and numbs Spear's legs and bodies, chills William's body, cools Kirrra's face, bites at Minst fingers tips and dims Myst's Star of Reighn while Jan feels no cold or heat as she waters to the camp. 

Jan grabs her pack, Kirra's pack, Myst's pack, Williams pack and armor and Spear's pack and broad sword. She finds a pair of Grun's Glasses and a couple of component container of Minst. With a slow walks she stacks the pack's items into a pile then kneels and pushes hands into the mud as she hears the roar of Spear.

,,PULLLLLLL!'' says Spear.

They pull. The rope moves.

William stands the tree trunk.

As Myst and Minst slowlu step down. Myst focuses and begins to sing the song in Reighn's mind to warm the cold and strike a cord along the rope to give it strength as the pieces of the rope brakes one by one. Minst fumbles and stumples, he grabs some dust he stands behind an above the tree trunk and claps hand and speads.

A shimmer and shine glow over the top of the river and the two river banks near spear. 

A man holding rope loses grip and flows through the swift river toward the wide pond. 

Two people run from the rope along the shore. 

William runs along the trunk to trunk's end then leaps into the muddy bank.

Feet sink and slip and the run becomes a walk.

Two more peopel drip the rope and run after the freed milita member. One scrams, ,,YLOOOOOOOOON!!!!''

Jan doesn't hear the shout nor feel the freeze of party parts.

She feels nothing but the plants, animal and dirt surrounded by water. She feels and pushes water from the surface to the ground.

Water seeps and raises from the ground and forms a round container around the pack's backs and items. 

A perfect Sphere of ice is formed all before the scream of, ''!!!OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!''

Yloon smacks and thrashes agianst the river.

People along the shore run along the bank of the river. A few stumble and fall in the mud one falls in the river.

,,AWAY,'' hollers William. He clenches jaw. ''Fools.'' He spits, clenches fist and punches.

A ghost fist flys from gaunttle and opnes and grabs the Yloon.

Minst steps from the river bank to the river top appearing to walk on water.

Spear, Guide and Kirra pull on the rope and pull the other person to shore as the other's run to or away from Yloon floating in the air grasped by a glove. 

Myst watch William and watch Yloon be put on the ground as William hums to mind fighting the will not to squish Yloon.

Yloon feels the deep squeeze and crawls and clawa and the ground while the fist remains its tight and tighting hold then it releases. 

,,HUUUUUZA!' Hollers one.

Jan hears the cheer with the wind, but only feels the wind as she rolls the packs, swords, bedrolls and armar along the ground toward the talks and the shouts.

The talks and the shouts.

The talks and shouts surround Yloon. 

Spear grabs the mand in the finver and pulls him to the shore.

A group of men push back spear and cicle the man then pull him back to a group. The group covers the two men with shirts pants like their pants and shirts.

A few men grab pitch forks and sickles.

Kirra pulls out her sword while Guide looks at Spear

Spear steps from the mud to the ground.

,,THOSE OF THE CANYON,'' hollers one.

Spear stops. 

,,We are from Sunfall. Through the Sunmore Canyon.'' Minst says loud walk waking from bank to banks as if on top of the water.

Myst steps guuck through the mud to the shield bridge to the other side and rushes to the mob.

William watches and sees one with a sword step from the group of men and rush toward Myst. He slams his ghost fist against the groud between the two. ,,REMAIN!'' Shouts wiliam. A face of rage strikes deep and the huddle group spreads and walks back.

,,Their of the canyon,'' says one.

William walks to Minst bridge puts hand on sheath. He stops and sees the empty scabbard. ,,THE SUN FREEZE,'' he shouts. He looks up the hill

The dim sun rise caste sihlouettes of the huge mound of mud and the mounts and the countours of the canyon. He looks back at the groups and climbs.

William doesn't see Jan and Jan's ball rollig down the hill.

Jan leads the rolling back pulling water from the ground for an ice path for her to follow and the ball of ice to roll.

,,What's that?,'' says Minst.

,,AMBUSH,'' hollers one of the group. The scatter leaving a couple helping the Yloon and another man once in the river.

,,Jan,'' says Kirra.

Spear smiles. ,,We move.''

William moves and walks away from Jan.

Jan slides down the mountain with water seeping to the surface for a froze path down the mudd hill side, over the river and to the bank of the river. She walks from the ice path. 

Tha ball of ice melts lays spread the backpacks, armor bundle and backings.

,,Where's my swords?'' says William. William steps up the hill.

,,William!'' says Spear.

,,My sword,'' says William.

Spear nods as he steps backward up heal and overrocks without looking back then runs and leaps over river.

Everyone, even the shivering men from the river, watches Spear.

,,WOOD,'' says Kirra loud. ''They freeze before town.''

Men stand around and stare.

''FIRE WOOD, NOW!'' she hollers.

Kirra and a few of the men walk to pine patch and gather wood while Kirra pick dried pine cones and Jan, Myst and Minst and two men quickly clear snow and dirt.

Spear and William kick rocks and roots. Wave legs and hands into shadows. They break sticks and peer along white snow of star light. They set short and kneel and look under logs and between brush. The step zig zag up. They step with a spreading ache from stomach and slide of mind through a light cloud haze of staring.

Kirra feels a drop in stomach through a hollow hole that feels to expand as she stacks pine cones in a mud pit. She grabs pack from pack stack.

,,Hungry,'' says Minst looking at the fire.

KIrra nods.

Myst grabs stare of Reign and puts hand on pine cones.

A fire burst the burns from one pine gone to another pine cone.

Minst stares.

Kirra says, ,,One piece of clothing.'' She looks at the two men, sitting by fire shivering and trying to run arms. ''Be naked.'' She watches Spear and William walk side to side leaps wide along the path of William up the mud hill.

Spear and William walk zig-zap through the cold muds and rooted trees and plants peering into starlight shadows and could white puffs of breath. The walk back and forth, forth and back, back and forth, forth and back, back and forth, forth and back...

,,How long will they look,'' says Minst tossing Blue's armor toward Kirra.

Kirra catches Blue's armor and tosses it at on of the two men shivering as they strip wet cloths from body.

,,Until they freeze,'' says Myst. She tosses hide gloves between the two men.

Jan throws blue's armor between the two men shivering and naked.

,,Dress,'' says Kirra.

The crunch of snow and talking gone quiet catches Jan's and Kirra's ear to hear the talk and whispers from the men carrying wood from the pine thicket.

,,Enemies, canyon, killers. Army. Dante. Guard,'' are spoke between words covered with wind, breath and distance.

The men walk and stack wood by fire.

One man, with no wrinkles and patchs of short beard steps from group toward Kirra. ,,Iza,'' He tries to meet Kirra gaze flickering with the growing fire. He nods. ''We, we.'' He makes eye contact. ''We thank you.'' He nods then bows and steps to the woods begins to put wood on the fire.

Myst looks at them both then watch Spear and William walk back and forth...

,,Where are you from?'' says Minst at the group of men looking at wood and dressing the blackclad armor.

,,Where are you from?'' says rough, cracking voice, from the fire shadows beyond the small pile of words.

,,Calm,'' says Iza.

,,Quiet boy,'' says the rough, cracking voice.

One of the men dressing in Blue's armor looks at Kirra then Myst then Minst saying, ,,Thank you.''

Jan kneels with the words by the fire and arrange smoldering and wood pieces and burning wood pieces to warm the smoldering wood pieces.

The fire pops and fizzes.

,,Wet,'' says Jan.

Kirra nods and steps by Iza and between the men putting wood on fire.

The other shivering and putting on Blue's armor looks from Kirra to Minst. ,,We are from Lyno. My name is Ural. We came after hearing the fall of the wall.''

,,As we came when the wall rose,'' says the other.

,,Back,' says a man by the wood. He peers at Kirra. 

Kirra swipes wet wood from his hand and tosses it by the fire and Jan. 

They stare. 

He looks at Kirra' swollen face and burning stare reflecting glaring rage in the dim dawn.

,,Wilter,'' say Iza.

They boths stare until Kirra laughs and pushes aside Wilter and says, ,,Wilter.'' She grabs wood, ''Wet wood,'' then she begin sorting it with Iza.

,,Sorry,'' says Iza, ''But we...'' He looks at Wilter then Ural.

Ural says, ,,War and fear fight the manners from us.'' He puts shaking hands near fire. 

,,Survival and solitute create the Kirra,'' say MInst.

Kirra glances at Minst with no smile of laugh.

Minst nods, says to Ural. ,,Is the goblin horde near?''

,,Front line, if that's what you call it, is couple days walk. Peopel say last until Midvalley.'' He stares at the growing and glowing fire. ''But they say it's not moving. People say the army's stuck in the snow.''

,,Stuck with the lord of the dead,'' says one from the shadows of the small wood pile.

,,Do you know what caused this wall to rise and fall?'' says Iza at Minst then looking Myst.

,,We caused it to fall,'' says Minst staring at the fire then feeling the stares of Myst and Kirra.

,,You make the mountain fall,'' says an excited voice from the darkness behind Kirra.

Kirra glances and sees hand to push. She dodge the hand and pushes the body toward Url and the other man on the gound. Kirra hold short sword and dagger in hand.

Jan and Myst stand but and grab staff and mace.

Minst stands by fire and looks up.

,,Eary,'' says Ural.

Eary pushes self from snow and mud and fling hand back. ,,They destoryed my land.''

,,We didn't make. We fixed the worng.'' Kirra steps to put Iza and another man playing with dagger under coat in path of short sword.

Ural glances at Kirra, Jan, Myst, Minst the Spear and William.

Spear and William walk back and forth with cold hands and ears. They walk and look and peer. They touch trees and roots and sticks with hands and feet. Snow is brushed and rocks are kicked. Hands are clasped and rubbed. Hunger spread through bodies as they walk, step and drag feet.

A shout and souunds of weapson sliding from sheath ring.

Spear and William both hear the swords being drawn and stand and watch on the mud hill side.

Ural looks up from his sitting. ,,They can kill us all.'' Then he looks to the side at Kirra. ''Please.''

,,We mean you no offense,'' says Iza. "We came to inspect the change. Fell into the receeding river bank...'' He flops hand and shakes head losing stare to the flicker of the fire.

Kirra lowers swords. 

The fire grows. The stares into it deepen as Kirra silently sorts wood. Jan arranges fire. Minst looks at Url as he pulls wet bark from wet wood, looks at Iza and Wilter then Spear and William all while touching the spine of book and components on belt. Myst lets the pops and fizzing of fire ignite a song that rise with with sun.

The sun light glows from a deep blue to a light blue through the silence and through gray clouds floating toward the canyond.

A wind gusts at the fire blowing the flames and glowing the fire ambers.

Spear and William walk bath and forth, forth and back feeling hunger spread.

Kirra feels the pain as she tosses the last piece of wood on the wet pile.

Myst and Minst feel slight pain and Minst beings to think of mushrooms, beef jerky, tomatoes...

Wiliam and Spear stop their back and forth.

William says, ,,Food.'' He looks into the light. ''I will return with more light.''

,,Jan move packs,'' says Spear.

Spear nods and they walk down the hill watching the pack stand around the men from the village as they hear talking.

,,Are you of this canyon?'' says Iza glancing at Minst then to the wood. ''We.'' He looks at Kirra. His flat face is smooth with the white of the night. ''We.''

,,We knew one name Dante lead many people into that canyons manys suns and moons ago,'' says Ural. ''I walked with him when there was only a small hill and river.'' He looks into fire. ''Told him canyond would swallow them.'' He looks at Minst.

Minst looks at Myst and Kirra then says, ,,Don. Did you meet Don?'' 

,,I never met a Don,'' says Ural. Iza shakes head.

,,He created the wall, and it was his spell that altered it to this hill,'' say Minst.

All stare at Minst with eyes prying his mouth to open and talk.

Minst looks to Myst.

Myst lets the song of pops and fizzels lay to the background as she watch Spear and William walk to the edge of the river bank. She stands and steps near Myst.

Spear stares at the river. ,,Looks wider now cold.''

William nods.

Minst says louder than the rush of the water. ,,The shield should still be spanning from river bank to riverbank.'' He steps from fire and to the river.

Myst reaches to grab his arm, but lets him walk down to the river bank near a wide rectangle sheet of ice spanning the river. 

The river rages along the edges and over the sheet of ice. The bank mud breaks and washes way.

William nods and steps the bridge, slips and lands to a crawl over the river. He steps on the other side Near Minst and avoids look to Spear.

Spear runs leaps, cracks and steps to the shore as the ice washed away. He stands by Minst. ,,Magic hidden by nature.'' He slaps Minst on the shoulder and walks to the fire.

Cold wind gusts between Minst and William.

They stare as William stands. 

,,By the honor of my father, I say to you my actions were beyond my control, Minst.'' William stares at Minst. ''And by that honor I will control my rage  no matter the cause.''

Minst nods. He flashes a smile, says, ,,I don't remember your rage.''

,,Good,'' says William. He puts an arm around Minst, and they walk to the fire with flame reaching above Spear.

Warm flame touch the dark blue sky. 

A dome of light spread through the horizon. 

Snow capped trees and open fields span the valley below. The flickering lights fades. Whinnies and snort, blusters of horse are heard with a few shouts.

William, Spear and Minst walk the fire.

Kirra eats a hand full of nuts and tosses a bag of food at Spear. Spear catches the back. ,,I need more than nuts.''

,,Where's the boar?'' say Spear.

Kirra chews.

,,I would love a mutton, stew,'' says William.

,,Bread,'' Minst says. ''Fresh bread.''

The stare at the fire and eat nuts and roots as the sun rises.

All six stand in their patch covered cloths and thin bodies.

,,I would be kind to return the cloths later,''' says Ural.

,,Yes,'' says Minst.

Jan nods and stands.

William, Spear put packs on backs and gather bags.

Iza stands by the fire. ,,We.'' He stops with William and Spear look at him. Then continues. ''Ural's wife makes a stew that can please the Gods.''

,,And I just might invite them if they can tell us a little more about these costumes were wearing and how they know Dante?''

Iza looks from Ural to Spear and William the Kirra.

,,We helped helped Dante live in peace with the black clad warriors of the canyon. The armor is a gift,'' says William as William and Ural stare.

Spear and William look at the old man next to Ural nods. ,,We can go as I feel warm.''

,,We should walk the pond's parameter and the leveies,'' says Ural. He stands in the black clad armor and shakes. He looks at Spear. ''Thank you for saving our lives.'' Then looks at William. ''Please follow Iza to thown and he will find you some bread and stew.''

William says, ,,My name is William.'' Then he nods.

,,Ural. My swiming partner is Quin. Iza, Lane, Rylie and Allen,'' says Ural.

All nods and make wordless noises of greeting.
        
William looks along the mud hill then to the fire. ,,Food, warmth. A night without fight or watch.''
        
Iza laughs. ,,Don't believe fight or theives are not found in Lyno.''
        
William's weathered face stares at Iza as he stops and remains quiet.
        
,,We can search with the sun,'' says Spear.

William stares and nods. He looks at Spear. ,,After Zenith. Food.''

Ural, Quin, Lane, Rylie and Allen gather picks and shoves and packs. They extinguish fire.

The pack tightens packs. Lace boots. Stuff packs. Secure sheaths and scabbards. They help extinguish fire.

The cold gusts of wind blow the cloud of campiresmoke.

Minst coughs and kick snow.

The fire hisses, pops, cools. 

The smoke clears. 

A crisp blue spans the horizon. A valley spreds beyond the sight and the blinding sun top. 

Sun light spreads over the snow capped trees, fields fence and roads between patches of trees and clusters of buildings. Sun ight shines over the surface of the lake spead from the mud hill, the far side of the canyon agains the sheer wall of the mountain to a distant beyond a run.

The shine dims with clouds and caste the silhouttes of Ural, Quin, Lane, Rylie and Allen before the pack.

Ural stares across the group. ,,If news you bring of peace between the people of the canyon is true, this will be the last of the season we will need to check the dikes and leveies.'' Ural smiles. ''If the levey is broke. I may want you to help to find this Don.''

A few men stare hate that the pack as they follow Don's step around the top of the rim around the pond.

The pack stands and stares.

The clouds part and the sun beams shine between shining twinkling light long the top of the lake then from the lake to the sky and around the pack before the shimmer reflection fades...

,,What was that?'' says Minst.

,,The same lights I seen,'' says William. He looks at Myst. ''Reighn.''

,,Or dancing lights shining through the morning mist,'' says Myst looking at Iza. ''Lead the way.''

Iza blushes, lowers head and leads.

Kirra, Jan, Myst, Minst step after Iza.

Wiliam looks at the mud hill.

Spear slaps and puts arm around William's shoulders, says, ,,Food. Sleep.''

The wood food triggers a hollow to spread through William and pushes the legs to walk. 

Spear follows. He pulls out his warhammer and pick. ,,If you can master the long sword you may yeild the bastard.'' He taps head of warhammar against the warhammer hanging on Wiliam's hip. ''That warhammar you hold is a weapon that will be envied through the valley.''

William looks at the trail as walks.

,,Where's Guide?'' says Minst.

,,Gone,'' says Kirra. ''Before gathering wood.''

William smiles and lifts head. He looks back at Spear, ,,If you leave your body again to speak with Guide ask to find my father's sword.''

Spear smiles and feels a ping of embarassment as Minst says, ,,Leave you body,'' says Minst.

Minst steps off the traili to look back at Spear. ''What happened?'' He looks at William.

,,I have never left body,'' says Spear.

William looks back at Spear. 

They peer a quick stare then William looks forward to the ground. ,,It's a joke,'' says William.

,,A joke,'' says Minst.

,,A joke between Spear and me,'' says William as he walks with the pack, and the pack follows Iza's lead.

The trail spans along the open slope of the moutain and through patches of pines and oaks to the valley. The trail switches back and forth through shurb and snow. The trail leads with mud  and a white forest.

The white forest span until sight sees only light and white. Rays of sun shine between the trees  illuminating the hung faces of the pack.

Hunger spreads through the pack. Bodies feel the ache and strike of pains from stomach. The hollow of hunger spreads and depresses bodies and silence talk with thought of food.

Smells of mutton and strew flow through the wind and the trees. The smells lead the trail through the trees and to a road as wide as a wagon with deep ruts running along a straigt tree line and open field.

Four houses hide underssnow drifts and snow dips. Smoke flowing from smoke stacks flow and blows and flutters.

Blows and wagons stand covered in snow.

The road spans and leads Iza and the pack past houses one and two then four and ten along field after field throw the shrinking shadows of the morning. 

The smell of fresh bread hangs between the trees. 

The road runs through trees and houses then builds as the tree line draws a span and spread of buildings arounda a cross roads.

The smell of bacon, bread and rosemary flows in the breeze and hangs in the stagnat fly buzzed roads.

The cross roods spans the four direction. Shops, stalls, cells, rooms, hotels, forges and a massive building spread along the mud roads covered with tents and leantos.

,,What's the building?' says Minst.

Iza slops through mud. ,,The Public House.''





