Darkness coveres. Darkness spans. Darkness hides the pack from the pack.

Quick wiffs of smoke flavor breathes, but do not choke.

The pack lay against the concave wall and flat dusty floor.

Guile's muddy saliva strains suck in and out of mouth. Snott hange from nose.

Spear slides his sitting position, leans toward Guile, slaps Guile on back. Spear feels chest pain bend and pop needle pricks.

Guile feels the thuds and coughs.

,,YOU'RE ALIVE,'' says Spear. Spear smiles, and though only few see, all feel.

Guile smiles and laughs a kackle like Shake.

William says, ,,Sounds like Shake.''

There is silence.

Hearts beat, and lungs heave. 

Kirra stands from her kneel and steps from the concave wall. He hold on end of a bow and her dagger. 

William holds the hern's pack with the plater.

Myst sits with her hand resting on the base of her drum rubbing the torn top. She mumbles and hums with throat and reaches for Minst.

Minst lays on the ground. Blood runnel from eye scabs. He heart beats slow.

There is darkness.

Evern for the night sight the dark and the cool creates calm.

There is silence.

Then Guile coughs. He clears throat looks back and spits. ,,Hungry.''

,,Thristy and tired,'' syas William. He dry coughs. ''I would have thought to believe you wouild be use to a haze of smoke inside close space.''

Guile smiles. ,,I don't not understand.''

Spear says, ,,This smells like Were Vain of Mountain.

,,Yes,'' says Guile. ''This smells like home.'' He looks to darkness and sees Kirra step into the dark along the smooth dusty flooor. ''I sneeze and cough at home.''

Flare hits side of fist against wall. She hits floor with wall. She says, ,,What stone?''

Guile clears throat and spit. 

Spit flies as Giule blows and wipes dust away.

Guile likce the ground.  He smacks mouth. And rubs tongue around mouth. ,,I taste iron slag and ash.'' He wipes the licked ground with sleeve of robe of Reighn and licks. His tongue smacks mouth. Guile says, ''It tastes like granite.'' He looks at Flare. ''It is congrete.''

,,What's concrete?'' says William. William leans and stands on knees and hands near Minst.

,,A bond created with stone, ash and water.'' Guile looks up. ''It is weaker than solid stone.'' Guile sit lotus with gut pulliung back to bend. He mouth breathes and grabs his two daggers. He looks Spear. 

Spear looks at Guile.

Guile looks away.

Spear says, ,,The cloth for torch.''

Guile pulls the worn rags from pocket of Robe of Reighn.

William squints throough his Hern's Glasses and sees faint blurred lines to define Minst.

The Hern's Glasses side brim of nose to nose tip. 

William sees dark. ,,I will hold the flame and lean.'' William stands. 

Minst breathes deeps and calm. 

Spear stands and feel chest pain pulse then spread and fade and He stretech back. He grabs the torch and war hammer. He hooks war hammer and touches the top of his basterd sword. He stetrch wide walks to the door area and sniffs. He smells a thin breeze blow whiffs of smoke.  ,,Smoke.'' Spear walks around and says, ''Guile and I entered through the door. Across the dark the wall curves, and stairs are found. Flat ground. Guile says this is probably the tower base.'' Spear stretch. ''I believe this is the tower's base.''

William stands. ,,It be the base then we have found the entrance.''

Kirra walks into the darkens holding the end of long bow and dagger. ,,We have a path.''

,,And that path has remained.'' William walks along the wall into the dark seeing only blurred scribbles through the Hern's Specticals. ''And we should rest.''

Guile sniffs. ,,We should eat.''

William stands. ,,There is nothing to eat for the rot of bones out side will taint the stomach and the stores are gone.''

Spear strikes the flint to sword.

Sparks shoot and jumb.

A torch bruns and illuminates the dark.

Spear lowers the torch to Minst. ,,Minst sleeps. Minst saves.'' Spear raises the torch. ''We rest. We remain.''

William stands and takes the Hern's glasses from head. ,,We should know what is along the stairs if we are to rest in this open area.'' William rubs and cut stinking shoulder. 

Kirra walks to the dark. ,,I will walk.

Flare stans with small shield. ,,I will walk.'' Flare stand and follows Kirra looks back to Spear. ''Where we go?''

Spear says, ,,staight through the dark.''

Flare nods, and Kirra leads.

Guile watch the two leave then sniffs. He lays on the stone and closes eyes with mind tracing the burn impressions of the coals and flames cluttered with smoke. 

Guile snores.

And Myst fells the snores strike mental cords and begins rough notes of song from her mummbles with Reighn. Her finger tabes the drum base. She grabs her star or reightn and hums and puts hand on Mins't chest.

Minst's heart beat strong and calm. 

Myst sings, ,,May the song sing for you...'' She lets her soothing soft soulful sounds spread to silence then sings each verse. ''May the song give a clue.... Then the song will be for you... Then the song felt by few...'' She hums and taps her finger on the base of her top broken drum. 

Guile snore calms. 

Minst heart beats strong and breathe inhales and exhales deep. 

As Myst hums, Spear stands next to William with torch. 

,,We may want to walk with Kirra and Flare for the dark hides the unknown.'' William squints at the light and the dark. ''And all this is unknown from reality.''

Spear soflty laughs. ,,Kirra knows.''

William smiles. ,,Is that the truth we tell, shaman?''

The stand and hear Myst's song and watch. 

Kirra and Flare walk the dark. Flare's foot slaps ground while Kirra walk silent.

Kirra ppers through the dark and sees the shades of dark blue and black. 

The floor spans, and they walk, and Myst's is a echo whisper.

Kirra and Flare see stairs...

Myst's song sing around the pack near door. She sings from lips with the ambient sound song creating consonce from the disonance.

Spear can barely hear Myst's song after the big boom. He barely hears himself say after silence between William and he, ,,I will miss Shake.''

They stand and stare and the light.

Myst's song become hums. 

Myst closes eyes and finds the deep beat of heart and breath. Her body song spreads and sings with Minst body song. They sing a duet.

Minst's heart beats, and his lungs breathe. Colors and shapes shift to relief and marks then swirl pain through brain until a song sooths it to sleeps. The marks and reliefs become shapes and colors.

Colors span form the torch light.

Flare and Kirra look at the spot of light the torch light castes as the stand far from the pack and near stairs.

Stairs ascend along the wall winding up like a screw. The stair steps appear like stone block sticking from wall.

Kirra steps on ones steps. She feels to foot fall and fix. 

The stones feeling step holds and hangs.

Kirra walks the stesp with Flare to follow.

Up the go the steps and around the walls watching the fire dot held by Spear...

Spear stands for a time next to William as William stands and stares.

William says, ,,I miss Buckey.''

Spear nods, ,,I miss Buckey.'' He steps and walks by door area, sits and rests back against wall. He says loud. ,,Buckey always carried us when we couldn't walk.'' He puts torch against wall. ''I still remember Havring Beer and the festive.'' He closes eyes, yawns. ''I remember wondering how Buckey got us home.''

William smiles. William sniffs and wipes and tear and stands...

The torche light castes his shadow to the dark.

The torch light shines below Kirr and Flare as the steps stairs to a ceiling.

Kirra touches the top and rubs had over the celing top.

The stairs ascend to the ceiling.

Flare says, ,,We go up.''

,,No,'' says Kirra. ''Sleep.'' Kirra sets on step near the celing. Her head touches ceiling top. ''I sleep here.'' She puts knife and step below and rests bow over legs extended over stone steps.

Flare steps down and leans against the wall. ,,I sleep down.''

Kirra leans back against the wall and closes eyes.

Flare steps backward, turns and steps down following the torch light down the stairs. At the bottom of stairs she pull her black chain mail from body, unhook scabbard and puts shiedl by side as she lay on ground and stare at the torch light.

The torch light burn until all but William are asleep.

Sleep is deep. 

Song of Reighn sings from Myst's to William, Minst and Guile. The song sings calm William minds as he stands in darkness and without the cry. Inside the song Myst feels caste through her to Minst's body, mind, soul. Minst feels the notes if not the devotion and the touch ease the strain of colors and shape shifting in minds as the song gives the shapes adn shifting a beat and a flow. The flow of song ebbs and circles around the voice and acts and the clicks and the clacks of the goblins talk grid in Guile's mind sings along with the song of reighn spinning around the edges of sound. 

In the center of Guile's mind, is a mumble the a talk, <...You find that you mind is a thought that ought not be brought into a psycho's house. You will know how it goes when the mind goes mad. You are not sad nor mad nor glad nor had from the louse. You brought us in, so now we will win the price of your time...> And Guile feels his bones shake and shiver. 

Guile shakes and feels a hand decend to his... ,,NEIGHT,'' hollers Guile and rolls and flails from William. Guile stands with jewelled dagger in hand, and William standing before him.

William stands and stares and feels Guile's peer and rage. William breathes away his startle self say, ,,Guile, you were stabbing with the dagger and laughing like Shake.

Guile breathes and stares and feels the rage gripping jewelled dagger beat to calm and Guile grabs his heart dagger. ,,Yes.'' Guile steps and sits and puts the jewell ed dagger into seath and hold his Heart Dagger underrobe. ''What did I say?''

William steps and stands in darkness. ,,You only laughed as Shake laughed when not acting.'' William breathes faster through nose and giggles.

Darkness is around and between and inside.

Guile stiff and coughs a laugh. ,,Yes.'' Guile coughs. ''Yes. I hear Shake. I see him.''

Then there is silence.

Kirra above wakes and hears the talk and touchs the floor top then sleeps silent above on the stairs.

Below at the bottom of the stares Flare sleeps with a slight snore.

The snore sings soft with a wind.

Flare feels the wind and feels the cold of stone and feels a hole of her whole like a pond without a river. As she snores her snores calm her mind, and Flare finds her self floating above her body. 

Like the smoke, Flare floats through the dark and the room and past the pack part around the square door. Flare feels the pull and a lull as she flows around Spear, and like sucked by a bellows through the door and the wall and with the smoke and embers burning. 

The warmth and the thicks smoke feel to part and form a tunnet through a door and into night. 

A puff of smoke explodes from a column rising from the door to the night and along the tower. 

Flare becomes a smoke bird and flaps to the stars then blows away...

Spear wakes and slams fist on groun and back against the door. ,,Flare,'' Spear says.

,,Shaman,'' says Flare. And Flare stand and wobbles and bends to knees to hold her sway through a smoke haze. ''Blue.'' She walks to Spear.

Spear looks at Guile and William. He can see relax the smiles on faces as they stare at him.

William stands and strethces. ,,You make noises like Guile.''

Spear stretche away pain in chest. ,,I see a bird fly outside ot the night.''

William says, ,,Did that bird see a path from the caste and the keep beyond the city to the Westmore vallley and my family home.''

Spear stands. ,,You need sleep. Getting crazy. Want to eat with goblins.'' Spear lifts war hamme, steps from wall and spins with swinging war hammer. ''Sleep William. Mind needs rest from crazy.'' 

William yawns.

Guile yawns.

William sits, thinks of Shake, lays, sleeps.

Guile snore sand holds heart dagger.

And Flare steps with stomp and breath and says. ,,I flew as a bird from the smoke to the night.''

Spear walks along the wall and to the darkness. ,,We flew together.'' Flare stares at Spear as he walks along the concave wall. ''Watch the door and the pack.''

Flare stares and stands then sits and closes eyes, inhales the faint smoke laced with breath and feels for the smoke and dust and images a bird. She sits and sits...

Spear walks around the tower base six times then Kirra wakes and meets Spear at stair base.

Kirra walks down the stairs and steps with Spea along the wall. ,,Stone ceiling.''

The walk circles and past the pack. On the second circle Spear says, ,,Flare flow as smoke bird. I flew with then seen the smoke.''

,,Go up,'' says Kirra. 

The walk again to the pack and stop as Myst wakes with a song in her mind. Then there is silence sans Guile snore.

The song stops in Minst's mind and a slight spin of pain fans mind.

Minst wakes and blinks away pain. He rises and presses fingers on temple trying to push pain. 

William wakes and says, ,,Minst, you live.'' He shifts shoulder arm off sholder cut. ''How did the rest hear the mind?'' William sets armor and looks at Minst. ''You have blood on theface from you eyes.''

Minst blinks. ,,Where are we?''

,,We believe we be in the tower.'' William and Minst lean to Minst.

Minst touches the spine of his spell book and hugs his pack, touches dagger hitl and coulghs, swallows. ,,Water.'' Chapped lips and dry mouth smack. ''Do we have water?''

William sighs, ,,I have the disk, my sword and head. I have no food or water.''

,,Wine,'' says Guile as Guile lays in the fetal position with robe of Reighn covering his body. ''Kirra has Shake's wine.''

,,I need drink,'' says Minst. ''Not a head ache.''

William stands and shakes armor. ,,If my memory is right of the mind she has her mug.''

The clash and scratch of metal to metal scrape the dark. Wiliam's metal settels.

The sounds give path to Kirra and Spear.

Flare feels Spear near, looks to darkness, says, ,,What lay on floor?''

,Dust,'' says William. He lifts hand and rubs fingers. ''This is...'' He says slow. ''D U S T.''

,,What is beyond door?'' says Flare. She stands and lift her shield and holds her sword.

,,Bones and bags,'' says Spear. ''Rot and death.'' 

Flare looks at Kirra and Spear.

Kirra and Spear complete the pack.

Kirra pulls wine caraffe. ,,Wine.''

William grabs his hern's glasses. ,,My vision be blurred with the glass. The wine will make it all a fuzz.''

Spear grabs the carafe and drinks.

As Spear drinks, Minst rubs temples and opens spell book and reads.

Shapes and lines rise from page and spread a headache pain from templa and along spine. 

Minst feels the headache pain and squint, but reads along letting the shapes create reliefs and the reliefes create marks and flow...

As Spear drinks, Myst grabs her star of Reight and says, ,,Reighn I sing for you morning and for the shine...'' She whispers the hears the voice in mind where she fol
lows with a time the notes with her and Reighn.

Her being feels the notes soothe spot of hunger burn...

AS spear drinks, Flare stands and stretche arms, legs and arms. 

As Spear drinks, Guile grabs his heart dagger and touches his leg.

His ankle feels numb. 

Guile slowly stand with jaw clenched. 

As Spear drinks, Kirra stand watech the pack and says, ,,Stair walk to flat ceiling.''

As Spear drinks, William says, ,,A flame of torch would help me guide the dark, and it may be a weapon.''

Spear swallows. ,,We walk half up and half half way.''

,,I lead with the flame.'' William rubs a bit of salve from jan on shoulder. ''If an shadow swats me down then at least I will not hinder those who may see through the dark.''

Spear kneels, grab flint oil, strikes, creates flame as Minst yawns.

Minst reads and rubs temples letting the shapes flow and smooth over mind. Then the mind finds a sound. That sound become loud talk and a question. 

,,MINST,'' says Spear. ''CAN YOU WALK!''

Minst reads, and Myst whistles.

Myst kneel and whistles on Minst's ear.

Minst startles. ,,What? What, where.'' The reflef in mind become shapes then colors. Minst blinks.

Myst whisper, ,,Can you walk Minst?''

,,Yes,'' says Minst.

,,I can not walk,'' says Guile. ''My ankle is pain. Pain was after fall.'' Guile stands and clenches, stands on one leg and puts pressure on other leg. Othe leg spreads a shocking pain that shutters through Guile. The pain fades and dulls to an ache. 

All watch Guile and hold swords adn grabs components. 

Minst gathers books and conponnts.

Guie feels only a slight pain. He sniffs and spits. ,,The leg is...'' He presses on elg and steps. ''The leg walks.'' He looks at Myst. ''Song of Reigh sang to me.''

Myst hums the talk from mind to lips and says, ,,The song sings for those who want to hear.''

William grabs the torch in Spea's hand and steps, waves flame foward. ,,WE climb the stairs.''

The pack walks through the dark to the stairs. 

William steps to the stairs. Kirra follows with Spear behind Kirra.

Flare steps to follow, and William says loud. ,,Flare, would you please walk the rear as a warrior to spy for the back attack.''

Flare clicks and stands. 

The pack walks the stairs with Flare at the rear.

Half way to the top, Kirra says. ,,Three go. Rest remain.''

Minst, Guile, Myst and Flare stand.

Myst rests her hand at the bottom of broke drum. She leans against the wall.

,,What lies a head?'' says Flare.

Kirra, William, Separ walk the stairs.

The stairs lead to a flat ceiling spaning to the dark. 

The ceiling's surfce is smooth like the walls. 

William lets the torch flame hover around the ceiling above the stairs. ,,No seams. Cracks.'' He peers.

,,Push,'' says Spear.

Wiliam lowers torch and pushes with a grunt the becomes a groan.

A square section of ceiling lifts.

Light shines around the square and beams over the stairs and William.

Light hits William.

William ducks and steps back.

Spear holds William's  back.

The door lowers, and thin light beams shine through.

Flare, as she stand behind Minst, says, ,,We go.''

,,No,'' says Guile. He looks at the light. ''We get in way.''

The look at the light. 

Kirra looks at light. ,,No sounds.''

William breathes. He talks soft. ,,I go now.'' He steps, pushes shoulder to door and steps up and into the light.

The door swings up, swings and slams with an bang.

William runs the steps, into the light and swing and steps over concrete floor. 

Light illuminates a large  circluar room of vaste field of furniture. The ceiling rise as tall as an old oak tree and floor spans like a open field with furniture. Rugs of red and blue, grays and pinks spread weaves over floors overlapping rugs upon rugs upon rugs. And over the rugs book cases create coves of space filled with tables and chairs. 

From the ceiling, large globes hang from rope. 

The light shines from small globes floating around the wall for the vaste room upon the large balls and globs hanging; upon tapestries and murals on walls; upon the rugs and tables.

,,There appears to be no danger as I see the room,'' says William.

Spear nods and steps.

Kirra whistles and waves toward the light.

Minst, Myst, Guile and Flare walk the stares to the room.

The packs stands around the square door.

Minst says, ,,Where are the stairs up?''

The pack peers around the walls. 

Minst sees...

A table half hidden by bookshelves and covered with beakers, vials, tubes and pots.

He steps to the table that lays along the curve of the wall a rock toss from the pack.

,,Wait, Minst'' says William. ''All this could be an illusion or a trap waiting.''

Minst steps, ,,Where will we go?''

Flare walks from the pack. ,,We do not go up.''

Over the rugs and between the bookshelves the pack searches. Rugs are pulled back. Books are pushed from shelves; book shelevrs are tipped.

Swoosh and boom sounds as a book shelf hits. 

Spear stands before fallen book case. He looks up. ,,I break the pretty glass, Minst!''

Guile holds cough in lungs and says loud, ,,Spear has destroyed enough magic for a life time,'' and steps between book shelve and by Kirra.

Kirra walks with dagger and looks at her bow shaft and steps through the books.

The bows shaft curves long and smooth to twisted ends. The smooth shaft shines a tiny reliefs edge through the plane. The rreliefe carves a wave of lines flowing to the dip in bow shaft's middle where a grips carves triangle grooves for a hand to thold.

The ends of bow twirl to a notch. 

Kirra grabs the ends of bow and belnds and feels a balance of force spread even over shafter. Kirra stops, grabs shaft's end and wACKS it againts a book shelf. She slams beat agast the shelf.

The bang of blow shaft slaps through the hanging globes and spheres and ropes a ceiling be.

the ceiling is a grate like the portcullis covering a gray matt like the congrete of flow and walls. The ropes hanging the globes are tied to the vast gate cover the ceiling. 

William looks at the many globles hanging from the ceiling at different heights.

The globes and spheres hang at different heights over the maze of books shevles and tables and chairs. Green and brown shapes cover blue base of a one globe while another globe dims with a deep purple. The green spheres the size of a heard hang near a gray globe as big as a boulder hanging above William. William liks around and says loud, ,,I will close door.'' 

William look up.

William close the door.

A bang shutters.

The bang hits Myst's tap on bottom of drum. 

Myst taps on bottom of drums and walks between. She looks at sheet of leather laying over sofa of swen hemp. Chairs of stick weed with stretched hide see teo Myst as Myst hums along her step. To hit a note of the song, Myst looks up and sings along throat and sees a tapestry pulled tight from the book shelvs hight up to the bottom of the globes and Sphers. 

The edges of a huge tapestry stretch over the covcave wall. 

The tapestry is of goblins kin blowing on flutes, tapping on drums, with goblins, hobgoblinsk, hugoblins, other golbins of size and shape dancing naked around a bright star. 

Myst walks to the tapesty.

Guile glances at the tapestry and traces its lines and sees the image then looks over the spines of books and reads surface talk, dwarvish, elvish, gnomish, humanish, goblins mark write of numbers.

Minst looks at the table.

The long tabel spans between coves of books shelves and over an open area of cement. It's wooden surface is stained red and green. Soot and wax cover spots with powerder burns and greem flash of magic stanes cover lines cover the lenght of the table. The glass on the table is clea and clean. Candles and oil jars have blacked wickes. The glass tubes and vails stop spaning table top as the table top passes ver open space with no rugs, books selves or tables.

Minst looks at the jars and boxes on the shelves.

Minst walks along a long table covered with glass viales, tubes, bowls, canters and beakers. The books shelves on the side of the table is clutterw with boxes and bottles and clay jars. Lables large and small cover jards with goblin scartch marks.

A creek of wood and a book as another bookshelf falls.

Dust puffs.

Guile says, ,,I see books about numbers written with other languages.'' Guile exhales a jolt of pain. He steps and sits on a sofa and huffs.

Guile sneezes.

,,Reighn song is complete,'' says Myst as she steps between selves of books and dust and over rugs and carpets.

The carpets black and white diamond pattern span to flat cement and black chalk markings and the base of the vast tapestry.

The vaste tapestry stretches beyond the hanging globes to the iron caste ceiling. Globes glow from between the cement floor and black line over the bottom of tapestry and the feet of dancing beings in the tapestry.

The dancing beings' eyes follow the flames of a fire flutter to smoke to the sky of hanging planets. They span and flow from tapestry under the planets hovering in a dark space and with the sounds of flutes and strings. 

Guile and Minst hear the strings of a harp and flute. The harp plucks low and high. A flute blows deep and shallow. 

William sees the tapestry creatures dance under the planets that hover in the air.

Myst sings a whistle with the flute.

The lights below the tapestry shine.

The creatures of the tapestry stomp their furred feat and click their boney and flesh heels. Prance on their two feet around the fire.

Kirra hears Myst's whistle echo through a vast chamber with spheres and planets hanging from chain chained to ceiling. She slaps and hits the ash bow agains sofas and chairs and books as she walks to the center of the room.

An open area of cement and black markings span the center of the room. 

The center of the room is dim with shadows of tall bookshelves casting shadows from bright lights shining under a vast cloth with pained beings dancing around a fire faded near the tan color of the vast cloth stretched.

Spear glances at the cloth and looks and steps toward the table with glass beakers, vials, vases, spheres and tube. Spear sees Minst step with table from behind bookshelves as he stares up at the ceiling. ,,Minst,'' says Spear. ''What you see?''

Minst sees the planets float above the fire's flames and near the heads of behinds dancing and holding hands. 

The goblinkin, humankind, dwarvenkin, gomekin, trollkin, riflinkin, elvenkin young and old dancing hand in hand around the fire

Hand reaches for Minst.

Minst reachs and g

Spear says, ,,Minst?''

Minst steps a circle while looking above and before at the elf's petite curves around soft musses to angled face. 

Eyes of stars twinkle to Minst.

Minst sees and says, ,,Spear, there is an illusionary being grabbing my hand.''

Spear steps toward Minst, says, ,,Minst.''

Flare says loud, ,,YOU DON'T DANCE WITH ILLUSION.''

William says as he walks to center hearing string of a guitar, William grabs for his guitar. 

A guitar string hangs between scabbard and hip.

A guitar strums and hum strings along the neck down spine. The harp play between to bridge with the flute low and high. 

William's steel plated stiff hideboots stomp the ash and mud to the purple rug and yellows stripped rug. 

The  pack of naked human women dance a circle with the circle of the beings...

Guile grabs a numbers book with a goblins mark on spine. ,,It's a goblinkin numbers book.'' His voice

The voice is a faint whisper to the drums and fiddles pounding and strumming a beat that spreads head of a fire.

Guile hears only his voice and reads as the drums and fiddles play to faint whistles.Flare hears the whisltes and sees the naked beings and says loud, ,,The illusion looks like a ritual of lust with Blue.''

Spear hears nothing whisltes and cords strumming from the spheres. He walks to minst and looks at the cement. Spear sees a flash of the past and the dance of the mass
 as a were rat. Spear sees ethereal wisps of colors shades creating dancing beings under the handing globes and spheres.

Flare and Spear feel Blue. Flare feel Blue through Spear. Spear feels Blue through thought and pump heart and grow of hair to fur.

Spear clenches fist as fingers and nails extend. Mails become claws. Hair become thick fur. A two legged run become a four limbed sprint over the cement center toward Minst.

Flare looks at Spear and shouts, ,,SHAMAN!'' She rushes toward Minst and table.

The shout is heard by and by most with the song.

Myst hears the shout begin to repeat like a looped lyric with flutes rising with the wind of whistles from the tapestry. Myst sees the large globes held by podiums from the floor and under the massive tapestry. Myst looks up and sees the light illuminate thorugh the massive tapestry and caste dance ghostes around the rooms and the globes.

Myst closes eyes, hums, steps between the bookshelves and shouts, ,,DON'T LOOK FOR THE ILLUSION MAY CONSUME YOUR NOTES.''

William stares at the party and dances above. He hears the shout of Shaman and smiles as he watches the poeple dance.

Above a shimmer of ground spans above and around. They stop around a fire.

The fires spreads and brightens the planets hanging above.

William squints, steps, starres.

Shake dances from near the tapestry wall. He smiles and skips and spins, kicks. 

,,Shake's alive?'' says William. ''SHAKE?'' William smiles, and the smile spreads warmth and release. ''Shake,'' says William as he steps from wall and to the bookshelves and the table and Minst. ''Shake.''

Minst taps foot with drum and reaches for the open hand of an elf with chocolate like skin. He hears the shout for shaman and of William with the music, but the music fades and his body steps before a tall dark elf in tunic.

The dark elf's smooth skin cuts and glimmers over muscles spread of ver slender and sleak body and open arms and hands. The sleak beautiful being smiles for Minst.

Minst smiles. And grabs hand and walks with the being from the floor to the dance floting above.

William steps between the bookselves and watches Shake dance in rags with dreaded locks twirling through air toward William and over Spear.

,,SHAHMAN,'' Flare shouts and runs to ward Spear.

Spear's wererat form scampers, leaps at Minst.

Spear and Minst collide.

Minst is thrust from the hands of the dark elf and thrown against the table as Spear leaps over.

Spear runs over the log table smashing beaker, bottles, blows in a crash of glass and steels. Spear splahs and clashes with bongs and things of steel along the long tables and toward Flare and William.

Kirra hears teh thud of Minst and Spear and climbs a book shelve with a quick push. She  sees Minst fallen to ground and Spear running with the crash.

Ghost faint shapes of elves and sytars, half-elves with orcs and ogers dance from the tapestry and around a fire at the center of the circular room and with Jan.

Jan smiles and winks at Kirra.

Kirra stares then shutters.

The splash clash thrash of Spears trail raises Guile's heard from goblins writings about the number zero. ,,Guilklu,'' says Guile. He says, ''WHAT IS THAT SOUND!'' he hollers.

Kirra stares through Jan and runs and leaps from book shelve top to tops and over Guile.

Guile looks up and groans to a stand, limbs with ankle pain holding a goblins book of number.

Kirra leaps from books shelve to cement floor at the center of the room and toward Minst. She glances and sees Jan standing in the dance staring at Kirrra.

Kirra looks at Minst.

And Minst hits the table, floor and slumps.

Kirra steps on stone and kneels before Minst, whow lays falt on floor as Kirra glances ase Spear leaps from table toward William.

William glances at Spear then Shake then Spear then Shake, says, ,,Shake,'' then hollers with joy. ''SHAKE!''

Shake dances around the fire and between the planets and toward the tapesty. 

,,SHAKE,'' shouts William.

Myst shouts a discord through ,,WILLIAM IT IS AN ILLUSON!'' 

William shouts. ,,IT'S SHAKE,'' and is hit by Spear.

Myst hum with throat and hits the hollow of her topless drum.

The sounds spans and echoes from shelves, the massive tapestry and the globes illuminating.

Myst grabs her mace and throws her mace.

Myst's mace whirles end over end over end as the music plays and the people dance around the fire and under the plantes. The mace strikes a shining ball of light.

The ball of light shatters and goes dim. 

The sound of a harp fades. 

Glass fragment pike Myst's face and fall around. 

The being dnacing wild and naked fade and flicker from sight to dark.

The dark seen by Minst is everywhere as he lay still. Pain thumps his mind like his skull a hollow drum.

,,Minst,'' says a quiet rough voices. ''Minst,'' the voice says louder.

Minst blinks to see Kirra with ghosts dancing above. ,,What happened?''

,,Sit,'' says Kirra as she stands and runs with the table toward Spear and William. 

William lays on the ground near the entrance, and Spear runs around the walls back and forth sniffing and glancing around the book shevles. 

Spear were rat form transforms in a giant rat with Rose Warrior armor shifted even voer back and legs. The blues armor over spear stretches. The bastard swords strabbed to back as Spear scurries here and there sniffing.

William lays watching the image of Shake fade and fickler to the dark. he stares and stares as tears pool from eyes.

Flare steps to William and kneels. ,,Did shaman hurt?'' William rises, guantlet palm shoves Flare. Flare steps, stands at defence posture with sheild forward and short sword ready to strike.

William stares at the fading ghosts above.

Flare peers at William. She ears a bookshevles fall.

Spear hits another books shelf as he scamper and scratche of rug. Bits of cotten, wool and slik fly and float form the rugs. Spear runs near Kirra and Minst.

Kirra glance at Spear until Spear passes Minst and steps to a stand between Flare and William.

William steps back looking up. ,,Shake.'' He sniffs.

,,Ghosts,'' says Kirra.

,,Sight could be illussion,'' says Flare while stepping away. ''And The shaman.'

Spear runs by Minst over rugs, between books shelve toward the massive tapestry.

Andn Minst stnads and leaps to table to top hollering, ,,AWAY,'' as Spear runs pass. ''Where's?'' He slides hand between the folds of armor, feels only armor, looks down.

Components, quils, beakers, paper, swine, knife lay on bench and floor. Minst's pack is torn.

Minst leaps to the ground and aaround saying, ,,Spell book, book,'' as a few blood drops fall from hand as he looks here, there and around...

Guile sees Minst looking over the ground. ,,MINST!,'' The sound echoes through the quiet.

The a crash explodes through the room as Myst strikes another globe of light under the tapesty.

Myst hums, and the hums turn glass shard to dust and away as she hums and sees with sound as she strikes another globe. With her song sight, she sees Spear run and leap at the huge tapestry.

Spear leaps, swipes and tears the tapestry along the center.

The image of ghost like being dancing around a translute fire flicker and fade.

The music stop with a loud rip of clight. Chains rattle and shake.

A ripe tears sound of hards and stings playing echoes, echoes.

William, Flare and Kirra watch Spear fall through tapestry.

Massive tapestry rips and spreads, hanges over globes.

Minst smashes a globe with mace.

Glass shards shatter and blow away with song of Reighn vibrating from Myst's throught.

Darkness is near as two globes glow over hanging massive tapestry.

Spear thumps groound.

William runs, and Minst snaps fingers.

A globe of lights shines around Minst. He and Guile walk around table. Minst says, ,,Spell book, spell book...' as he shifts through components and scrolls and balls of sticks and roots and twigs.

Guile sees Minst's spell book near a fallen bookshelve. He steps and picks it up and sees William run past.

Flare watches William run and lowers shield. She looks up and around...

Books and rugs span areound. Shadows caste from Minst ball of light casting over table maps and carpets. The carpets near are stripped green and purple. Paintings hang from the wall. Pictures of goblins dancing with elves and humans and dwarves and gnomes.

Flare looks and walks to Minst and Guile while glancing at Kirra.

Kirra still seeing through lights and the globes feels.

Jan's touch rubs and flows from Kirra's head along the spin and through the body. A glow feels to radiate.

Kirra feels a wind whisper of Jan along her spine and around her body. She flips and grabs the center of bow shaft. Her hand warns. Her mind sees to the light of Mints and the cement with marks. She grips her bow and walk toward the light.

The light glows and Minst leaps to feet. ,,WHERE!'' He peers at Spear.

Guild says, ,,The spell book is here.''

Minst runs and stublems. ,,Where did you find?'' He smiles and radiates relief and pleasure.

Guile feels the relief and pleasure. 

Minst and Guile touch. Guile sees Minst pleasure and feels it then smiles and glows. The thought of Guile goes into an open area of relief. Stress dims and calms. Like dam opening slow, Guile flows thought thorugh the rush of emotion into Minst's mind.

For an instant, Mind stalls for both then Minst grabs his spell book and smiles, feels to hug, but walks away with Spell book and Guile in his mind.

Guile stands.

Kirra feels a force cool the sensation of Jan along her spine as she strides past Guile.

Minst glances at Kirra and says, ,,My spell book. My spell book...''
Kirra quickens stride toward Spear from rug to cement.

The cement marks smear under her foot. 

The marks ar thick lines like goblins scratch written around a circle as large as a great oak trunk.

Kirra runs to the carpet and Spear and hears Myst voice virbrate over skin.

Myst stands near a glowing bright ball and Spear.

His body shifts from a gigantic rat to a were hybrid of a human and a rat to a human. The Rose Warrior Armor shifts and slides to lock over shouldres, chest, hips and shines. His jaw                     

Myst sees this with the song of Reighn sung from the vibrates of her throat.

,,Where I be?'' says Spear with a squeak.

Kirra and William run to Speaer and Minst hums.

Spear rolls to back and looks at the massive tapestry hanging from cut.

Myst hums.

,,Shaman,'' says Flare as Flare runs. She hold shield toward William as She runs past. ''Shamna.''

,,Shaman,'' says Minst at a distance form Guile.

Guile and Minst stand apart. Guile kneels to pick components as he reads the surface talk words from mind and flashes of image of component shapes.

The components packets are red, black, yellow, green, purpel and pink with bright yellow surface words on each. Their finger nail sized mass scoop into Guile's hands.

Minst thinks, <Why did Spaer attack me? Was it to save me from the illusion? Where are we? What happened? Was that real? Who was that? Was that Ran? Was that near? Where is ever things? What...What is this blood.>

Guile says, ,,Blood drips from hand.'' He dumps a scoop of colorful components into Minst sack and feels the tension and fright from Minst.

Minst says, ,,What?'' Emotion blanks the mind as he stares a cut over palm.

,,It is Spear?'' say Guile.

Spear lifts head as jaw pops and locks from a snout. ,,I feel...''

,,Blue,'' says Flare.

,,I seen Shake,'' says William. He sniffs and blinks way tear. 

Flare glances at William.

Willaim looks at Flare. ,,I am sorry I reacted with the emotion I had. I was...''

Kirra puts hand on william's shoulder and steps to the tapestry base and glances a glare at Myst as she looks at the teapesty. ,,Magic,'' she says.

The tapestry of faded lines and shakes is frayed at the edegs. Small holes poke through to darkess around the area of the exploded globes. Flakes of paint fall and spread like dust.

Myst's vocal vibrations slow and her eyes open. 

Spear sits with a grown.

flare lowers her head and feels a faint pull of Blue from below. She hears Myst shout.

,,I AM CUT BY SPEAR,'' says Minst louds with shock and horror.

Guile kneels and scoops compoents into MInst back while he uses Minst's fear to push deeper into Minst's mind.

Image of Minst blind and crying; Image of Minst getting beat by kids; images of Minst casting light then the shouts and screams flash form Minst to Guile.

Minst touches the spin of spell book and holds hand away from body.

His hand drips blood along the rugs, the cement and rugs.

Before Minst steps near the main meeting of pack, Myst feels the fear in Minst's voice and meets him by the bookselves away from the Spear.

Spear lifts. ,,Thoughts lost. Felt fear for...'' He looks past William to Minst. ''Fear.'' He lifts and stands, glances at the tapestry and waslk toward Minst.

Minst and Myst meet by the end of bookshelves.

,,Let me see and sing for the wound,'' says Myst. She winks to Myst.

Minst mind calm, which Guile feels, and Minst extends had.

A cut from wrist to middle finger bleeds.

,,It's a cut and cut...'' Minst swallows. ''Spear. I don't.''

,,Calm, Minst,'' says Myst. She hums a soft hum like a warm morning breeze drying the dew.

Minst feels calm and hears a song vibrate from the silence.

Birds tweet and whistle in Minst' mind calm the vibration of fear felt through body.

Guile stops pushing components and stares at the carpet by the table and Minst's mess as sight leaves his mind and he sees only darkness.

The Song of Rieghn from Myst plays the dark of Minst, Guile and Myst.

Myst feels the song virbrate to a burn. She says near a song. ,,It is spreading.''

William hears the song and looks from Spear to Myst.

Spear stands and stumble with pulsing head. He hits Kirra.

Kirra's stare at the lines of the cornor glances at Spear. He holds Separ. ,,Blood suck,'' She says.

,,CUT AND SUCK,'' says William loud. He stares around the room.

Dark and calm between the books shelves and over the rugs.

William steps. ,,Kirra says cut and suck and if that wound from Spear be like poison then I say she knows.''

Minst pulls back hand to chest. ,,No.''

,,The poison spread, but i may not effect you body, Minst,'' says Myst.

Kirra steps past Wiliam, strids to Minst, grabs Minst's hand and pulls. ,,Calm,'' she says.

Minst tries to pull away. ,,What-''

,,Be calm,'' says William. ''Be calm for Kirra has knowledge beyond those of Gods.''

Kirra sucks cut and spits blood from hand.

All watch Kirra except Guile.

Guile feels frozen fear chill through body. He grips and kneels, lays on ground.

William starts to talk. ,,What did we see? What did you see? for is seen before me the sight of Shake dancing with beings around the fire and the planets. The planet I seen did not hang from chain, but hovered like magic. And not only did I see, but I heard music with the dancing flames. I see these things until Spear knocked me to the ground.''

Minst watch Kirra suck blood and spit. ,,I seen...I seen a friend from the past come.'' He shutters and stares.

,,From where,'' says Spear.

Minst glares at Spear.

,,Home,'' says Minst. ''Home. The frined was from home. A friend I love and wanted to...A dead friend.''

Kirra sucks and spits, wipes blood from face, ,,Burn.''

Minst says, ,,What do I burn?''

,,Cut,'' Kirra says, ''

Minst glares at Spear.

,,I am sorry, Minst,'' says Spear. ''I felt fear for you.''

,,Burn me, Spear.'' says  Minst. Minst stares a Spear.

Guile sees Spear through Minst then blinks and sees ground and Minst's pack full and tied. He stands and walks to the pack

,,My flint and still is lost,'' says Spear.

,,I will burn you,'' says Myst. ''I will heal the wound.'' She grabs Minst's hands.

As Myst reach for Minst' hand, William says, ,,No Minst you may-'' He stares at their clasped hands of Myst and Minst. ,,Will we all become were.''

Kirra shrugs and stands at tapestry.

Minst hand becomes warm.

Myst grips Minst's hand and hums.

Guile steps to the pack.

The pack watches blood drip from between Minst's and Myst's hand.

William begins to talk, ,,I think Shake is alive...'' He pauses. ''...I feel Shake a live...I seen him in the picture. In the image then he came out dancing as an illusion, but it was him. I felt him. He was here with us. It wasn't fake or real or anything...''

Minst feels burn, gringes. Myst hums with lips and jaw.

Kirra steps from pack and walks to edge of tapestry.

William continues to talk, ''It was Shake. Like I feel him near right now. I feel he is alive. I felt he was...'' William looks up at Spear.

Spear stares at William and slaps his back.

Guile, too, feels Shake and nods with William's talk as he grips the jeweled dagger. He thinks he hears Shake's voice in mind, <And you will find that with time I will become a being again and we will win a big beautiful bin of gold.'' Guile feels the thump of the Heart Dagger and grabs its hilt. He holds daggers under cloak and watches Myst grab Minst hand.

The blood stops. The blood dries.

The burn makes Minst cring.

Guile feels that pain.

Blood smoke roses from Minst and Myst hand.

,,OUUU!'' says Minst and pulls from Myst's grip.

Myst's grip holds. Her arm pulls and holds Minst still. Her voice hits a hum like a bass guitar string.

William thinks of his guitar string.

Kirra walk along the tear, by a globe light and to the edge of the massive tapestry. 

The edge of the massive tapstry is pulled at the corner by a arms sized rope through brass ring in tapestry and through steel loops bolted into cement.

KIrra grabs the edge of the tapestry and climps.

Guile watch Kirra through his hood then jumps back. His pack slips from shoulder, falls. Guile stumbles over pack.

Minst pulls hand from Minst and stumbles past Guile.

Blood scaps flakes fall and peel from Myst's and Minst's hands.

MYst makes a fist and crushe the scaps to dust. 

Minst feels no pain and looks at hand.

Thick scab coveres Minst's hand. A cool rush follows a burn that glows around hand. 

,,May the Song of Rieghn heal thee hand,'' says Willliam. He looks from the hands. 

,,Peel it,'' says Spear staring at Minst's hand.

Minst looks to Myst. 

Myst opens her fist to a palm and blows flakes of burnt blood from hand.

Minst rubs his hands to gether as all but Kirra of the pack watches.

Kirra of the pack climbs the side of the tapestry to the top.

The tapestry stays stiff along the edge while the tear flap slightly sways.

Minst clenchs hands.

Scabs crack and crumb to reveal and a pine with no line of cut. 

Myst stops the humm.

The humm sounds and feels through Minst, William and Guile.

Guile shivers and puts the jewelled dagger in sheath in Branching Armor.

Minst looks at hand to tapestry.

Tapesty tear sways as Kirra leaps from tapestry top to a hanging globe.

,,What's Kirra,'' says Minst point up. He looks at Myst. 

Myst and Minst stare. 

The rest the pack looks back and or up.

A big blue sphere sways as chains swings this way and that way with Kirra' climb.

The chain is cold agains Kirra's skins as she kicks and grabs, pulls and climbs.

The pack spreads along the tapesry and look at the tapestry and watch Kirra climb.

Spear slaps Minst's back and hook arm around neck pulling Minst close, ,,My friend Minst, I am sorry. And if you be a rat like me I will follow your pack to the ends of your magic.''

William watch Kirrra. ,,You talk like a poet.''

Kirra climbs chain to the top. 

Steel bars as thick as Spear span from the sides of circles like squares. The chain hanging the big blue globe loops around the bar and is attached to a loop of chain.

,,BARS!'' hollers Kirra. ''CEMENT!'' Kirra wraps arms and legs around bar spanning over ceiling and pulls herself across toward the center.

,,Bars,'' says William.

,,Is there a way out,'' says Minst as he clenches once cut hand. He smiles feeling no pain. He looks a Myst.

Myst has eyes cloes, head down and lips whispering, ,,...Thank you for your sound of songs felt by many, but heard by the chosen...'' He voice mumbes adn eyes open and heads turns to watch Kirra.

Guile steps back and hears the voice of Shake in mind, <|Step back and you will find that my mind is in the center of all things.> Guile steps bac and grabs his books of number. He walks between the book cases and over the rugs sheathing daggers and grabbing the book of goblins numbers. ,,And where do we go?''

,,Maybe the tapestry is like the tapestry of branching?'' says William. ''If our fates be there then it would be where I see we go.''

,,Maybe?'' says Minst.

,,No,'' says Myst. She steps to the tapestry. ''Like Spear feeling Blue, I feet the need to destroy the globs.''

,,The globes,' says Minst he looks around and at the globes of light.

Two globes shine between tear and side Kirra climbed.

Minst says, ''The globes of light caste teh illusion. The tapestry is a trap. All those who have went before us. The few who made it through the illusions and didn't die of hunger. That is why.'' Minst touches spine of spell book. ''That is why no one ever left. The were trapped here. They are trapped an the tpaestry like.'' He glances at William and steps from William and sort of sneers. ''Sort of like Branching, but there is no exit.''

William glances and steps to the tapestry.

Small beings are painted with drinking and eating from mugs, cups, bowls and chalices. Legs of chicken, rips, apples, melons, guave are ate.

The tapestry spans to faded lines and color.

William ooks for Shake in the maissive dance around a giaint fire. He walks to edge near wher Kirra climbed and sees marks like surface talk words. ,,Words. Here.'' William points. He squints thourhg the letters are as long as his arm. ''It looks like scribbles and scratch.''

Guile and Minst look from the ground and peer around the see the rip in the tapestry.

Minst says with smile, ,,That signature of Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

William looks at Minst, ,,Carlos?''

Myst looks and steps. ,,Carlos!''

,,Yes,'' says Minst. ''It says.''

William says, ,,Carlos the Barded Dwarf.'' He huffs and pulls sword.

,,Wow,'' says Minst. ''It's an orginal Carlos the Barded Dwarf. Even with the damage it's worth.'' He pauses. ''It's worth more than a kings coffers.''

,,No king I would follow or protect,'' says William. He clenches guantlet. ''He be damned for the death of Shake and this place.'' He pulls his long sword from Sheath and raises.

,,WAIT,'' says Myst. ''William, our exit or fate may be in the picture.''

william lowers swords and steps away, ,,If fate is found in this tapestry then our fates are being created by Carlos.'' William walks away from the tapestey and shout. ,,KIRRA, WHAT YOU SEE.''

,,I see this tapestry,'' mumbles Minst and he sneers at Willaim and looks at Myst. 

They stare, and Myst sighs and shakes head.

Kirra says, ,,BARS. CHAINS. CEMENT.'' She climb through the center. She looks down and sees the floor. ''THE FLOOR...'' She stares.

The pack follows Kirra's loud voice to Kirra.

Below Kirra, the floor spans to dark and the some curved walls. Over the floor bookselves, tables, changes, sofas create a maze that walks to the center. In the center a wide open of cement with concentric black circle line surround a center below Kirra. Black sharp and smeared lines cross and meet like Goblin Text across the concentric lines.

The cement wall circles with the room with no seams or breaks.

Kirra says loud, ,,NO DOORS. NO LADDERS. CEMENT CIRCLE. MARK'S LIKE DISK. SHIELD''

,,Marks like shield,'' mutter both William and Minst.

Flare looks at her shield.

Minst looks at the disk bag tied strapped to William's back.

William says, ,,Disk?'' Then grabs back and pulls disk.

Flare sters at shield and steps to center after Guile.

Guile stops and reads the beginning page of the goblin numbers book.

It reads (translated to surface talk): ,,Number can define time to the mind of God.'' Carlos the Barded Dwarf from Gods and Beings and Dark Things

Guile flips pages of goblin variables and functions, says loud, ,,The Foreward of book is by Carlos the Barded Dwarf.'' Guild trips over rug and is caught by Flare.

Flare then stares at small shield.

Guile looks at Shield and see the number over the surface. He reads the number and shouts and echo to hear an echo of Flare's thoughts. <...THI LKK OLDP RIYTR FLOI.> Flare  grabs Guil's hood and neck. She squeezes and chokes.

William pulls disk from cover. ,,These are number?''

Spear watch Kirra then see flare from edge of sight. ,,Flare,'' say Spear.

Flear stares at Guile. ,,You out of mind.'' She walks to center.

Guile follows Flare.

,,It seam to have resolved into future confentation,'' says William as he peers at the concetric marks.

,,Guile seeing Flare's mind,'' Spear steps toward Guile and Flare.

The blue, green brown globe the size of a small house sways and shakes like the earth quakes. The globe thunks hollow as Kirra climbs slides down the chain to the globe.

Myst and Minst look from tapestry to the globe.

Minsts says, ,,Are all these creations of Carlos? If this indeed be the room of Carlos's lover then it may be possible all these items are a Carlos the Barded Dwarf created during the Rise and Set.'' Minst glances at hand as he raise hands to create a cone to talk loud at Kirra. ''KIRRA. YOU SEE A MARK.'' Minst poinst to the mark of Carlos the Barded Dwarf and the massive tapestry.

Kirra sees the mark on the tapestry and looks down and sees the mark written around the chain. ,,MARK ON TOP.'' Kirra leaps to a lower, smaller glob of gray globe. 

The gray globe is as big as a boulder. It swings a circle over the table with crushed class.

Kirra leaps to a lower white with black spots globe the size of two boulders. Kirra foot break into globe.

The globe rattles.

The pack on floor glances at rattle.

William looks at Shield and steps after Guile saying, ,,Are these numbers, Spear.''

Spear stands and feels his blood thump through body. His bode feels to stretch. Spear breathes and thinks of a tree and steps after William.

Minst and Myst stand alone near the massive tapestry. ,,That's an orginial Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

,,All materials not of song can't sing no matter how broke or fixed,'' says Minst. She looks at Minst and smiles.

Minst touches the spine of spell book and looks at his bag on the ground. He bends over grabbing back while touching the components in the pockets in his belt as he says, ,,The Carlos theme could be a clue to how we are to get out of this room and to some place.'' He stands and looks at Myst.

Myst's, with eyelids over eyes, says, ,,Up. To the top and place the platter on top like Carlos the Barded Dwarf requests. As you found in the halls of the hotel of Lyno. To the journey through the unkown will the songs of Reighn has lead us here.'' She openeyes lettling the song of Reighn fade with sight. ''Where we have no path put up until we know where to go down.''

Myst and Minst stare.

Minst shrugs shoulders and knocks head back.

Myst smiles.

They walk together toward those of the pack, between the bookselves, over the rugs to the center.

Near the center, the patterend motley rugs of circles, square, recangels and ovals create a frame around black marked cement.

Flare steps to the edge of the rugs. Her hand rubs a thick black line.

The mark doesn't smear. The Marks spreads the length of an arm to bump like the mark is a relief.

The mark ends with another mark of the number six writtine in goblins mark.

Goblin letters and goblin numbers with marks for functions and variables write from under the rugs around a cement center a hand's lenght  bigger than  spear's shoulders.

Guile looks at the book then the cement and says, ,,Dwarven runes are goblin functions.''

Flare looks up at Guile.

Guile pulls hood from head. Sweat glicens over face. Fumes of sweat and soot fume forth. ''The goblins marks are functions. The goblins marks are the functions. Goooloig.  Of dwarves. Dwarves our veing.'' Gulie looks at the book and says, ''Goooloig.'' He closes the book and knee of sore ankle.

Flare says, ,,What are Gooloig.''

,,Runes,'' says Guild. ''Magic symbols.''

A deep thud hits as Kirra leaps from on low globe to a nother globe hanging near tall bookcases near the edge of circular wall.

Kirra swings ball and chain back and forth then leaps to bookshelve.

The wood bookshefle shakes and taps against cement wall. 

Kirra's foot slips over dust. Kirra falls, flips and grabs bookshele. She climbs down.

Spear says, ,,Kirra's found the path.'' He exhales the thump of heart and pulse of veins with breath and sight of tree. ''She misses Jan.''

William says, ,,A feeeling from Kirra to tell you her emotions?''

,,Yes,'' says Spear. 

William looks at the disk platter then the cement. ,,It could be you who one should worry to be reading minds.''

,,No,'' says Spear. ''It comes.''

Wiliam strides by books shelves. He lifts the disk. ,,And how might those feelings be for this disk.''

,,Black, dark. Nothing.'' Spear walks as Kirra hits the bottom of the bookshelf. She gribs teh bow shaft in hand and walks to center.

Minst watches Kirrra climb down the boook shelf to floor behind more bookshelves. ,,I wonder if they all had the globes had the signature of Carlos.''

,,If you sing it loud, then the story will be told and the question aske,'' says Myst. She smiles as she strides a paht between bookshelves.

,,I care not to shout and get the rath of the warriors.'' Minst opens sack and pulls goblins spell book from within following Myst between a different path between the books and furntiture.

The maze of books and chairs and tables Minst and Myst take lead to curves and turns to narrow spot between two stone bookcases. The rug between is a dull yellow bright as dust is swept aside with the steps of the Minst and Myst.

Spear and William's path lead striaght to Guild, Flare and the cement floor.

Kirra climbs on top of a wooden bookshelve then walks along shrot and tall bookshelves of wood, iron, stone, bronze. She stands at the end of wood bookshelve lookingat the coement floor with markings on the other side of the open space and Guile, Flare, Spear and William.

The pack looks at the black relief marks around the cement and center. The blue, brown and green globe hanges above.

,,Is the parameter of the globe the size of the cement circle?'' says Minst to Myst.

William looks at the ground and says, ,,If you meant to whisper you were too loud. If you meant to talk, you were tood quiet.'' William looks  at the globe. ''A light above the globe would caste a shadow.''

Minst clicks fingers and sees a red circle rise from the ground and flow thorugh the globe and meet.

A light shines above the blue, brown and green globe.

A shodow is caste along the edges of the rug.

Flare says loud, ,,MARKS ARE LIKE SHIELD.''

William says, ,,This disk has similar marking near the center. Like the edge of the armor.''

,,Their like the dwarven runes and Goblins equations,'' says Guile.

,,WHAT?'' says Minst loud.

Guile looks at book and floor.

Wiliam says, ,,GUILE SAID HE BELIEVES THE MARKINGS ARE LIKE DWARVEN RUNES AND GOBLIN EQUATIONS.''

,,Dwarven runes. And Goblins equations,'' says Minst quiet. ''Why are they the same?'' He says to self.

Kirra leaps to the ground to the cement and stands. Her foot kicks the marks and stands.

A few faints black smears spread over the clear cement and dust.

Flare rubs hand again the black marks.

A slick soot spread from black, but the black don't rub away.

,,Soot is over black.'' Flare stands and poinst and steps to the cement.

,,GUILE, WHAT OD THESE MARKS DEFINE?'' says Minst.

Guile mouth breaths and clears throat, swallow, ,,GOBLIN FUNCTIONS AND RUNES.'' HE steps to cement. ''DAD DIDN'T. I DO NOT.''

Wiliam talks walk a loud commanding voice after Guile. ,,YOur father was able to know some of the markings. The ones on the armor that are similar to these marks.'' He glances at Guile.

Guile feels is response. He looks at William and peers along the edge of William's armor. ,,They appear similar to goblin functions.''

,,A functions,'' says Spear as he steps to the cements and around the edge of the rugs.

,,What are functions? Guile,'' says Wiliam.

Minst hears and says, ,,FUNCTIONS ARE NUMBER AND SYMBOLS THAT CHANGE NUMBERS.'' Minst slooks at the cement, touches the spine of spell book, grips pack and steps to cement an along the edge to William and Guile. ''The can be used with number do define space, time. Functions help catapolts hit.''

Guiles snorts,,Functions used by engineers to determine distance strenght. Size.'' Guile looks at book and flow.

All look like marks.

Flare steps to the center.

Flare disappears.

,,Flare,'' says Kirra.

The pack stare at the center.

Spear looks at William.

Flare appears! by William.

William steps back, nudges Guile.

Minst stands and looks at William and blinks.

,,Where?'' says Spear.

Minst steps to the center over the marks.

Minst disappears.

William steps back from the center with back against bookshelf.

Minst appears near William. Minst says, ,,The disk!'' He reaches.

William steps back.

,,Please, step aways William,'' says Minst.

And William steps away ands step back by Myst on carpet.

,,Flare,'' says Minst. He looks at Flare and then looks at center. ''Will you help me perform a magic function test.''

,,I will step to center.'' Flare steps to center.

Flare disappears.

...Flare appears by Minst and disk. 

Minst thrusts the disk into Flares hands.

Flare grabs. They stare.

Flare smiles. 

Minst grins and steps to center and disappears.

...Minst appears by Flare and disk.

,,The disk,'' says William. ''It is a trap. A teleport with.''

Minst says, ,,Where's the cover for the disk?''

,,It be here,'' says William. He tosses it at Minst.

Minst looks at disk, sees the cover.

The cover hits Minst's face.

Minst and William stare after the bag falls from face to floor.

William smiles with Myst.

Minst grins.

Guile feels Minst's rage tremor free has hand touches spine of spell book.

Flare kneels, grabs the cover of disk and cover the disk. Flare steps to center, but Minst steps before her and back.

Minst steps into the center.

Minst disappears.

The pack looks around.

The globes and shpere hang. Two globes shine from the bottom of the tapestry tea. The ball of light from around the table begins to fade. The glass shards lay still.

Spear grabs his war hammer.

,,MINST,'' says Myst.

The pack looks around...

Myst steps toward center. 

Flare stands before Myst

Spear hollers. ,,MINST!''

The voice spans and spans and fades to silent.

Guile tries to feel for Minst feels and feels only a voice. Guile sniffs, and sees thoughts to void. >Minst, you here?<

William steps by Minst and looks at tapestry. ,,Could Minst be in the tapestry?''

Minst appears by William.

William pushes Minst then grabs Minst and says loud, ,,MINST! Where?''

Minst stumbls and twist, breaks grasp of William and stumbles to rugs. ,,I...'' He looks from William to Flare to Myst to Spear to Kirra. ''Where was I?''

The pack looks at Minst.

Minst touch the spine of his spell book. ,,I was of a timeless gray. No food. No air.'' Minst blinks. ''What happened while I was gone? How much time has been?''

William says, ,,Minst, you were gone about as long as a song.''

Myst grabs Minst and looks at Minst. ,,How you feel?''

,,Timeless,'' says Minst.

,,Flare stop,'' says Spear.

Flare steps to the center of the room and disappears.

,,Flare,'' sasy Spear.

,,Where's Flare,'' says Minst. "Is she in the gray?'' He steps to center, and Myst grabs Minst's arm. ,,Do not step.''

Spear says loud, ,,FLARE.''

Spear's voice spans then contracts to fade. He steps near the center.

Guile says, ,,William, says Flare.''

William looks at Guile. ,,Flare?''

Flare appears by William.

William and Flare stare.

Minst's voice nearly cracks. ,,The armor of William's family is also a node for teleport that Hern had hinted at as we left the vein for the surface. Unlike the disk the armor my have some special connection to have the person remain in the ethereal. I was probably in the eatheral plane waiting to be called by the wear of the armor to the prime materail plane. I am here.'' Minst steps near the middle, on a thick black mark the circles the cement center. ''The runes are the equations to hold the time of the magic.'' He looks at Guile. ''The quote of Carlos and time. The functions are of time.'' Minst looks at William. ''William, will you say my name.'' He looks around the pack. ''Please be silent. Only William say my name. Only William. And wait. Wait for a time. Then say my name.'' Minst stares a look at William.

William says, ,,Minst.''

Minst steps. Minst disappears.

The pack steps and shifts. Guile's mouth breathing is the beat of time.

The globes from the tapestry glow. The rip of the tapestry flaps. The light around the table fails to dark.

Myst reaches and grabs William's hand and squeezes.

William and Myst glance at each other.

Myst shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

William says, ,,Minst.''

And Minst appears by William and Myst.

Minst pauses like time paused then pops into motion like a puppet master just move the strings connected to Minst limbs.

Minst's mouth moves then words come out with a smile. ,,It is the ethereal plan. It must.'' He looks around. ''How long? How long was I gone?''

William says, ,,The time of short story.''

Spear grumbles. ,,About the time it takes to kill and eat a deer.'' He lowers war hammer and walks to the books and slams warhammer againt a stone books self.

The bookshelve cracks.

The pack glances at Spear.

Minst says, ,,I was paused during time. It felt like a second or a day. I thought, but couldn't move. It was as if...'' He looks above. ''As if in space.''

Kirra steps new the center. ,,William step center.'' She looks at William.

,,I...,'' says Minst.

,,I'm hungry,'' says Spear. 

,,I don't know,'' says Minst. ''It could take Willaim to the location of the teleport for...'' He looks around. ''For ther are no door sees or found I then assume that this be where we need to go to go into the tower, but-''

,,What of Spear and his magic breaking ability,'' says William.

,,It,'' Minst stumbles tongue and lips. ''It...Spear. I don't know. If powerful then all will go such as the mark and the lightening that struck him down in the hall.'' Minst points at Spear's chest.'' Minst shurgs and glances at Spear then center. ''I don't know.''

,,And William's armor,'' says Guile. ''Magic of teleport teleport to.'' He says slow. ''...ethereal...plane?''

Minst stares. ,,I know not.''

,,I will take the first journey with armor now.'' He looks at Spear. ''If you follow my friend I will lead. If we both are forever trapped in this plane or space of nothing then we will have a new land to conguer,'' says William with a smile and wink at Spear.

,,Food,'' says Spear. 

Guile grips a food ball creted by Jan hidden in his robe pocket. ,,I am hungry and thirsty.''

William says, ,,Maybe there is food on the other side.'' williams steps to center. 

William disappears.

,,William,'' says Myst and Spear. Spear looks. Flare looks. Kirra looks at the massive tapestry. Guile reaches for Minst's mind. Minst says, ,,Maybe we should have tested William transporting with the disk to know if success is possible?'' 

Myst says, ,,William.''

William sees dark, feels cold, breathes. His heart beats, thumps. He breaths. He grabs hern glaces in pouch.

Through one lense of Hern's Specticals, William sees through a spiral of lines to the walls and releif statues the size of giant humans around a cylander wall five steps from center.

William stand in center. He peers at spiral lines. 

The thin green lines rise like spiral steps. A thin red traced line fainlty glows in the black  connected the thin lines.

He looks around.

The giant human sized relief raises from wall like half of giant human embedded into wall. 

William steps and reaches for the thin green line.

The green lines fade along a plane. Wood cracks rub fingers. The red traced line connect wood slates are stiff, cold and about the size of finger. The stairs as wide as William's feet standing together. The stairs span the step of human, goblin, elf.

William ducks and steps under the stairs, stops, step back. 

William appears near Kirra and Spear. He grabs Hern's Specticals, puts them in pouch. ,,I see darkness. thin stairs wrise in a circle room like this room. The room is about the szie of the cement circle. There are reliefs along the wall the size of giant humans.''

William looks over the staring pack.

,,That was quick,'' says Minst. ''Now we need Spear to go. But after Wiliam goes again.''

Guile says, ,,Should we not send William first so spear doesn't teleport to William?''

Minst looks at Guile. ,,I ponder if one or both of the nodes may fail be caus they are weaker than Spear's natural ability to disrupt magic.''

,,Is it area effect,'' says Guile, and quickly says before Minst can make sound. ''No, because you can fly, so...''

Spear steps into center. He appear by William.

,,Did that work or is Spear too close to William?'' says Minst. Minst points toward the table. ''Step over there.''

William peers at Minst.

Minst says, ,,William first then Spear. William always first.''

Spear steps to the center. ,,Is there food on the other side?''

,,Let us see,'' say William. He steps and disappears.

Spear steps to the center. He stands in the center.

While Minst says, ,,Spear has-'' Spear dissappears.

Spear appears by William.

They are in the dark.

Spear sees the gray shades dark and says, ,,Think stairs circle up. There are shades like reliefs over the walls. The ceiling is a lighter gray, still dark. A round top.''

,,Are we inside a globe?'' says William. 

,,Yes,'' Spear steps past William. ''Now we tell the rest.''

William steps from under the stares. ,,If we search the globe as two we find where the globes lead.''

Spear grips war hammer and peers at gray shaded releifs. 

The reliefs prodrude from the wall like the reliefs in the spiral hall in the Rose Pack Quarters.

Spear says, ,,Reliefs like in the quarter.''

William puts on Hern's glasses.

Outline of red with hueds of shaded.

Inside the globe William and Spear stands.

Outside the globe the pack waits.

,,Where's William and Spear?'' says Minst as Minst and the pack stand outside.

Kirra steps to center of cement floor.

Kirra appears behind Spear.

Spear feels Kirra and says, ,,In sphere.''

,,Reilfs like dwarf stairs,'' says Kirra.

She grabs short swrod and grips bow shaft. She steps back and ducks, steps unders stairs.

Flare appears behind Kirra.

,,We are in a shpere,'' says Spear.

Outside the sphere, in the room, around the center of the massive cylindrical room, Myst, Minst and Guile watch Flare step and disappear.

,,Where are they going?'' says Minst.

A glimmer of stars shines and fades.

,,Where William seen the darkness,'' Myst steps into center.

Minst and Guile stand near the center.

Minst says, ,,Did I not say for William to return to report of Spear was with him and not lost to...'' Minst stares.

Guile stares. ,,No.'' Guile feels confused to step or stand. Guile feels Minst feel confused. Guile feels their confusion then feels Minst's hesitation and endless questions in mind.

Minst thinks, <Where does this go? Did Myst have faith? Should I step? Will Guile go?.>  Minst says, ,,Are you going to step into the center, Guile?''

Guile stares.

,,Guile,'' says Minst.

Guile hears Minst voice, says, ,,What you say?''

,,Are you teleporting?'' says Minst.

Guile says, ,,Maybe I go.'' Guille mouth breathes. ''Maybe I go not.''

Minst says, ,,I thought I had...''

Guile feels thoughts of Minst feel to him chaos. Guile feel through like a maze and says, ,,We hold hands and go together.'' He wiggle hand from robe of Rieghn and holds it to Minst.

Grime fills finger nail grooves and sweat glicens in light shine from the massive tapestry.

Minst grabs Guile's hand. They step together...

Before Guile and Minst step together, Myst appears in the sphere.

William hears a guitar string pluck and smells Myst. ,,In a sphere.''

Spear, William, Kirra and Flare step from the stairs and between the stairs and the walls.

Around the wall Myst sees the pack and  sees with song of her soft hum the refiefs of beings. 

A sound of a rip causes a pause as Minst steps to unders stairs.

Myst vibration hears a tear between the relief.

,,Like paper tear near,'' says Spear. He tries to feel, but feels nothing. 

,,I feel not,'' Flare says, ''I hear it near. The reliefs. Do they move?''

Guile and Minst appear in the center near.

Myst flinches with quick look back.

William reaches sword tip near tall and wide paper relief.

The there is a rip and  long tear.

,,The reliefs are tearing to attack,'' says Flare.

Spear, Wiliam, Kirra and Flare stop step.

,,Where are we?'' says Minst.

A huge human relief tears arms and legs from wall and steps and leaps at Kirra.

KIrra steps aside and swipes. Swords slices through stomach of huge human sized relief. 

The legs of the relief run toward Minst. The chest, head and arms fall to ground. An arm and hand swipe at Kirra's face. The arm swing adn arm and body of paper wrap around Kirra's face and neck.

Kirra's face is covered with paper. 

The paper wraps tigh. 

Flare steps and swipes short short at running paper legs, missing, but steps and grabs a paper flap wrapped around Kirra's face.

The paper legs run and leap at Minst.

And another paper reliefe rips from wall and leaps at Spear.

The paper relief's hand grabs hand of another relief. Another relief rips and steps at Spear.

Two paper reliefs by William tear from walls and leap at William.

One, Two, three, four paper relife beings tear and rips from wall and duck, dirve and swipe around Flare and Kirra.

Flare rips paper from Kirra's face, but Kirra' face is still covered with paper.

Kirra gags as four remaining giant human sized reliefs rip from wall and rush between reliefs fighting, the pack to the center.

Minst and Guile pull hands from hold.

Guile steps from Minst and center toward Kirra and Flare. He grabs his Heart Dagger and jewel daggers while sending an echo shout. His mind feels and hear only the thoughts of faint fear. 

Four paper giants attack Minst. The legs of one leap and wrapp arond Minst's legs. Three other duck, dive and roll between the pack, under the stairs and at Minst. The apper giants wrap around Minst legs, arms, chest and neck and face. The paper wrap around Minst hand and it pulls dagger from scabbard. 

,,NO FIR-'' is saind by Minst before he goes silence.

The silence of Minst happens after Spear is hit with paper fist that crinkle against Spear's body. 

Two paper giants attack Spear. A paper giant wraps around Spear's warhammer as it swing through the paper giaint. The paper giant wraps around Spears arm. Spear's other arm grabs and tears paper of another paper giants.

Two paper giants attack William. One tears from the wall and grabs paper hand to William's guantlet and leaps at William. The other paper giant is cut in half by William's Sword. The upper half of the cut paper giant wraps around William's sword and hand. The lower half runs toward Minst.

Five paper giants attack Kirra and Flare. They rip and tear and strike at Kirra. Paper arms and hands wipe and whip and wrap around Flare's and Kirra'a arms. Ome paper giant is cut by Kirra's dagger, and it flapps and covers Kirra's and hand as it wraps around Flare's shield and hand. Paper fist and feet punch and kick Kirr'a and Flares face an chest.

The punches feel like a snow ball exploding on body. Instead of an explosion of snow fragments. The punche crunch arms and wrap around.

The paper giants butt heads and slam knees and elblows and wrap around.

Myst and Guile step free of paper giants.

Myst sings a hum from mouth to throat and steps and swings mace at paper giant pushing over Myst. The mace stags and tears the paper giant's back adn pulls it's body as it tries to punch and squeeze its body over Minst. 

The paper flaps and and catches around the mace.

And Myst sings vibrations from body, hands along the mace. The mace heats and ash of paper falls.

Paper body unravels around Minst's mouth and face adn aother paper giants wrap arm Minst. Another slams Minst's body.

Guile swipes daggers like a frenzied cat. Daggers nips and cut paper pieces of the paper giants around Minst. 

A paper fist swipes at Guile. Guile falls to miss and says with a hiss and loud shout. ,,I CLIMB TO SEACH,'' and he stumbles back to the stair and climbs.

Giant paper giants crumble, wrap, whip and strick the pack. 

Solidn balls of paper wad to fix and strick Spear's face of a giant paper giant. Another paper giant is ripe to shred and pieces that floats as Spear roars.

The roar is felt by all. 

It strikes through William as the paper peices stick and hole legs to legs an gauntlet to side. 

The sword of William cuts the half of paper giants into quarters with a back swing toward Minst.

The paper around William constricts.

William falls as the paper rips.

The one half of paper giant running toward Minst falls and floats. 

Minst grabs flaps and corners of paper and pull and rip. Shards of paper fly and flaot away. 

The paper around Minst constricts and holds. Minst falls. 

Myst step toward Minst and feels her feet bind and her body fall, hit.

The song of Reighn silences from Myst with a thumb and huff.

Flare see Myst hit at a glance then shifts stance to step with Kirra and her sword slices paper around shiedl and arm and stepping before her. Flare's blade is caught then cut from paper with Kirra short sword and knife.

Kirra's knife blade is guide to slashing paper to bits.

Paper cuts slice cross cheek and hand. Paper floats and falls to ground.

Only Minst, wrapped in paper, lays on floor like in a cocoon wiggling the like a worm. His lungs burn and muscles squeeze. 

Guile watches Minst and the paper fly and float and he scurries up the thin steps. Guile climbs.

A giant arm unwraps from Minst's body and swings up with paper body wrapping around stair and Guile's foot.

Guile pulls foot and cuts the paper with Heart Dagger. He steps and scrambles up the stairs.

The stares spiral to a platform below a dome.

Dim light illuminates the darkness at the top of the sphere's dome.

Myst crawls to Minst and tears paper from ankle. She grabs paper around Minst's head and pulls.

Paper and hair pull from Minst.

Minst shout and coughs as lungs try to push out and burst the tight crip of paper. Minst grasp and says,, ,,William first.''

The paper falls in piles as the warriors rip and tear. Sheets and shredds oare pulled and torn. 

Coughing and paper tears are louder than Minst's strangled voice.

Guile climbs with a crawl to t round podium at the top.

Guile disappears.

Guile reappears on the floor by William under the fall of paper.

William sees Guile as mound of paper and raises his blade to Guile guile in half as Williams swats away paper wrapping around legs.

,,WILLIAM,'' says Spear. ''YEILD.''

Guile's Heart Dagger thumps.

William hold his swords strike then begins to pulls paper from body and arms. ,,Curse this with the flames of Ilose and the winds of Westmore Canyon!

Guile coughs and pulls paper.

The pack swats and pulls papers. They tear and crumble. 

Guile crawls to Minst and helps pull paper from his body. 

Minst says, ,,What were...'' Minst looks around and stomps on paper.

Myst heated mace begins to burn the floor. 

,,Paper. Hear.'' says Minst.

Myst lifts the mace.

A rip tears from the top. 

Guiel looks up.

A tear around the dome tops creates a half circle.

The room feels to sway.

Guile looks up.

A tear around the dome tops creates a half circle.

The room feels to sway.

,,A tear. A tear above,'' says Guile. ''We go. Now. We go.''

All the pack look up. 

Minst stands and steps to stairs, ,,William. Willaim. Go first. Go to the next room. Go up.''

William says and stumbles. ,,Yes.'' He steps to the stares. 

Kirra pulls off paper and steps.

Flare stumbles to stairs as paper pulls around legs, so she pulls and follows Kirra.

William steps. Hearvy foot steps slam step.

The circle tear above rips.

The room sways. 

Guile mouth breathes and coughs. ,,The ripe. The ripe is.

Wiliam hurries step around the stairs to the top and disappears.

Guile follows pushing aside Kirra.

Flare lifts Minst. Myst helps.

One by one the pack steps to the circle atop the stairs.

Spear, the final to pass, stands at the center for a few seconds longer watching the top.

The tear around the top spreads, the room leans. Faint line shines through the rip.

Spear dissappears.

Spear appears in a white light room. 

The room a white sphere with no central light but white everywhere. It walls are a leap away. The top is capped and bottom are capped with a silver disk. 

The pack stand on a disk as long as Spear is tall.

The pack's bodies are pushed and pressed agianst the other. Toes and heels having over the edge.

Over the edge of the circular platform is a white bottom with a small silver disk.

,,What now,'' says Minst. His heels hang over edge. He looks back and down and up.

,,Anothe sphere appears to be our distination,'' says Wiliam. He watches a few

Spear relaxes and nudges Guile. ,,Silver disk above.''

Guile grabs on Spear. ,,Below is a circle.''

Minst shifts and touches the spine of spell book and says, ,,Is below and above a teleport? Is it a maze of teleports to no end?''

William looks up and down seeing only the silver disk at the top of the small circular room. ,,I was hoping you would be answering your questions, my friend, for our path is up or down.

William holds his sword out. ,,I shall go down and find where the teleport leads then I could return.''

,,yes,'' says Minst, ''Yes, go first, but this time. This time return to let us know then we will follow or decide.''

,,I will return to inform,'' says William steps.

AS William step, Flare shuffles, ,,NO,'' she reaches grabs William.

Guile slips, falls grabs edge. 

William grabs Guile's hand lifts, grunts, ,,I...am...''

Guile falls, touches the silver disk. Guile appears at the center and pushes Minst. 

Minst tips. Flare grabs Minst.

Minst says, ,,William first.''

,,No,'' says Flare. ''We go up not down.''

,,Why up?'' says Minst. ''WE can go both directions, up or down.''

,,Down trap,'' says Minst. ''Disk is small. Down is easy.'' Flare looks up.

,,Yes,'' says Minst. ''If we fall down the trap would be down.'' Minst smiles and looks at Flare.

William looks up at the silver disk. ,,It is time like these that I wish Shake and his paranoid mind was here telling us why down or up was our fate.''

,,Up?'' says Spear.

,,It will be up, my friend.'' William nods.

,,William needs to go first,'' says Minst.

Spear  kneels, ,,William goes first,'' puts hands together.

,,It is my fate,'' says William as he steps on Williams palms held togther with woven fingers. ''Ready.''

Spear nods.

William leaps as Spear lifts. He lifts arms. His hand touche the silver disk.

William appear at the center of three statues of stone. 

Three tiny balls of light the size of a morning star ball shine around the waste of stone statues.

The three stone statues stand and with backs to William. The three stone statues are one size, shorter than William and hand taller than Shake.

William says, ,,I wish you here Shake if I had a wish to give, but I have now wish for you are dead, and I am looking for death when I should be fighting for life.''

Wiliam stands. ''What should I do Shake? What should I do?''

And Willliam feels a laughter of Shake laugh from the dark beyond the nine hovering balls of light.

William stesp to the sound then stops and says, ,,Shake wouldn't pass between these three statutes with hovering globes.'' He looks around. ''He would be talking how Carlos would be...'' William steps back to the center. He steps wide twice near the plane between the statues. ''Shake would says no.'' William steps to center. ''The statutes, Shake, but how do I teleport back? Shake...'' William looks between the stone statues where the echo came. 

The stone statues hand arms at side. Their hands all different. One with long, onw with stubby and one with skinny hands. All are dressed in stone tunics. 

,,You can't find the path by standing stills, Shake,'' says William as he steps.

Two stone fists and stone arms strike William in chest as Williams steps between.

William falls back...

The pack stands and watches the spot where William disappeared.

They stare. 

Minst says, ,,Will William return?''

,,Yes,'' says Myst. 

,,No fun without me,'' says Spear.

They looks up.

,,How will we get to the top,'' says Minst. '''Once we have everything figured how will the last of us make it to the top.''

Flare says, ,,You will create the stairs of clicks.'' Flare glances at Minst and looks up. She shuffles from center. ''I seen it done. Do it.''

,,YOu have seen it done,'' says Minst. ''So I should do it?''

,,Do it.'' says Flare.

William appears above.

William falls. His legs hit Flare and Minst. His butt hits Spear. He arms smack Kirra and Minst.

Minst and Flare falls. They hit the silver disk below.

They appear by William.

Minst and Flare push Myst and Spear. 

Myst and Spear falls. Myst disappears. Spear hits silver disk top then disappears. 

Myst and Spear appera on William, Minst and Flare. Kirra steps back, and Guile balances to fall on the pile.

Kirra smiles and snorts a laugh.

The pack stand with William the last to rise. Spear lifts William to a stand.

William smiles at Kirra then looks to the pack. 

Minst rubs his head and peers at William, ,,What did you see?''

William looks at the pack then looks at Minst. ,,I saw...I sawn three stone statues standing with backs to me aroind a circle like the circle we stand. Each statue has three globes of light the size of morning stare ball. The light went to darkness.'' He looks at Myst then around the pack. I may have heard laughter from the darkness, but it could have been my mind wanting to believe Shake be alive. I...'''

Myst says, ,,The song of reighn can be a shout or a call. From darkness or light, it could have been sung by Shake.''

William smiles. Myst and William look upon the other. 

,,How did you fall?'' says Minst.

William looks from Myst, to Minst to the ceiling. ,,I was hit by a statue for I reasoned the statues may move.'' He looks around the pack then up. ''I had to move between the statue because I could not step from the ground and teleport back. As I stepped between two statues I was hit.'' He loooks at Minst. ''I feel..'' He looks at Spear and Kirra. ''We can stand three. If these statues be animated then be ready for a fight.''

Minst says, ,,Will you return to tell us of the tale?'' He looks at Spear and Kirra. ''What should we do while youa re gone? Shall we wait for a time? Shall we follow after you leave. What happens?''

,,Minst,'' says Myst.

Minst touches the spine of his spell book. ,,What happens if we are on top and William falls through?'' He looks at Myst.

,,Minst,'' says Myst. ''We will walk your stair a song's time from when they climb above.''

,,We go,''' says William. ''Before the stone beast pound our path to pebbles.''

Spear kneels. Williams steps. William vanishes.

Spear says, ,,Kirra.''

Kirra nods.

,,But who will help you go up?'' says Minst.

Kirra lifts and disaapears.

Spear stands, looks at Minst, ,,Me.'' Spear crouches and leaps and touches the top. He falls. He hits. ''GRRRRRRRRRRAAAAA'' He flobs with bastard sword hilt hitting M
inst' foot.

Minst steps back and hops away pain. His hob nears edge.

Flare grabs Minst as Minst tips to fall. She pulls Minst to center. They stare and Flare kneels. She weave hands and says, ,,Shaman step.''

Spear rolls and stands. He slaps the back of Minst. 

Minst jerks froward.

,,Sorry, my friend,'' says Spear. Spear steps on Flares hands. 

Flare lifts. 

Spear reaches and touchs the silver platter above. 

Flare stand still.

Spear disappears...

Spear appears by William and Kirra.

William and Kirra stand and in the center of a circle of three statues.

William says, ,,If you are frieghtened to lead this journey, I could have asked Minst to come.''

Spear chuckles. ,,What are we going to do? What are the stone statues? What is that darkness?''

Kirra smiles, says, ,,Where I be.'' She steps, wedges foot on stone belt on stone statue and leaps over the stone statue.

The stone state of the short being swings stone arms above head as Kirra jumps. 
 
Kirra lands and steps to the darknes. She raise short sword and long swords and stands.

The darkness behind is quiet. The smooth stone floor doesn't echo as Kirra strikes sword tip to floor.

The state that raised hands stand from a crouch to a postured stare. It heigh as tall as Kirra.

The other two stone statues remain still.

William and Sper stand back to back. 

The stone statue steps toward Kirra. The thunk of stone to stone shakes floor at Kirra.

William steps and swing long sword against the stone. 

A hand rise and grabs the blade. 

A stiff vibration vibrates through William.

The two other stone statues raise hands.

Spear swings war hammer on another stones statue's head. 

Thunk. 

The head falls off.

The two other stone  bodies turn and swing at William and Minst...

Through the teleport node, on the floating plafrom in the center of a sphere, Minst says, ,,Where is William? Did not William say he would return and let us know when it is time to move on?'' 

Flare looks at Minst. Here canines poke over bottom lip as she smiles and leaps. Her finger touches the top, and she disappears.

,,Shall we follow?'' says Minst.

Gulie jumps and stumbles. He mouth breathes. ,,We go.''

Minst clicks and steps in air to the ceiling with Myst and Guile following.

Through the teleport, Flare travels and appears.

A stone fist hits Flare's shoulder. 

Flare stumbles into Wiliam's arms and against chest as William swing gauntlet fist to hit a hugoblin stone statue.

The hugoblins stone statue stands still. A small chip of stone flyes from cheek.

Another stone statues, a hobgoblin, leaps at Spear like a being flesh and not stone. 

Spear swings warhammer and hit head and a chip from the stone face then grapples with the stone statue of a hugoblins.

The other stone statue, a goblins, swipes and prances around Kirra. 

Kirra wacks the bow shaft agains the stone goblins. A vibration stuns.

A sstone goblin claw punches Kirra's hips.

She stumples, turns head to steps and feighn only to see a glowinb ball as big as a morning star ball fly at her head. 

Kirra duck and twist and swings bow shaft hitting the floating glowing ball into the dark and to a curved wall.

The other eight glowing balls fly through the dark upshing the room size from small to large. the glowling balls illuminate curved walls like a dome. The balls fly at the pack in the center.

The pack in the center expands as Minst, Myst and Guile appears.

A globe strikes Myst's head. A globe strikes Guile's hand.

Minst says, ,,What?'' as  stone hugoblin slams into Flare and William.

Flare and William step back. William's sword skips over stone. Flare's sword slaps flat agains stone arm of hugobling. 

Spear swings war hammer and hits the hobgoblins chest as Spear duck the rush and steps to side.

The war hammar hits with a thunk. Rock chips spray. 

The hobgoblins stops step swings one arm at Spear's chest with other hand punching at Spear's throat. Stone arm slams Spear's chest jarring a rib once broke. Spear grabs stone fist swung at throat and guides first past face and pulls teh stone punch a past..

Kirra lays as a stone as three balls orbit his body and hit the robe of riegh.

Three balls of light take flight around the room and through the dark. Tracers of light trace curves walls like a dome. Traces glow and fade over stone floor. Balls of light fligh and hit and fly at Minst and Myst and Guile.

The stone statues swing stoen arms and kick stone legs and leap stone bodies at Kirra, William and Spear.

Spear and the stone statue grabble. Spear steps and wraps arms and and legs around the back and arms and legs of stone statue. The stone statue twists arms and bends arms back wrapping about Spear. The stoen statue squeezes Spear. It leans on Spear. Spear feels like body is going to break agains the weight of the stone body pressing and pressing and pusing in and back. Back bendsa nd Spear clenches and pushes back...

William and Flare and the stone hugoblins dance against the other one. Flar leads with shield at fist of stone hugoblin. William punches at the chest of the stone hugobnls. William's fist hits chest. Hit move hugoblin. Hugoblin fist moves with body and glances off Flare's shield. The other stone arm then swipes at Williamn, and William feighns the punch stepping back. The stone fist then hits Flare's shoulder.

Flare drops her short sword and stumbles into a flying glob that glances her shoulder before the glowing ball flies at Kirra.

William steps back, raise guantlet and swings at the stone hugoblins while tripping over Flare's swords.

Kirra and the stone goblis stand and feel to stare.

The stone goblin jumps and scatters like a goblins of flesh. Thumbs and soft vibrations spread from the goblins as it hops and twitches like a hugoblins. A few fingers shake. It leaps quick and fast at Kirra.

KIrra dodges the goblins hit then swings at a glowing ball with the bow shaft.

The bow shaft hits the ball and the ball hits the goblins.

Kirra ducks and spins. She slaps broad side of sword agains the stone gobln.

Glowing balls the size of morning star balls duck and fall, swoop and  fly into shoulders, backs, legs, hands.

Minst clicks, and a glowing ball hits an invisible wall before Minst face. The glowing ball then drops and flies into Minst's stomach. Another glowing ball hits Minst's thigh with a thump.

Myst swings mace at ball. Mace hits ball. Ball shatters and glass sprays into Myst's hand. Another glowing ball hits Myst's foot. Myst kicks, ball flies.

Three glowing globes hits the rope of Guile, and Guile feels only soft thunks over body. A forth golden globe hits head, and Guile's head feel to vibrate. Guile loses Minst's feeling of fright and drops his heart dagger. He kneels to a ball and grabs heart dagger.

Minst says loud, ,,IT'S A GOLEM THOUGHT.'' Minst clicks and clacks as five balls fly and swoo and twirls at Minst and Myst. Glowing balls hit and flips and find space, and Minst clicks and another glowing ball stops for a second before it flies agains for Minst and Myst. Minst's tongue and lips become dry and sore...

The darkness dims as tracers fade.

The balls create traces of light around the pack.

A roar fills the dark.

Spear roars hollow and pushes legs and against the stone hugoblins and pushe his body from back to forward with a roar that raors through the stone.

The eight flying balls of light pause and vibrate.

Myst ducks and swats and puts mace handle in other hand.

Blood drips from Myst's hand. Dots of blood pools and drips.

Myst's hand hangs and hold bits of glass.

Myst feels the pain then hums it away.

A glowing ball hits her back and foots.

Her virbration skips silence the plays. No song of Reighn plays with Myst hum, but Myst hums and ducks and swats a lazy swing at globes.

Thre globs hit Minst' wall and then hit Guile.

Guile feels the thump like a finger flicking skin. He begins to crawl over the groud with dagger in hands.

Then William falls over Guile.

William falls over guile and hits the ground. His long swords slide over ground and head hits with a thump.

William disappars.

William appears and falls to a silver disk...

William stumbled then stepped back from Flare and the hugoblin.

Flare and the hugoblin stand by the teleport circle.

The hugoblins punchs and kicks as fast as a thief as just as sloppy and unguided. Flare ducks and steps back into the darkness letting a flial of hand and feet swipe the air and space around the two. And into the darkness they dances with the hums and Myst.

Myst's hum numbs the pain in her hand. Myst's hum pauses balls of light that shoot near.

The balls of light stop and shakes slight near Myst.

Myst hums from mouth to throat and four flying balls of light pause.

A ring sings with Myst.

Minst's clicks and clacks slow and hit an echo.

Minst tries to click and mouth goes stiff.

A ball hits Minst's head. Minst falls. Colors spark mind.

Guile feels Minst's head pain, falls and hears Minst's skull thunk agains the ground. He crawls and crawls by Flare. He is kicked in butt as he scrambles away.

Flare dances away from blows until a glowing glob slams her leg. She stumbles and stands to stop a fall.Then the stone hugoblins punches Flares chest and shoulder. Flare steps back and back and back from a fury of fist thrown.

As Flare recess to the darkness, Spear sees William fall and disappear. Spear grunts, kicks and push against the stone hobgoblins as they squeeze.

Stone arms of stone hoboglbins squeeze and muscled arms of Spear push. Spear's leg thrust.

They fall.

The stone hobgoblins thunks ground and bashsed Spear face with its forehead.

Blood drips from Spear's nose.

Spear rolls from the stone hobgoblins onto war hammar. He grabbes the war hammar and slams the stone hobgoblins foots as the hugoblins stands above and slams Spear's chest...

,,Myst,'' hear Spear, ,,UFF,'' as the closed double fist slams Spear's chest. She hears the UFF after hearing only her thraot hum and lip pull.

Five glowing balls hover around Myst. The glowing balls hover around Myst's head. 

Blood drips from Myst's hand as she stands and deeps the vibration shaking and soothing. 

The sound spread with the thunks of rock and thiNK of steel. 

Five glowing balls hover around Myst's head, one is in her hand and three fly around Guile. 

Three glowing balls hit Guile and Flare.

Flare dances from hublin from the dark to the light,  pushes Guile from kick of hugoblins. She glances for William, but sees no William as she lifts chets and raises shield.

The hugoblins kicks Flare's shield.

Flare swings and slams small shield against side of stone. 

A finger falls from stone hand.

Flare slams should into stone stomach and lifts leg hugoblins stone statues.

A glowing ball strikes Flare's 

Flare hears Spear's, ,,UFFF,'' and glances to see hobgoblins slamming spear's chest.

,,UFF,'' says Spear's body. ''AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRR...'' Roars Spear's soul. He lifts legs and wraps them around head and pulls head and body to ground with legs.

The stone hobgoblin's head pops off.

Spear grabs he's war hammar and sits chest up and slams war hammer agains the stone armor of the stone hobgoblins. Dull sphere of pain pokes pain around rips. Spear slams war hammer on stone hobgoblns.

A crack forms over head of stone goblins.

Kirra steps calm and sure around the stone goblins fidgetting and raising and relaxing its curved posture.

Goblin leaps and swipe at Kirra. Kirra steps side and thunks the back of the goblins' head with bow shaft and prances back long and stiff. She pull a dagger from hip and tosses it at the statue stopping through.

The dagger's hilt strikes the goblin's stone eye spreading the crack and it stops and attacks with a scramble over the foot and Kirra. Kirra steps easy from its bath near the darkness.

The darkness covers Kirra.

Kirra steps back and sideways.

The floor spans flat. A dark rectangle spans near the dome curved wall. The curve of the wall flows into the dark.

Kirra leaps and flips over the goblins and strike its head with bow shaft.

A piece of ear breaks from head.

Kirra evades as the goblins rushes. Chips of stone strike and flick over floor. The goblins attackes. Kirra evades and stricks. 

Stone chips scatter.

A few spray near Minst.

Minst lay on ground. A throb pulses head. Minst feels the cold cement. He feels a tingle in hands. He touchs spine of spell book and raises head.

Blurred world of light balls dimming to dark dance around Minst. Minst looks at each of the pack and says, ,,Where's William?''

William is below in the bright white room. He stands and leaps to the teleport above. He reaches with long sword, and the long sword disappears. He lands and stumbles near the edge of the floating desk. ,,Now what Shake?'' says William. He sits and looks at guantlet. ''Can this ghost hand that appears with emotion help me climb from the hole. Are our friend fighting the fiends? Should I go down, Shake?'' He looks up. ''Where are, Shake?''

Sweat drips from William's nose. 

The sweat pools on ground.

Wiliam looks at the pool as he stands.

As he stands, he leaps. His guantlet hand misses the disk ont the dome ceilig above.

Beyond the disk, William's sword appears near Minst.

Minst lays on ground and sees William's swords apper. His head thumps. He closes eyes and tries to rise.

A glowing ball flies from Guile in a flash and hits Minst, and Minst falls.

The other two balls around Guile circle and slow.

The song of Myst's spread through Guile and the spheres, through Flare, Minst, Kirra and Spear.

Flakes of dust shake from the stone goblinskin. 

The throat hum flows low and deep thorugh the bone and mind. 

Myst lets the song flow from her and not through her.

Guile hears Myst's song and feels the talk of Shake in mind, <Stay on the ground and you will be found to be the one pounded. Rise you now and appraise the path for you.> The voice of Shake's in Guile's mind as Guile riases to feet. The voice fades, but the song of Myst spread through Guile's body soothing the fear. He hums with Myst.

The two glowing balls float toward Myst past Flare.

Flare stumbles as the hugoblins smash her shield, smashes her sword. She steps back as the stone hugoblins punch shield, punches shield. 

the stone to metal thump rings with Myst singing vibrations. 

The stone hugoblin steps and swings, through and through until Flare steps and pivots as the hugoblin swings fist then Flare  slams shield against the side of the hugoblins with a grunt.

the hugoblin's stone feet shuffle, touche the cement and disappears.

Flare steps and after the stone statue and disappears.

Minst shake's head steps and stumbles. ,,What?''

And Myst hums. 

A glowing ball by her head explodes.

Glass dust blows over Myst face and sprinkles to ground.

Kirra steps and slaps the stone goblins. She steps and steps and hits and hits as small peices of stone fall. She steps near Spear.

Spear pounds war hammer against chest of stone hobgoblins as the stone hobgoblins squeezes legs around Spear. Spear hits stone hobgoblins arms. Spear feels hips and bones hear break.

Stone fist slam and hit Spear's thights. 

One arm falls.

Spomething pops in Spear. Pains breaks pains grunts with another roar. 

Spear slams the war hammer on the other arm adn it falls in chunks from body.

The roar roars to silence leaving only Myst hummmings song as another glowing globe explodes. The roar is not hear by Willaim...

...William looks above and jumps. He looks over the edge and walks the parameter. 

The a stone hugoblins falls from the ceiling.

William dives rolls and slows near edige of floating disk. 

The stone head hits William's armor and bounces.

Flare falls from the ceiling. She shouts, ,,PUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUSH.'' Her feet hit the stong hugoblins. She falls.

A stone arm hits Williams shoulders. 

William crawls and stumbles over the stone hugoblkins. 

A hand grabs William's foot as Flare braces and pushes against the stone creator.

William kicks and pushes.

The stone hugoblins falls and disappears below. 

William and Flare stare and breath. Both lay on back and sweat.

William says, ,,Do you have a path to return to the pack?''

Flare stare and breaths...

The rest of the pack fights two ston goblinking and six globes of light. 

Spear pound to to dust hobgoblins stone statue while Kirra chips and guids a stone goblin around a large flat room leaving the glow of the globes around Myst.

Myst stands with six glowing balls around her body. Her vibrating throats and body burst another globe then another ball of light.

Glass shard shoot and spray from Myst and to the ground. 

Guile and Minst steps and cover way from Minst.

Another ball of light explodes then anaother and another.

As the last globe explodes, the goblins chasing Kirra falls and cracks.

Dust settles around Spear.

He heaves breathes and drips sweat. A slight pain pulses through side of chest. He looks at the stone then looks over the floor.

Kirra steps and scatters the goblins stone the looks at Myst.

One by one the pack looks at Myst.

Myst stands. Blood covers face, neck. Blood drips from hands. 

Myst's voice quiets and calm to a hum with mouth. 

Then Myst falls to pile.

Kirra leaps and kneels to Myst.

Minst steps slow saying, ,,What...What..What...''

Guile stare and hum the tune with Myst then caughts.

,,MYST,'' hollers Spear. He stumble from the rubble to Myst.

Kirra look at Minst face and hands. 

Small shard of glass pierce and stick from skin. Blood blood. Myst's eyes are closed.

,,Myst,'' says Kirra. She looks up. ''Water.'' She looks to the pack. 

,,Myst,'' says Spear stepping near and looking above should. ''William. Where William? Flare?''

Minst, on knees near Minst says, ,,William feel through the teleport. Flare then pushed the hugoblins of stone into the teleport.''

Spears steps on to the concentric cricle, runes and functions.

Guile says with sniffs. ,,The carraffe. The wine. It will.''

,,Water,'' says Kirra.

Spear disappears. 

Spear appears, falls. 

William grabs Flare and steps back. 

Spear lands on feat and stands on the floating disk before William.

,,Shaman,'' says Flare quick.

Wiliam small and wipes sweat. ,,My fried you have been sent by the gods to boost me to-''

,,William,'' says Spear.

William says, ,,Your face looks as-''

,,Myst,'' Spear weaves fingers for a hand step.

,,Myst,'' says William.

,,Myst is hurt.'' Spear peers.

William steps as Spear lifts and William disappears.

William appear in darkeness. He fumbles s his Hern's glasses to face and looks and sees and says, ,,Myst!''

,,Do you have water?'' says Minst.

,,Myst,'' says William and steps and kneels and pushes aside Guile and Minst. ''Myst.''

Myst hums as blood covers. 

The blood does not drips or pool. The blood remains around tiny slivers of glass in Myst's face.

A soft sound like a humming wind that feels to sooth the skin and relax the muscles. The sound from Myst calms the heart to slow.

Sweat from william drips on Myst's blood.

,,Clean,'' says Kirra.

,,Myst!'' says William. He looks at Minst. ''What happened?''

Minst looks at Myst. ,,The glowing balls.'' He pauses. ''The glowing balls exploded as they hover around Myst.''

,,I heard the song. I felt the song,'' say Guile. ''He suffles and pulls a water skin from rope. ''Water. It's water.''

Kirra grabs the water.

The water slowly drips and clear the blood.

Flare then Spear appear and stand about Myst. 

William glances at Spear. He looks at Myst. ,,What happened?''

Minst begins to says, ,,She was standing singing,'' the then talks to silence after Spear nudges Minst.

The water clear the blood leavning dots of blood around the slivers. 

Kirra looks at William and Minst. ,,Move.''

Minst nods and crawls back feeling the thump of pain in mind deepen.

Willaam cralws back and sit and begins to sing soft notes.

Spear steps and motions to Flare then points to the darkness.

Flare steps one way while the Spear the other way.

The song of Myst with William is silent as Spear and Flare walk the room.

The room and darkness span to curve like a dome. Two rectangle holes near the wall.

Near the center or the room, KIrra pulls shard and slivers of glass from Myst's face.

The humming song of Myst sing and spread with William lulling voice and tongue until Myst's face is glass free. 

Kirra wipes the blood away. ,,No glass.''

By the time Kirra says, ''No glass,'' Flare and Spear step near.

Spear says, ,,Two rectanle holes agains the wall.''

Small glass shard and slivers are pulled from Myst's face and hands.

William peers near Myst's face. He feels her breath. ,,Why does she still sleep?'' Willam says to Minst. ,,Can you create light to see?''

Minst hear's William'is hollow and thumping with heard. Pain pushes at temples. ,,Light?'' Speaks ''<LIGHTMAGICWORD>.''
  
A  huge dome with gray walls illuminates them fades.

,,Light,'' says William.

,,I can't,'' says Minst.

,,Can't.'' Wiliam huffs. He pushes back Hern's glasses. ''It is not a time for can't. Not as Myst lies here.

While William speaks, Kirra sees...

The small drops let dry then fall like sand from face.

The pack then hears the vibration song from Myst slow and calm.

Dull pain in bones and muscles spread through bodies.

Spear feels his sore rib. Guile feels his twisted ankle. The thumps in Minst's mind depends.

,,Myst,'' says William.

Myst inhales then exhales. .,,William.'' Pains spreads with wrinkles of smile and squint of eyes. Her eyes remain closed. Body feel warm. Hand prickles with glass. '' My hand.'' says Minst.

Kirra holds had and picks glass. ,,Glass.''

,,Where are we?'' says Minst.

,,We are in a globe,'' says Flare. ''We have been in globes.''

,,Yes,'' sniffs Guile. ''We are inside.''

,,Do you feel pain, Myst,'' says William and he looks at her.

Myst feels no pain and says, ,,No.''

,,YOu walk,'' says Kirra. Kirra pulls out another sliver of glass from Myst's hands. 

Myst's blood dries and falls to dust.''

Spear says. ,,Two paths down. Wall curves down.''

Flare says, ,,I willl go find the bottom.''

,,No,'' says Spear. ''We go as a pack.''

,,Yes,'' says William. ''We go when we are ready.''

,,I am ready,''s ays Myst.

Kirra rest hand, stands with water and drinks as swallow. she caps the top and tosses it to Spear. 

Spear catches and the pack drinks swallows and talks.

Spear swallows. ,,If in sphere above ground, we move.''

William kneels and looks up to grab water skin and swallow. ,,I agree my friend for it is not my desire to be hoving above the ground by a mere chain.''

Myst sits up and sways froward. Her head pounds with heard then the pound slows. She feels face and small bumps. She oopen eyes and sees only darkness. She stands.

,,Are you feel good?''s ays Minst.

Myst says, ,,I feel good, but see bad for the dark is deep.''

Minst opens bag andsearches through bag and pulls out, ,,Hern'g glasses.''

Myst stand and puts the glases on.

Dim blurred lines draw over pack. Pain radiate from the lines.

Myst pulls glasses from head, says, ,,William will guide and the song of Reighn will lead until light be.''

William deep voice sooth. ,,I will remain the night for you to rest until there is sight.''

Myst steps and nudges William. ,,The pack should ot be divided here.''

,,Are we to go down?'' says Minst.

,,Down,''s ays Spear.

Flare steps and leads the pack to the on of the two rectangle hold near arched wall.

A rectangle spans long against the wall as long as two Spears and as wide as one Spear. A a curved wall like a bowl flows down.

,,Is there another hole down?'' says Minst. ''Does that door down have stairs or is the wall flat?''

Spear steps between Minst and Myst and looks down. ,,No stairs. Like a slide.''

Minst steps back and peers at Spear. ,,What one of two shall we decend?''

,,This,'' says Spear. He jostle to edge steps to wall and lays on wall. He feel and palm shuffle and slide back down. 

One by one, the pack follows Spear down with William being the last.                 

William stands and looks at armor and guantlet. He looks at Minst with pack on chest and pulls on armor.

,,Wiilliam,'' says Spear. Spear slowly slides down the wall and stips all near a bottom.

All but William are near bottom. 

Spear says, ,,One one bottom!.''

William nods head back and shrugs shoulders. ,,I am now beginning to decend.'' William steps, hes boots slide, hip armor scratches. Guantlet hand and hand hold.

William slides over concret to the pack.

The pack hears the scrape and scratch of metal and concrete. One by one as William descends they spread around hte base.

Through the various visions of dark, the pack sees

A disk as long and two and a half Spears span the bottom like a cap. 

,,Hungry,'' says Spear. He stretch a cramp over chest.

Kirra pulls out her wine carrafe and drinks.

Guile grabs his food ball then pulls rope or righn tight. ,,I will go.''

,,William first,'' says Minst.

william slide to the edge and stanads with a sway this way and that way. ,,If i be needing to journey to the unknown, let me lead the way.''

Minst says, ,,That's from Carlos's Tale of Two Leaders.''

William clenches fist, says, ,,Or who ever else the master bard stole the story from.'' He steps and disappears.

Spear slides and sits on disk and dissappears.

,,Are we going to wait for Spear and William to return to tell us of what is beyond?'' sasy Misnt.

Flare steps and disappears. 

Guile steps and disappears.

Myst grabs Minst's hand. ,,We follow a messangere of Reighn.''

,,What?'' says Minst and he steps with Myst.

They disappear then appears with the pack.

The pack stand is a dim lite room as wide as a boulder. The ceiling spans up until the dim light become dark and the dark is black. The black is pushe back from small windows as wide and long as an arm along the very talls cylindar walls. 

Dust falls and settles through the light.

William puts his her glasses in sack and pulls Myst's fromhead. ,,I have your glasses,'' she says. And with the light he sees Myst's face.

Mysts face smooth white skin like porcline doll looks scratched over cheeks and fare heard. Her closed eyelids are swollen deep black and blue and puffed like cotton.

,,Myst,'' says Minst. ''Are you feeling good?''

,,Yes,'' says Myst. Myst hums near silence and sees the pack stand in the cylinder room.

,,Can you see?'' says William.

,,Yes,'' says Myst. 

The word, ,,Yes,'' spread from Myst's mouth and echoes and relfects around the standing pack.

Flare looks up. ,,We are in the tower.''

Myst shouts. Her shout echoes. She sees the walls span high and narrow then wide to a top. ,,I hear a song sung of a tall tower,'' says Myst.

She hums and steps to the wall. The sound creates an image of stairs.

,,No stairs rise,'' says Guile. He sniffs. ''No rope climb.'' 

Myst hums and talks, ,,Stairs I see sing to rise above.'' She steps with talk and hum and stands as if floating. 

,,Invisible steps,'' says Minst.

,,Like the invisible step from Stone Giant Pass,''s ays Guile.

William steps and jostle. ,,I lead.''

,,Will there be traps,'' says Minst.

Myst step and hums and sees the sound around the invisible step.

One by one the pack follows Myst up and up and up.

The invisible stars twist arond the walls of the tower and past the thin windows.


The pack walks and peers outside.

Blue sky spans to two mountain tops and a flat desert.

The city below is covered with white. Small dots of black and red move over the roofs and balconies.

Cold window blows over the face of the pack as the pass.

The pack pauses and peers as they pass and climb up and up and up...

Minst's touches spell book spine. ,,It feels good to smell blowing air,'' says Minst. ''Where are we going?''

,,Up,'' says Spear.

William steps after Myst. ,,We will find the top and find our escape after leaving the disk at the top.''

Spear soft chuckles. ,,All hate for Carlos. You still want to put that thing there.''

William sighs and steps and lifts head up. ,,Yes, my friend. Because unless the disk will help us flee this city and find out fate I believe it is all there is.''

,,Why would Carlos want us to leave the disk at the top?'' Minst steps and looks at the blue sky then steps. ''What could he do with a teleport disk that couldn't be done with all those other disk and teleport platforms.'' 

,,One can teleport,'' says Flare. ''It could be this Carlos will cant use the teleport disk to teleport to the armor.''

,,The armor?'' says William.

,,The armor,''s ays Minst, ''But the armor is not connected to that disk. According to tests the armor would need to be closer than anyother teleporting device. It is
 because of this that I believe that to be without logic.''

Flare clicks and smackes. ,,YOu teleport with disk.''

,,No,'' says Minst as he steps. ''No,'' he says calm. ''We have not.'' His voice fades to Myst's hum.

Myst's hums guides. 

The pack peeks outside as they step up and up..

Between the thin tall window winged best are seen floating and flying around the mountain tops. 

Groups of red and black armored soldiers stand on roof tops. The road of snow are now mud brown. Stacks of smoke rise and smoldier through the sky. A haze hangs around the city below.

Above he pack walks, step after step following the song.

The pack walks, and sweat drips.

William wipes forehead. ,,These stair are giving the enemy our position and setting our own trap.''

Spear says, ,,Hungry.''

Guile says, ,,I eat a sheep. I drink a river.''

,,Climb,'' says Kirra.

Fresh cool air blows through the thin windows cooling sweat.

Step after step and stes and around the walls they climb through the dim and the dust.

The thin long windows close as the walls become solid and the spand from wall to wall wide.

The walls narrows with only a width of giant tree trun between then expands to the size of a pond until they step near the stop.

Myst's singing stops, and her steps slows.

,,There is a rectangle hold near the edge of the wall.

,,How wide are the stairs?'' says William.

,,Two steps,'' says Myst.

William grabs Myst's shoulder. ,,May I step pass and lead?''

Myst says, ,,Yes,'' and presses back against wall. She hums to see the wall and William pass.

William walks with hand along wall and steps slow. Feet step on invisible stairs to a darkness and into a dim light. ,,Light shines from widown as a larges a paintings.''

The light becomes bright as William emerges from a floor of concrete. A wide round room circles from William has he steps to floor. Open windows let wind gust through and sun shine illuminate the stone and carpets covering the concrete. A table with peakers, books and scrolls spreads against the wall under a window. Against another curve of the wall is a bookshelf that rises to the ceiling. Robe, necklaces, dryied plants and rope hang from hooks from ceiling. A skelton in shackles lay chained to floor. At the center of the room, a ladder rises to the ceiling.

William steps near the shakles and says loud. ,,I see no threat for our lives.'' 

The pack spreads through the room looking out windows and over tables.

Myst sees bright lights shine through eyelids. A burn spread over her head and forhead. She tries to pry eyeslid open, but they do not move. 

,,Myst,'' says William. 

Myst hums and steps from William to a breeze and brightens of a wide window.  He inhales and exhales.

,,Fresh air!'' says Spear. He inhales deep causing a small pain shock through chest. He exhales and steps to the large table and beings pull books and scrolls around.''More magic.''

Scrolls and parchment piece tear and rip from table top leaving bits stuck to surface. Three quills are empty. Dried ink chips from table and Spear tears closed a book.

The pages ofthe book flake to dust. Bits of book blow to floor and carpet and past Guile.

Guile walks over the runa dn peers at the conrete floor.

A fain patter of shapes spread faint over the rug. Bits of fiber crunch under foot. At carpet's end black marks spread over the floor. ,,Rug is rot. Papers are old, decay.'' He looks at Minst. ''Dilapitated.''

Minst says with pause, ,,...Yes. Dilapitated.'' He touch spell book spine and says. ''I need to pee.''

Spear says, ,,Pee.''

,,Where shall I pee?'' says Minst.

,,Where you stand,'' says Spear.

Minst looks at spear and scowls and steps to the rectangle hole in the ground. 

Guile stands and looks at ,,You can pee through a window.''

Kirra ,,Don't pee to wind.'' Kirra steps the a window and lets the wind blow over face, neck and hands. Cold spreads under the leather collar and chills. Chills give Kirra a shive and a thought of Jan. she stares at the blue and the mountains.

Minst steps to the rechtangle and steps downstairs.

,,Minst,'' says William. ''Please, pee in a jar on in a corner or we shall be stepping on sprinkles of piss all the ways down.''

Minst nods and steps upstair and to the bookcase. He grabs jar with a dried flower. He looks at the flower. ,,Should I open this jar and pee within?''

,,Pee where you may,'' says William.

Flare steps to the center, says, ,,You wait until I leave. I don't know that flower. She grabs  the ladder and looks up at a long tunnel to a blue spot. ,,Blue is the sky.''

Kirra walks parameter looking through the windows and over the desert and through the room at the bookshelf. She grips her short sword and peers crushing no rug fibers. 

Myst humms, the blurr of bright become defined with shades for walls and window. The textures fade with volume and tone. She sees the rum and hums and says, ,,Minst, please talk to me about what you see outside.''

Minst takes lid of jar and dumps flower on the dusts self of wood bookcase between windows. ,,I need...'' He puts the glass on floor. ''I need to pee.'' Minst standsin coner of wall and bookshef and pees.

While Minst pees, William looks at Myst and leaves a stare as the ladder hears to maon with metal.

While Minst pees, Flare climbs ladder pulling on each step before rising into the ceiling...

While Minst pees, Spear steps to cornor and pees. 

While Minst pees, Guile walk near Minst and Spear and peer around the edges of bodies peaking at-

Minst sees Guile's stare. They stare. And Guile smiles and steps nearly bumping into Myst.

Myst steps to a bright blow with a white at bottom. She humms low and steady. Gulie bumps and the hum remains low and steady. 

The bright blue is framed by a table and an alter beside the bookself.

Myst follows the wind to a window. Bright blue blurs through closed lids.

William steps to Minst, ,,Minst, be you feeling good?''

Minst stops peeing looks through and says. ,,It is blue and cold.'' He stares. ''two moutains like twin peaks rise from the within the city walls.'' He pauses and swallows dry mouths. Dry lips smack. ''A few roof tops are white. The road. The road is mud. The road around castle, near caslte are empty.'' Minst squits against the sun casting through winow. ''As I look to the Set, I see the land. The lake and desert. I see dots like soldiers standing on buidings and orads. Fire smoke rises from the city. There is the color of frost over eveything. But the mud. The mud is...'' Minst  and sees a shadow pass through the sky. ''There appears a beast flying through the sky.

The beast is near a dot. It flaps like a bird from the top of one moutain across the sky toward the other moutain top.

''Minst says, ''I see the grid of the street of the Goblin City. The halfcircle of the entrance is full. I think I see the shack where Carlos played.'' He looks and sees to the wax. ''The mountains rise from the ground like...Like...''

''Like volcanic cones,'' says William.

,,The beast flies from mountain top to mountain top,'' says Minst.

While Minst talks, William walk to Myst by window and stand by here seeing the shodaws span before the city to the Rise. He says soft, ,,Can you see?''

While Minst talks, Guile breaks a bit of food from food ball, covers mouth, fakes a cough and swallows food. He pushes around faded maps, number sheets and rolled scrolls that crumble to dust.

While Minst talks, Spear pees...

While Minst talks, Kirra stands at window to the Wax and looks at the bow shaft.

The wood shaft smooth and balanced at handle. The bow shafts smooth surface flow with hunderred of lines from curled end to curles end. It's lenth as long as leg.

Kirra grabs the ends of bow and bends.

The bow bend end and smooth.

''The beast flies from mountain top to mountain top,'' says Minst.

Spear and Kirra looks at the shadow.

Kirra sees and says, ,,Wings of green. Body skelton and sking.'' She follows the the flying beast across the sun and ot the blue. ''A rider rides.''

,,It does,'' says Spear. ''It is a goblin.''

,,Hugoblins,'' says kirra.

Flare climbs ladder through the tunnel to the blue spot that becomes the sky and doesn't hear the Minst talk or see the flying beast.

Cobwebs sprad over tunn and spread over Flare and she climbs.

The ladder creeks and moans now as she climbes the height as tall as the castle portculis.

Flare climbs to the top and to the flat  ground to a top of tower crowned with battlements.

Flare stands and walks over the condrete to the battlement and the city. 

A winged beast carrying a hugoblins flies around the tower tops near the distant peaks of mountains. 

,,What creature is that?'' says Minst.

,,Flare,'' says Spear. ''Flare knows.''

,,Flare,'' says William.

,,She is above,'' says Spear.

They watch the beast fly out of sight and above.

,,We go up,'' says Spear. Spear steps and climbs.

Gulie coughs a bit of food to mouth and swallows a bit of food. He steps to the maps. ,,I look at the maps.''

,,I will climb,'' says Minst. ''With Spear.''

Myst hums with words. ,,I want to see bright sky,'' says Myst and walks to ladder before Spear. she grabs and climbs.

Spear sees her face, the small g=cuts, the swollen eyelids. Spear watches her climb then looks at William.

,,Myst,'' says William.

Minst climbs after Myst.

William follows.

And the pack climbs to the tower top leaving Guile below.

Guile wanders over the table and pushes aside the paper. He hears the ladders steps ting distant. He pulls food ball from robe and eats.

The papers and maps scrawl with goblins numbers and surface talk mark. 

A few dwarven runes as large as a hand are written across a flaking roll of paper. Dust and paper flackes blows from table.

Guils shuffles andpulls paper from table top amd knock over a ink stained bottle and a quill with only a tip stuck in bottle.

Guile eats the food ball and looks at the jars of dust, flowers, twigs, cotton. Small boxes are stacked over on shelf. A dagger and a bowl read alone another shelf.

Guile stand and stares and eats.

The sound of bar moan spans into the room. 

William sneezes away webs and dust. 

The pack climbs the ladder as Minst speaks loud, ,,We climb through a long cold tunnel to the blue sky. The ladder is still. Cobwebs are every where.'' He pulls web from face. 

The disk pack over his shoulder slips and falls. Minst catch the pack and slips then catches. 

William glenches guantlet and jaw. He huffs and holds

Minst climbs and follows the pack up, says, ,,Where will put the disk?''

The question goes unansered until they reach the top and climb to the concret and see Flare standing by the battlements looking over the city.

The winged beast flies far and away then another winged beast flaps and flies from the moutain top.

Spear says, ,,Flare, what flies.''

Flare stars and lets her hair blow with the wind over her face. ,,You name them Eagobolins. They are Ikoon Jold.''

Minst breaths and clench hands and rubs them together. ,,Why name Eagoblins with surface talk?''

,,Goblins and eagle mate to create Eagobolins.'' Flare watches the Eagoblins fly through the sky.

The pack watch, but William steps near Myst, who hums.

He grabs her hand. He says low toned to her. ,,Myst, your eyes are colors unnatrual to the flesh. And while you beauty radiates from your being I see marks of pain.''

,,Marks of Reighn'' says Myst. Her voice sooths and calm Williams.

William lets his guantlet fist relax. He nods.Myst grabs his hard and hums and sees his face. She kisses his lips and whispers, ,,I can see you.''

Minst steps and stumbles near Minst. He touches the spine of spell book. ,,The wing bests look like a small black dragon. It flies smooth over the sky.'' Misnt steps near Myst. ''It now flies under the sun. Below there appears to be soldiers like little red and bloack dots standing on the roofs and balconeys of the buidlings around the castle.'' Minst steps between Myst and William and nudges William to side. He stands near Myst by battlement. ''There are campfires and small carts around the roads near the castle.''

Spear looks at William.

William clenches jaw and peers at Minst.

Spear says, ,,Minst,'' He slaps Minst's back. ''You have the teleport disk.''

Minst steps and jolts forward. ,,What? The...'' He grabs the pack with the rune covered disk. ''The disk.'' He stand and steps. ''Yes, the disk.'' He looks around. '' Where do we put disk. Carlos said to put the disk on the tower top, and this is the tower top, so where should we put it below. He should still get it.'' Minst steps to the tunnel down. He looks below. ''Where's Guile? Guile might know.'' Minist kneels to the floor and holloers through the tunnel. ''GUILE.''

Guile is the wide circle room below looking at the bookself while he eats one of Jan's Food balls. He eats and chews and swallows. He pokes and peers over the bookshelf. He walks to the rug and sees the circle patters theaded through.

The wind gusts, and Guile eats the food ball then grabs a some root weed in another pocket of the robe of Rieghn.

,,GUILE,'' says Minst above.

Guile puts the root weed into pocket, wipes face with sleeve of robe of Reighn, swallos and stands by the ladder. ,,MINST.''

,,WE ARE TALKING ABOUT WHERE TO PUT THE TELEPORT DISK,'' says Minst loud. His voice echoes down. 

Guile wipes face again, cleans teeth with tongue and climbs. 

,,I be up,'' says Guile.

,,Guile is climbing toward us now,'' says Minst. 

KIrra looks over th city and the desert. ,,Leave here.''

William says with a peer at Minst. ,,I am unable to recall Carlos saying what to do after we are to lay the disk on the tower top.'' He grabs sword hilt and walks around the battlements near Flare. ''Lay it where you will.'' 

Flare looks over the ground and at the eagoblins flying through the air.

On the ground soldiers dots fill streets and balconies. Laughter and shouts can be heard far far below. 

Far far aways another eagoblins flies from the moutain top then another. 

Flare says loud, ,,The army is guarding castle. The army is flying around tower.''

,,Should we leave the disk on top or bottome?'' says Minst. 

,,Minst,'' says Myst.

Minst contiues to talk. ''If we leave it on top then maybe those goblins with wings will swope and steel the disk.''

Guile climps to the tops and breathes deep, coughs and stands. He breathes. ,,Carlos...Carlos said to put the disk on top.''

,,did he?'' says Minst.

Spear huffs. ,,He says many things.''

Minst looks at Minst and Kirra then Guile. ,,This is important. This is not trivial. We need to remember. We need to do what Carlos said.'' He steps fast and shakes hand about causing his head to shake pain. ''This...This is what we are here, and I don't believe anyone is caring what we do now that we are on top of this, this, Gods forsaken tower.''

,,we leave it here. We leave it on the floor.'' says William.

,,Minst,'' says Myst with a voice that vibrates calm through all but Minst.

Minst talks. ''And now we are here and there is no path but through the disk, but we need to place it.''

,,Quiet, Minst,'' says William.

Minst takes the disk out of bag and holds it to sky while saying, ,,And this is what we have  is this disk that we found in a goblin tower that Carlos the Barded Dwarf want us to place on top of the tower.''
 
Setting sun relfects from disk.

William reaches and pulls the disk down. ,,Please do not create a target.'' And grabs the disk and tosses it to the ground. 

The disk clinks against cement and clanks to a roll. 

William says, ''The disk will remain there.''

The pack pause all but Kirra look at Minst and William.

Kirra stands at battlement edge then leaps atop. She blances in the wind. She holds the bow shaft horizontal along the Rise plane between the two mountians.

The wind swirls over Kirra and tower top. 

The wind blows over William and Minst.

Minst steps from William, grabs the ladder and climbs down.

William stands and peers past Minst to the wane horizon.

William and Guile hear Shake's voice in mind like a thought to both of them, >Did  Carlos set the disk in the goblin tower for us to take and make a destiny he is creating for his sake. This is not our fate, but it may be to late to control our fate.<

Then the pack stands behind battlements. A cold wind blows.

Guile says, ,,How will we leave this city?''

A freeze gust blows.

William says, ,,How will we leave this tower?''



