Minst sits and speaks fast. ,,The castle the keep and the tower is actually a bad name for the book because the tower was built then the keep then the castle. The twoer was built in honor of the marriage between William's distant parents. The marraige of GRANFATHERSNAMEOFWIILLAIM adn ILLUSIONLICHNAME were married  when young when Goblin Port was called New Westmore.''

''New Westmore was to be the transporting hub before the caravans crossed the desert back when the city was at the edge of the city and the water around the city fresh. A bidge spanned the water with no pillars rising from the river itself. New Westmore the city was built on loans and packs the WEstmore's made with other trading families and companies. And New Westmore grew beyond a small trading up to a thriving city governed by a council that was elected and then selected by the Westmores.''

''As the city grew, a generation of Westmores was born in the city, and ILLUSIONLICHNAME was of that first generation living in the city. It was ILLUSIONLICHNAME that remained while her brothers and cousins left to lead soldiers to protect warriors or expand the reach of the Westmores as she was the only woman born of the family and was expect to be groomed for marriage. It was a time of growth for ILLUSIONLICHNAME and the city. The wall around the island was being constructed with stone from the dwarves and help from the gnomes. The gnomes were. The gnomes. The gnomes helped. Are later.''

Minst wipes sweat from brow, swallows and touchses spine of spell book. ''The, the ILLUSIONLICHNAME and her father were able to convince a wizards, who where mostly gnomes, to branch their guild to open a branch inside the city of New Westmore, and it was the this the wizard's guild that showed ILLUSIONLICHNAME how to caste her first spell at the age of eleven. ILLUSIONLICHNAME was groom as a mage and as wife. It was the magic she became married according to the book as it was thought and is believe ILLUSIONLICHNAME carried only to caste spells and help the guild.''

''It was the wizard's guild that had the tower built for them years later when ILLUSIONLICHNAME was married to another trade family, the Gildren, but unlike most marriages ILLUSIONLICHNAME kept the name Westmore. The family forced her groom to accept the Westmore name. It was a small price of the groom trade for the marriage for his family had fallen under tough times.''

''The marriage was an event for the town. It was the celebration of the seasons. The way the book defines the celebration I feel it was worthy of the label. Marrage Celebration Grand. There were illusions from the wizard guild; fireworks from the dwarves; and representatives from all the guilds and trade pacts along the mountains range. It was For the wedding of ILLUSIONLICHNAME as a wedding gift, the Trade Guild, the Council of Lyno, and the Westmores with the hlep of the supplies and skill of the dwarves that the tower was built.''

Minst inhale, exhales, wipes brow. ''The tower was built after forty seasson. The center of the city, at the peak of the hill between the two mountains. a hole that is said to never see the sun was dug and feeling with stone and lime stone to create a sold base for the tower. Only a selected group of masons and diggers were selected and allowed to work on the tower as its plane and architecture wanted to be left to secret. And it appears after the centries that its secrets remain secret for the book had no mention of what is in the tower except that the entrance was first entered by ILLUSIONLICHNAME. Around the door and above the shaft that rises from the grown is made of stone carved and fitted with a percioun that makes the entire tower appear to be made from one slap of stone. Teams of pack animale were use to haul the stone from the Vane to the Set to the New Westmore. It was a massive undertaking that was complete during the span of ILLUSIONLICHNAME from a girl to a woman. To a underlink cleaning casting chambers and collecting components to commanding illusions and enchantments, but as she grew her marriage didn't. And as the tower grew the Westmores began to decline. It was stated in the book that the marriage of ILLUSIONLICHNAME was the peak of power of Westmores, and it was it completion a time of Westmore down fall.''

''The tower was complete while ILLUSIONLICHNAME was helping her husband negotate trade deals with Lyna and the dwarven people of hte mountain. It was her knowledge of illusions and dwarven culture learning from the architects and engineers who built the tower to negotiate with dwarves. It was has been written that it was the ignorance of the Westmores who want too much to destroy their relations. The book had no mention of who of the Westmores. It only mentioned that after all negotiations ended, and the tower was complete, ILLUSIONLICHNAME left for New Westmore land and began to build the Keep.''

Minst wipes forehead and breaths. ,,The keep was build after the tower with the same architects and masons who built the tower as slaves and not free worker accpeting wage. Many died and are barried thorugh the city of those who died building the keep around the tower. The keep was created, as writtenin the book, as a  hope by ILLUSIONLICHNAME to protect her from angry mobs, but also expand the power of the guild and rooms for experiements. Like the tower, few know what is within, but many know what came from the keep: mutants, monsters and undead.''

''While the keep was being built, and the Westmore family warred with guilds, the council of New Westmore removed any influence and changed the name from New Westmore to City Port. It was a change noticed little to those of the keep or ILLUSIONLICHNAME. According ot hte book, it had been too many seasons to be human since ILLUSIONLICHNAME had been seen, but still the keep was completed, and a wall around the keep rose to make a castle.''

''It was during the creation of the keep that the ILLUSIONLICHNAME was last seen.

''It was during the creation of hte keep that the ILLUSIONLICHNAME and the control of all the city in ownership and right was given from ILLUSIONLICHNAME to the city council and the people of City Port. For the gift of the city, the people and the city and the coucil signed a pack that was wrote to be written in blood with ILLUSIONLICHNAME'' Minst try tongue and lips smack.

Carlos stand and walk to a cylinder pitcher reasting on a platter on the hearth with four glasses.

Minst looks at Carlos.

,,Please continue,'' says Carlos.

Minst nods, and his fingers touch the spine of his books ten times before he swallows and says, ,,The keep was then built with no one of the city entering the keep or the tower. No on enterend. Not when the walls rose from the ground. Not when the roof was put on. Now when the doors and barred window were fitted. And not when the builders and architects disappeared...''

Carlos pours water and give a glass to Minst.

Minst takes water and drinks.

Carlos wipes the spots of speed juice from the floor.

Minst swallows and says, ''The builders and architects disappeard after the keep was built. The builders and the architects over the decades had left a space as wide as a field around the tower and the keep seeing that the open space would provide a meeting point. The space slowly cleared as the scafolding, the blocks, wood and shops of the workers slowly vanished from the sight during the last three seasons of costructs when the last worker entered the keep and never returned thus causing the open space intended to be for a market or bizaar was avoided and feared.''

''The area around the tower and the keep became a place of tales and horror for many seasons. From light to dark, it reads the decline of the city followers the staining and change of the tower, the keep and the open space. The council tried to make it a market, but the fears and decline in product created in the city with the decline in the City Port as a trade hub for the desert and the cities along the plane created a void in the city and left the void around the keep and the tower.''

''The keep and the tower began to be built was a time of darkness for City Port. The desert around the cite receeded closer to the mountains. The fresh water lack became a dead lake of salt. The main food supply dried and died. People left the City Port for other cities and towns and lands. The empty space around the tower and the keep was not the only vacant space in City Port.''

''The council remained control, but was only proxy for the guild control the city. A thieves guilds associated to Branching controlled a couple seats. The wizard guild controlled three seats. A few powerful desert traders still used the port, but their business and good was of weapons, slaves and poisens.'' Minst drinks water. ''Season passed, a few buildings fell, the lake died, the people lefts, the bridge feel and crumbled, and boats to transport the citizens and good from the city island to the desert sank, but the tower and the keep remain tall, strong and towering. It was during the end of this time that the council and the people began to control and seek to have the tower and the keep and the land around it.''

''New stories about the keep and the tower began to spread after groups of adventures entered the keep never to return. The most noted of the groups was lead by knights crossing. The Knights of Falf were the most noted of groups entering the keep, but they couldn't get the door open during the day.

''The city hired enginers and workers to build battering machines to demolish the tower and the keep, but like the nights, the engineers and workers were found dead before they could enter or before a machine was built.''

''Magicains tried to enter, but their magic fizzled and went wild when caste upon the keep and the tower. A few went mad and took their lives or were sent to the jails because their screaming and voilent rage could only be controlled by a jail cell.''

''The tower and the keep became the one force and object that united the factions of the town divided between Branching, Knights of Flaf, The Wizards of Elkin and the council, whose members were mostly Branching, Knights of Flaf, The Wizards of Estworme with only six of the twenty seats controlled by promnate families and elected 
people of the towns.''

''According to the book, the Wizards of Estworme was an puzzle for The Wizards of Westmore and controlled by ILLUSIONLICHNAME. It was found to be true after The Wizards of Estworme grew and size and power over a couple of seasons. Each new wizard and their followers appearing from the night to the light of day. Then nearly two hundred seasons ago, the The Wizards of Estworme together with the trade guilds, smith guilds and the nobles and aristocrates of city gained power in the council removing Branching and the Knights of Flat. The Wizards of Estworme promised to revive City Port to the height of its glory.''

''The Wizards of Estworme promise was fulfilled. It was fullfilled by the creation of a small militia to institute law according to the council. They provide protection for desert armies. They provided water, food and customers for City Port, but recreating itself as a trading hub using tranportaton from across the desert. It was fulfilled bu the wizards building a wall around the keep and the tower making it a castle creating a wall to protect the history and fear of the tower and the keep from the city. It was fulfilled by the wizards parting the lake adn creating the road and walls that part the lake today to open City Port to trade from the desert. It was during the creation of the wall that hordes of men appeared from soem where  when the first goblins were seen.''

''Once the walls around the keep and the tower were complete, a castle it was called. The castle was occumpied by the Estworme Guild. And from the caste the guild government and ruled the city. They let the council control the populous and set common law and civil pentaties. While the Estworme Guild through decree guided and controlled the cities devlopment, control and maintance using their workrs that were later to be discovered to be mostly goblins.''

''The goblins first appear as works helping build the stone wall around the keep and the tower, but in chains with wizard appearing to control. The goblins then were used to build the wall through the lake and the road, but without chains and along side dwarves, humans, elves, orcs and orges. The goblins then began to trade, entertain and protect City Port.''

''The people and elders of City Port accepted the goblins because the writer of the book speculates of the money and people adn city growth that has brought the city as it is today.''

Minst drinks waters.

Carlos sips from cup and nods.

Minst swallows. ''It was about twenty seasons ago when the soldiers began to appear. But then the council was controll the by the wizards guilds and voted group from te guilds, who they themselves were and likely are under the control of the wizards guild and the goblin army. The book ends. Written seventeen seasons ago. No author, so truth is realitive to belief. What the book doesn't explain is where and how all the people and supplies came to City Port. There is no explination as the book ends with focus on the lore of The tower, the keep, the castle.''

Minst touches the spine of his spell book. ''It was written and believed that all the gold and armor and trinkets of those who found a way into the keep still lays on the floor. There is lore that the Westmores hid a vaste amount of their weath at the bottom of the tower. It is rumored during the time of the book that wild magic spands thorugh the tower and was the place where the first goblins entered.''

Minst grips the book, stand and lays the book on a top book shlf. ,,I shall take it to the. I will take...I will put the book in the books shelf down stains. A good book.'' He looks at Carlos. ''And you. Where are you? What are you doing? What do we need to do now? Is there fun where you ar at? When will we see you again.'' Minst sits then stands then sits thens stands then paces around.

Carlos sit on stool. ,,I am in a cave on your side of the glob watching two dragon eggs grow and wiat for their mother to return with a new home while I plot to help you and your pack kill the Lich Queen ILLUSIONLICHNAME and begin to remove the power the Westmore Guild over the populations of goblins across the desert and fart to the mountains.'' Carlos yawns.

,,Quiet,'' mummbles William wtih mumbles and snores.

Carlos stretches. ,,You best sleep to rest and rise for tomorrow.''

Minst whispers, ,,Sleep.'' Minst raises hands. ''I can't sleep. I am wide awake. Thoughts are a bit jumbled.''

,,Sit,'' says Carlos.

,,What,'' says Minst.

,,Sit and close your eyes,'' says Carlos.

Minst sits talking. ,,Close my eyes, but I need to read some spells and study the goblins spell book. And talk. Talk more about where you are at and Lich Queen ILLUSIONLICHNAME.'' Minst closes his eyes. ''The book didn't read anything about a Lich Queen or black dragon or death and control-''

Carlose snaps fingers.

Minst slumps and sleeps.


