<The_Journey_To>
The pack gallop along the road kicking up dust and leaves.




Deep well wheels sway side to side of dirt rood. Roots of trees grip edges of road pulling it back and forward with the tree line. The tree trunns twist up like a dirty wound cloth. 

Wind blows and flows. A whistle becomes a howl. Force drives deep the chill.

Carlos pulls light coat and eveyone pulls their hoods a little tired.  

---




Rocks tumple down the slope of rocks and pebbles pile to the side of the trail. Pebbles and rocks pile to the peak edge of the canyon slopping up to a peak like the side of a pyraimind of loose stone.

The trail raises and winds and dips around bolders and rock piles spread on the Valley floor over the trail and into the river.

The river water rages rough spraying drips and drops upon the group. Sprays of mist spead from rives edge.

,,I can't see the other side," hallors mist above the roar of the river. 

---     
A wheel wore road dips left and right causing one to lean right or left to remain level.

Muds stick to boots, splats with each step. Leaves deep impressions of foot steps of the group. 

Spear slips. Mist catch Spear's shoulder and steadies.


----

The group saunters along the dirt road rising and lower over rippling road. Bared trees








---


,,They should call you Shakes," says Carlos. Carlos peers at Shake from head to food. "You got a tremble about you I don't like." 

Shakes slides dagger from sheath and twirles it between  fingers, ,,You've got a beard I don't like."

Carlos sings an A Sharp and flicks a finger at Shake.

A sonus force hits the daggers mid twirl. 

The dagger falls to the ground. 

Carlos laughs and picks up the dagger. Carlos spins the dagger on palm then twists wrist to roll the dagger to the back of the hand. He flicks wrist and the dagger pops up before Shake.

Shakes catch the dagger and grips the tip.

William guides his horse between Carlos and Shake. ,,Come on, we aren't there yet."

The group walks in silence



------------------


<Night of the first day>


,,Your map is wrong," says Carlos. He holds  the map flat in the center of the group circle. "That land mark here in the middle." Carlos points

,,Maybe your short legs are slowing us down," sneers Shake.

,,Maybe your slimy soul is make us slip back?" Carlos rolls the map up and gives it to William. "We need to find high ground."

,,Haven't you been up this way?" say Mist.

,,









------------------

<Night of the second day.>


,,It's night," Carlos rubs eyes and yawns. "Tired. And even if there are no widows for light in that place, I still would rather enter it during the day."

Thunder rolls and clashes.

William looks up then looks at Carlos, ,,You can sleep in the rain. William taps heel against the horse. The  horse walks in place. "I'm going to sleep under the gazzebo. Where it's dry." William looks at Shake and Spear


---


Carlos slaps Shake's hand. ,,Kid, next time I'll cut it off."

Shake peers at Carlos, ,,Next time I'll steal it. And not accidently touch it."  Shake looks to Wiliam.

William pivots head side to side. William is slumped upon horse and staring at road with a boucne each stop of the horse.

The group walks along the path. Feet and hoofs slop through the mud. Small chips of ices crush and melt under foot. 

Everyone slaps a cheek or the nave of neck. Then holds hand before face to briefly see the dead Frost Mosquitoes.

,,Hate these things," says Carlors. Carlos takes a neckerchief from pouch and wipes and then puts neckerchief in pouch.

Spear yawns and adjusts the long bastard sword up back.

Marlowe walks by Bacon. She holds the reigns. 



--
Carlos grabs William's guitar latched to saddle and tosses it on the William's lap. 

The guitar bangs against William's hand, stone and sword.

William looks up and peers at Carlos.

Carlos points to the sword, ,,If you played the guitar as much as you do that sword you wounldn't need some silly small shield to sell to help you get buy while you practice you music and stories."

Spear picks up the guitar and holds it up, ,,It's a pretty thing." Spear snears at Carlos, "The sword is the only instrument Carlos needs." Spear tosses the guitar near the fire.

Carlos snatches the guitar and holds it away from spear and the fire. ,,Fool. You should go poke something." Carlos points to a line of runes along the neck of the guiter. "If you could read," Carlos holds the guitar in arms and strums the cords, "You read that this guitar is worth more than you." Carlos hums and strum. 

Perfect pitch escapes from both instruments.

"Third generation Loren," says Carlos. "Worth more than you."


--

Carlos looks waround, ,,Where'd that wizard go," says Carlos. Carlos vision cools. 

The night cool and dim. 

Carlos stares at the fire and kicks over a piece of wood, mutters, ,,Casters." Carlos pulls out pouch.

,,You caste spells," says Mist.

Carlos opens put the pouch one the ground, ,,I am an entertainer." Carlos opens the pouch. He looks at Mist. "I caste entertainment."

The pouch opens to a flat circle on ground.

Carlos reach to the open circle of cloth. His hand then forearm disappear in the hold and pull out two hand drums. He sets the drums down and pulls to a pouch the circle and puts the pouch away. He looks at Mist. "It's more religious to me."

Mist smiles, ,,Play your drums Carlos the Barded Dwarf."

Carlos hit and raps on top of dums in center creating a low tap. 



Cold rain falls from the sky. Wheel rutts fill to puddles.  Boots slop along the muddy pant. Wheel rutts fill to puddles. 

A growl grows above the pour of rain.

------


Legs stir the mist floating over raod. A arch of branch hang above like a hall. Spats and splashe of mud and puddles slop and spirt under foot and mist. The hall of branches fades into the mist.

marlowe stars at the ground watching the swirl of mist twist up ankles.

Spear slices his sword in low arching swings through the mist watching wisps spin up with each swipe.

An hour passes and not even a word passes betwen the group.

A fog fills the tree hall away.  The fog adn mist become one.

,,Can barely see the trees," says Spear.

Silent nods spead to each of the group. The steps and space become tight in in sync. The group presses near and tightens parameter.

A team of horse appear.

William pulls back on reigs. Chistopher sides steps to edge of road. Shake steps amd swats Christophers tale away from face.

A team of horse pulling a tall walled wagon covered at a peak rolls and creaks past. Then another and another. Teams of men walk along the horse pulling on reigns.

The Carvan wheels twist and slip in mud ruts. Chucks of mud fall with plop to road. 

People hold packs and baskets and clubs and pitch forks. The walk along the side of the road on top of the matted grass.

(The caravan of sellers and merchant collective and families roll past. The rooll from town to town setting up week long exhibitions. Shake leaves the group and follows the caravan to steal food and money and pots. I think they may have food taken over by a jelly. This will be the morning of the second day. The stealing food and the hunger will be a good character showing and telling. The caravan will be guarded by the Bandit Brigade. Spear hides because he has fought some. William knows one from childhood.)

,,Where's Shake," says Carlos.

William looks behind at the wall of fog.

Carlos mutters, ,,Son of an..."

Spear laughs, ,,Marvelous. Now maybe we'll have the Bandit Brigade come back and take the payment from out he still in blood." He  pulls free is sword and lets it hang.   

,,Calm," says William, "Shakes 

,,No wonder you didn't find a Palading to page you," says Merlowe. The robes hood flaps side to side with edige slapping face. 

William peers at Marlowe then looks behind. 

Carlos says, ,,We best keep going. I don't want to sleep here.  And the more distant we put between us and them the better." 





Shake pulls hood over eyes and lowers heard. He hears the clank of pans. 

Guiders and riders of wagon and horse slump shoulders and hang head low and bouce with each rut and rock rolled over. The reighns of horse dangle from hands. 

Water driips from edges of hoods and cuffs.  

The Bandit Brigade spreads from a group to a line. They then split and cross from one side of the road to the other. 

The horse step and slip between the caravans.

Shake walks bumps into a Bandit Brigde hodling holding hitl of sheathed sword slung to hip and dangling loose and free. Bandit slip foot into rut and stumbles. Shake lowers and steadies voice. ,,Sorry, brother," Shake nods. Shake extends hand. The swordsman grabs his hand. Shake pull and helps swords man step out of rut and onto the
side of rode.

The swordsman nods and walks. Shake walk by the swordsman. Shake slides the swordsmans medician pouch between a pocket fold and between the wrap of his tunic.

Shake stops and steps off by a tree and pees. 

The swordman looks back. Then walk along with the caravan.

Shake ties off pants and walk from side of road to center of road behind  a wagon holding boxes. 

(I think some one will get sick and the cleric won't be able to help enough because here abilities are not focused on healing. Maybe Carlos will get sick or William or Spear. The food spoils. William promises that at the next township they can get food if they can just go the night. After an unsessful night of forging and hunting they wake up hungry. They pass the  caravan of the township moving because of a slow rot and reports of dead rising from grave. No food is found, so shake steals medicine a couple rings and an oxen. I think the mage will be vegitarian and refuse to eat the oxen.  Shake will steal the oxen by slightly and secretly cutting the team loose then causing a team of horse to spoke and the oxen to run in two directions. Through the confusion Shake makes people believe the oxed ran off iin pairs on yokes in one direction when really only three did. He runs eveyone in the one direction while loosing them then hidiing in shadow t odouble back and get the other oxen  hooked to a tree with his grabbling  hook tied to a robe tied to the oxen. Carlos will joking complain that he prefers horse becuase he does.)

----


I feel that Carlos, the mage, and the cleric will sleep outside the gates and William, Shake and Spear will sleep inside the gate and  be scared from the place where they sleep after ghost haunt. This is where Spear will age a few years and the cleric will turn undead back to the manor, but feel that there is a more powerful force controlling the ghosts.



,,A short walk down the road," say Merlow. The mage lifts an arm and shakes it arm. Robe waves and whips, "Down the road." He extends armrss, "More like down the trail or down the map."

White puffs of heat billow from Williams mouth. Wiilaim pooitn to the saddle of Bucky. ,,Youre can ride if you want."

Merlow puts puts hand on Bucky. Bucky bumps Merlow. Merlow falls into the mud of the road.

Carlos laughs and lowers a hand before Merlow.

Merlow waves a muddy sleeve through air, ,,Back!" He snaps.

William looks back smiling, ,,You might want to let buckey know why you are tocuhing him.

Merlow flaps arms. Mud drops fly from sleeves.





Now that Merlow may be part of the ring and inhansed by Carlos I can now see the character. Merlow will leave during the night because there is no light. I think light will be needed to keep the illusion ring changed. It is why carlos holds the torch in the ring hand.       







Mist holds hand over the cut. She hold her talisman and whispers a prayer. Deep red light flows from the cut on Spear's should and though the viens fading as it spreads of body.

,,Don't move," says Mist. Mist shoves a stick in Spears mouth. Mist push Spears shoulder down and nods at Williiam and Carlos, who grap on to Spear's shoulders and ankles. Mist pours a line of gun powder along the cut and whispers and snaps.

The mind powder ignites bright and blue. Smoke puffs.

Spear's body jerks and shakes. Mouth breaks the stick, screams through teeth. Spear scurries on hands and feet. ,,HOW ABOUT A HEALING SPELL!" He grabs his shoulder.

Mist stands and wipes mud from robe and flicks mud at Spear, ,,My God won't heal you." Mist walks away, "Lucky in let me burn the poison out."   



I think Spear willl be a growing barbarian with a natural ability to resist good or bad magic. Spear has no magical items and actually distrust magic and magic users. Spear will be at odds with Mist because she is a spell caster in his mind and because she is a follower of the Godess of magic. Spear is a barbarian after a few years of leaving.





Carlos points to to small flute hanging from Mist's robe. ,,You play."

,,I use to," says Mist.

,,Don't need to be a Bard to play an instrument."

,,No," says Mist, "But you need talent."

,,Talent," says Carlos, "Glad no one told me that when I was young or I would have never learned to play the drums."

Mist lowers hand and grabs the flut. She walk and stares forward. ,,It's my mom's. She was talented."

,,Everyone has talent," Carlos says, "I am sure you mom didn't pick up the flute adn play like the wind." 

Mist looks at Carlos and smiles, ,,No, no I suppose not."  







<maybe a fight with some monster the bandit brigade?>


Mist list arms to the sky. She closes her eyes and blows a soft breath and lowers her arms until parallel with the ground. She opens palms and eyes.

A gust of wind blows. The three orgs fall to the gournd. Mist steps, grabs mace, and reaches and swings mace and hits ...


----

Fog floats around the knees hiding feet and base of moss covered trees.  Gray clouds hide the blue sky. 

Feet step and suck from trail and create swirls of fog. Deep mud sinks feet. Each stop pulls boots from muck and mud.

Carlos pulls a knecker chief from pocket and wipes foreahead. He clears throught, ,,Wish I had a flying carpet."

William half smiles. He pulls the reigns of horse,, ,,I wish I had a reliable map."

,,This is the trail," says Carlos.

,,More like a river bed," says William.

All heads hang low guiding the path between the trees. The sun begins to rise between the split of the canyon. It's rise fades the fog. Heat waves of water rise. Pools of water and beds of mud spead from tree edge to tree edge. 
 
Shake slaps neck and rolls a dead misquetto between fingers and flicks it away.

The sun rises from the canyon.  Brright beams illuminate the shadows and castes away the shade. Crust of mud hardens. Thick mus sops and sucks.

A smell rises from ground of urine.

Spear kneels and raises and arm and open palm. The groups stops. He dives and peers through the trees, hollars ,,GET DOWN."

Carlas, shake and Mist fall flat in mud. William raises shield and steps infront of Buckey's head.

A volly of darts fly from tree line.

,,Goblins!"

Squeels and hoots dance around from the sides of the trail echoing through the canyon and trees. The ground th

...(something action. can't see it. Need to roll)

Buckey's rear legs buckle. It's hind shakes and falls.

Carlos pulls two blow darts from neck, grabs and pulls it from waists and warps it around neck, grabs hammer. 

Goblins leap from brushes and trees. They swing from roprd tumbling and twirling through landing on the trail and on the other side of the tree line. They leap swinging rusted knives and short swords. 

Shakes pulls knife grap the nearest goblin slits its throat spins from a knife swipes and runs into the tree line.

,,ON ME!" holler William drops shield, pulls knife from sheath and swings sword and knife at sworm of goblins streaming from the trees.

Spear skwers a line of goblins with one swing while stepping backward toward William. 

,,Mist," says Carlos.

Mist pushes arm deep into the mud swishing arm back and forth.

,,MIST," says William.

Carlos swings hammer back and forthe before mist scaring away the goblins from the swings arc.

,,MIST," says spear.

,,Shut up and help me find my pouch!" snaps Mist.

(Mist will call a plague of insects to overwhelm and drive away the horde of goblins. The goblins will try to drag away Buckey) 







,,Caw! Vot!" says Minst in goblin to the goblin griped by Minst's hands. The hand wrapped around the neck.

The goblin's body shakes and legs kick. The eyes wide and face flexed and spread. A scretch escapess. 

Minst releases hands and the goblin falt into mud. Another goblin steps on the globin face and leaps at Minst. 

Minst raise palms and hit palms upon the face of the flying goblin, ,,Caw! Vot!"

The flying goblin jerks and shakes to the ground.

William hits the hilt of sward against the head of one, two three, four goblins.



(Minst the illusion mage will say each spell in the language of those around to  convince the focus of the spell that the spell is real and not just an illusion. Shocking Grasp is something that I like. I like the idea. This is just a part of the words for the battle. Not  much else will probably not be seen with this.)




---








---

William's family's house will be in  a town that was once the boom of the trade for it was the first town at the mouth of the canyon and point for sale
and transportation of the stone and a place to shelter travelers and cravans and sell things to the mining village found through the canyon. A conyon that was heavely
secure during the mining heyday of the mine. The journey from William's family's house will be from the village and through a canyon. The canyon will lead to the mining villiage and the keep that was built by William's family to protect the mining villiage. 

The canyon is a days travel. A journey that needs to  be made during the day to avoid being ambussed by Kobatls, knools, orcs, and undead.

The Canyon will ope again to a bowl valley with mountains on all sides. There is enough room for roads and the keep and the village.    

The group will be forced to stop the night in the middle at a place they thing best because they are ambushed by some thing. I don't know what. Some excotic creature that lives in the high mountains, but has went to the lower moutains for food. The fight will finish with one them getting poisened, probably the barbians. There may be a swamp like land because of the run off and the rivers and the dam sloppy things. Regardless, I think that there wlll be some thing that will corrupt their food and have nothing to eat in the morning. Having travelled more than halfway the decide to journey on to the village the keep and pass the caravan of people leaving the village. 

I think the canyon will have been widdened by the Dwarves oneside is shear one side is not. The side not shear is from the south side of the river. The Canyon was unnaturally widdened was to increase the the trail through the canyon to increase trade. The Dwarves also found some ore to mind. Later rocks have levelled. The collapse of the mountain will be the land mark. The collapse will remind Carlos of the past story or tail from some lengend Bard. A Bard whose race is disputed the entire time. A Bard who everyone believes is their race. William and Carlos will talk about the Bard during the walk to the house.





</The_Journey_To>
