Soldiers stand shoulder to shoulder to should holding blow gun to mouth and blowing darts at the pack.

The pack stands far into the darkness of the stone tunnel behind portcullis and through castle wall to the pack with backs to flat metal slab.

The flat metal slab spans through darkness to flat stone walls.

William says to self, ,,If there are Gods then why did Shake need to die?''

William and the pack look see rows of guards standing beyond the portcullis
The pack sits.

The soldiers stand and stare.

The white robes are pushes off the road and from the portcullis.

William peers through tears and hate. ,,Why won't they enter?''

,,Who?'' says Minst. ''I can't see.'' He touches the spine of his spellbook and touches his component bags.

William sniffs. ,,What? Why?'' He looks at William. ''Why can't you see?''

,,Magic,'' says Minst. ''The hall. The space. Magic. Magic dead. I tried to fly, but nothing. The magic.''

William sniffs and wipes nose with hand and wipes tears. ,,Why can't you see?''

Minst touches the spine of his book and touches the coponents on belt. ,,The are warps weak magic and the magic for me to see his blurred and blinded.''

,,You're blind,'' says Flare. She stares at teh soldiers and watches a tent canvas unroll over ground.

Myst, with her head agains Shake still chest softly hums to says, ,,Reighn sings faith through these halls for only the dead be.''

Spear kneels by Shake.

Flare kneels with Spear.

''No magic,'' says Minst. ''I'm blind.''

,,No Den and Hearth,'' says Spear.

,,No Shake,'' says William.

Myst grabs William's hand and squeezes.

William clench jaw. He stares at the fires and glowing globes and the goblins soldiers standing.

The soldiers raise a tent adn begin to push across the road. Their loud click and clacks caste noise of day. 

Soldiers mass along the robes. Then soldiers appear on the balcony of the hotels before the castle. 

,,What do you see,'' says Minst.

William pulls his hand from Myst, stands, grips his long sword. ,,The goblins too scared to enter.''

,,The book was right,'' says Minst. ''The castle's lore.'' Minst blinks and rubs eyes. Colors explode and shape like sun bursts. ''The lore that frightens them from e
ntering.''

,,What if they get a spell caste who can shoot lighting?'' says Guile.

,,The magic weave, reliefs and marks are,'' Minst sits. ''The magic is...''

,,Gone,'' says Spear. ''Free.'' Spear look thorugh the darkness and sees Kirra.

KIrra stands on top of the Portcullis. She walks the aling the edge with bow and quivers. She stands as the crowd spreads and a tent is bopped. She hears William's cries and sniffs that echo through the hall. She thinks of Jan and sits and stares betweeen the gap between the wall and portcullis.

Spear looks from Kirra. ,,Our path is here.''

,,And what do you know of this place, Flare?'' says William. ''Does your goblins lore teach you of these walls? Are you scarred.''

Flare stands near Spear and Stares. ,,I know nothing.''

Flare stands near Spear and stares at the soldiers. ,,I know nothing of this place.''

Minst sits and pushes his hands through a component bag. ,,What do we do?''

,,We sleep,'' says Guile. ''We give honor to Shake with silence and thoughts.'' Guile sits by Shake's body and lowers head. 

William sighs and looks into darkness.

,,We leave,'' Spear walks to the stone walls and peers along th ewalls and the door. Flare follows her own path around finding and seeing.

The walls rise to darkness. The night sight and in the as tall as the huge iron doors covering an arch way. The smooth black stone rise near seemless  joints

Dust and snow powder cover. A cold wind bowls through.

Darkness spreads above. 

,,What's there,'' says Spear.

,,I can not see,'' says Minst.

Guile snores.

Spear walks.

Kirra sits and hears Guile's snore.

Guile snores. 

The torce light become fire light. 

Fires burn in steel bowls hauled before the portcullis by ox-goblins. Fires burn from torces. Fire burn away with the night.

Soldiers closes the street with tent at far end. Soldiers stands on balconies with darts and blow guns.

A few darts and blow guns.

William sits with Shake's lifeless body in lap. ,,What now?''

,,Sleep,'' says Spear. ''We sleep and what for the sun to illuminate.

,,Sleep,'' says William. He sits by Shake. He slumps over and sleeps.

As William dreams, Spear and Flare nap and pace the paramieter. Minst sleeps near Guile. Myst sits near William and combs his hear and sings softs.

William dreams and hears a distant mumbling of Shake like a long song left playing. In William's mind, Shake says near song. <Where have we gone lost in a hall too tall and dark to see the top and stop this sitting and waiting. The day will reveal the faith and the path if we hath the health to climb and the time to walk around the caste. As I float I feel like I guide a boat foating around a moat protecting the outside from the in. I see no place for the pack to nest as I die again and again.

The darks around sounds for I am not found any more...>

The voice of Shake mummbles to Guile and William as they sleeps creating dreams of images of the three running around the cats.

Myst hears a distant song, but even Reighn is silents as the sun shine begins to shine a morning Rise.

The pack settles and spread along the iron door.

The soldiers stand and march along the streets. Wagons create a round all of wagons from portcullis end to portucllis ned. Soldiers with cross bows lay and sit on wagons. Soldiers eats, talk and laugh. Small fires burn awake the night to a dark blue morning. Soldiers sit on balconies and eats, sit and sleep.

The dark blue become blue.

The pack wakes one by one and stare not wanting to be the first to speak.

,,I feel like we are in the swamp,'' says William. ''In the dragon's den.''

,,We are,'' says Spear. ''And we will live again from the den of dragons.''

,,If only they were goblins and not hugoblins,'' says William.

,,If only we can escape through the roof,'' says Minst. He touches the spine of spell book.

,,Can you see,'' says William as he looks at Shake's body.

,,No,'' says Minst.

Kirra looks above.

Light shines through the portcullis...

The stone wall to the huge steel door behind rises a long short opening near the top of the hall before the arch  like a mezzanine on both side.  The bottom of the wall rises  a reach higher that the top of the portcullis. TheAlong the balconey, two open arches lay at either end for both balconies.

The large hall between the portcullis and iron doors rises to an arch. Before the wall curves to the arch, a long short opening near the top of the hall before the arch  like a mezzanine extends to both sides. Both the stone wall, and the iron door are smooth. 

Above the portcullis is a holes where four chains as wide as ox goblins are long. Each link a massive circle.

,,Four arch ways and on balconies!'' says Kirra. Kirra stretches and looks up chains. ''Four chains throw holes.''

Spear stands. ,,How far to balconies? Can we fit up the chain.''

,,Balconey far jump. Rope and hook.


His body the shape of human. His armor shifted to fit. His warhammer in hand.. He stands and walks to the walls and rubs hand over surface. ,,We climb the portcullis.''

,,I can't climb,'' says William.

,,You can climb,'' says Spear. ''You have to climb.''

Guile looks at Shake. He sess to Shake, >|Shake.<

Shake lays.

William says, ,,Shake's dead.''

Guile stares at Shake's dead body.

Myst humms and grabs her Star of Reighn and lays her hand on Shake's mouth.

,,I don't think Reighn is hearing our song,'' says William.

Guile grabs his Heart Dagger, says, ,,Shake seen the song of Reighn in his mind.'' Guile looks at Myst. And with the sun light reflecting Myst sees Guile stare with her. ''I listen to Shake's song. Now I hear the song without Shake.''

Myst hums with mouth then throat and mouth and whisltes soft. The soothing sounds blow beauty and wind and blow through the hall and with the click and clack of morning soldier talk. 

Song of Reighn sings long flat tones and bass deep and low like a troll moan spreading somber. 

The click and clack calms and quiets. 

Myst's hums are deep and low and high whistle blows away the song to silence.

Myst raises hand from lips and kiss Shake's lips, says, ,,Sing in our minds.''

William and Guile looks at Myst.

Myst stands and feels the stares from Spear, Flare and Kirra. 

Kirra peers at the long mezzanine open stone window. 

The jump to window is twenty steps and a dive.

Kirra walks to the chains and looks up at all five. Four chains holes are the width of Kirra's arm span with thin gap between. The center chaint was two arm spans of Kirra and a half with gab between chain and sold wall wide enough for Spear. 

Large chains are covered with cooked animal fat and dust. A slight slime stings Kirra's hand. 

She rub her hand on Blue's Armor, says, ,,Path up middle chain.''

,,Climb,'' says William.

Spear lifts arms to stretch muscles and feels a slight pain pierce through chest. ,,Climb.'' A dull thread pain pulls from center of chest.

A large dark spot spread from chest center.

,,When will we climb,'' says Minst.

,,Soon,'' says William.

Guile crawls. unfastens the Branching Armor rom Shake's neck.

William steps back and steps by Guile. ,,What are you doing?''

,,taking the armor,'' says Guile. Guild pulls the armor from shoulders. ''

Kirra looks through the hall says loud. ,,I take the carrafe.'' She lifts her sack of dice on hip.

,,I toss no bones for the armor,'' says Guile.

William pushes Guile's shoulder from Shake. ,,BACK!''

,,William,'' says Spear.

Guile sneers at William. ,,You do not.''

William steps, grips gauntlet. ,,Leave him be.''

,,He's dead,'' says Guile. ''I didn't do it.'' Guile stands and pulls his robe of Reighn around body. 

William spits at the feet of Guile. ,,Cold and coward.''

Guile grins and breathes through is nose. Cold puffs of warm billow and flow. ,,Yes. I am warm to friends.'' He peers a snarl. ''I won't let the goblins take Shake. Guile steps to Shake's body and William. ,,I want the Branching Armor and his wool shoes. The means Shake to me.''

,,William,'' says Spear with a slight groan as slight pain spread from chest. 

William looks at Spear. They stare. 

Myst says, ,,If evil sing through these halls or if a soldier beyond the gate decides to take the body then we loose Shake from fate.''

Spear and William look at the other until William's shoulders slump. ,,And the song of Reighn doesn't release the soul and give the body for Reighn's chorus.'' William looks at Myst. 

Myst looks at Shake. ,,Only if the soul listens.'' She looks at William. ''Only if another force has not consumed the mind of Shake.''

Guile pulls out his heart dagger as Flare looks and steps toward the portcullis. 

Flare says, ,,They will not enter. They fear this place.''

Beyond the portcullis, the soldiers sit on chairs, walk in and out of black tent that is as square and a black box. Soldiers march before the portcullis. Soldiers lean on balcony railings. They smoke and spit. The peer through the portcullis and toss rocks.

A few white robes push between the soldiers and try to rush the portcullis until they are grabbed and dragged away. 

William exhales. ,,Take what you want.''

Guile looks at William's face caste half with shadows. He looks at Shake laying on back. He kneels and unfastesn the Branching Armor from neck side of torso to hop.

The Branching Armor feels loose and appear to grow and Guile pulls.

Shake's body pulls against Guile pull of arm. Shake's arms bend at elbows slow and tight. Fingers are stiff and stuck.

Gule rolls Shake over who roll like a broard. 

Shake's arms and legs stiff and staraing.

Guile pulls the Branching Armor from Shake's legs. He pulls off Shake's boots. 

Gold coins and a gold necklace fall to floor.

Guile glances, but looks at the matted Stone Giant Wool shoes.

Tears fall from Guile's eyes as he looks at the wool shoes.

Flare and Myst watch Guile and William.

William walks to the Portcullis.

Fumes from Guile.

Minst grabs bag and stumbles to a stand. He reaches and feels cold iron. ,,I can climb blind.''

Guile sniffs. ,,What about the body?'' Guile rolls. 

,,I don't care,'' says William glancing back. ''Burn it. Stab it with you Heart Dagger. Piss on it.'' William glares at Guile. ''Make sure you steal everthing first.'
'

,,I roll fo the carrafe,'' says Kirra. 

,,Roll,'' says William.

Myst kneels by Shake and looks at the coins. She kneels by Shake's head and untwists a hair lock and pulls out a lock pick and flicks the pick.

The lock pick flick strums a warmth. Myst says with song and note, ,,A keep of Shake to sing his song.'''

,,It will be are departing song,'' says William. He looks at the soldiers. ''Will they shoot bolts and dards?''

,,Yes,'' says Flare.

Minst says, ,,WE should give Kirra the carrafe.'' He shuffles feet over ground and kicks Shake.

,,To the fire with the carrafe.'' William looks at the portcullis. ''The tower,'' say William. ''We need to read the tower.

,,The tower,'' says Spear. He looks at the 

,,ROLL BONES,'' says Kirra.

,,CARRAFE YOURS,'' says Minst loud. ''Where's the..." Minst,'' he says with normal tone.

Guile sniffs. ,,Here.'' He tosses Shake's bundle. ''I think. I.'' He looks at the coins and stands. He grips the Heart Dagger. 

Spear and William step toward the portcullis. 

Flares steps behind. 

Soldiers step toweard the Portcullis. Other's stand wand watch. Ten by fire look through the portcullis. 

,,We go now,'' says William. 

Guile holds the Branching armor and stuffs it in his pack. ,,What. Wait.'' He put pack to ground.

,,Now. WE go now. Don't give them more time?'' Guile slides his Heart Dagger in sheath and stands with pack slung over back and Robe of Riegh dragging to William. He shuffles and pulls over the robes. ''We...''


,,I will be...Ready. ...I.'' Minst hands push and shake through Shake's sack feeling for the caraffe. He touch wood and feel hte curve. He grabs and pulls the carrafe from back.

A knife, braid of hair, a vial of ooze, a wring of beads, worn leather peices, some pine nuts and roots and a pices of root weed spread over floor. 

Minst stands and smells the sage. ,,Smells like hern.'' And steos to the pack. ''How do we go?''

Guile looks at Minst. He remembers the smell of Hern and sends a mental shout into Minst connecting Guile's smell of Hern and Minst smell of Hern then sees darkness. Guilde feels from fear and flashes of sun and beach and running from shouts and rocks hitting back.

Guile feels Minst fear as he stands and steps. 

,,I need help.'' Minst smile.

Guile feels Minst fear.

William says, ,,We go all at once. We spread wide. Rush the gate and climb. Minst run with Spear. Myst and Guile run wide.'' William steps 

,,And flare,'' says Spear.

,,I care not,'' says William.

Flare straps shield to foreamd and sheaths sword.

,,I,'' says Guile. ''I can...'' He disconnects from Minst surface emotions. He begins to thing of Shake. ''I can climb. That things.'' He looks at the the portcullis. ''I can.''

Spear lets a single laugh sound and slaps Guile's back. ,,Climb fast.'' Spear hallers. ''FLASK YOURS. NEED COVER AS WE CLIMB.''

Minst stuffs Shakes pack bundle in his component back. ,,When are going to?''

,,Now,'' says William. He grabs Minst. He steps. Minst shuffles with back and closes pack and walks. ''GO!''

Along the width of the portcullis Guile, Flare, Spear and Minst, William, Myst.

Soldiers stand and walk to the portcullis. Clicks and clacks spread. Soldiers stand, grab shields.

Darts fly. A few darts fly through portcullis.

The pack runs, grabs the portcullis and climbs.

Four soldiers rushs with shield over head and sword sword poking before at the portcullis.

Kirra pulls and fires four arrow.

Three arrows stick into the heads of soldiers. A third strikes a shoulders.

Four soldiers fall.

Eight soldiers running toward the portcullis stop adn click. The soldiers spread. Soldeirs on deck grabs and arm their crossbows.

The pack climbs.

Darts hit hands and armor.

Cold steel freeze skin. The wide rods of portcullis spam as wide as small hands.

Sodliers watch. Crossbows rise. Blow guns point to tips and blow.

The pack grabs and climbs. Guile climbs low and clam with grunts and deep breaths as his Branching Armor slips from grasp. Flare climbs with ease and follows near and below William with glances and peers watching his climb. Spear and Minst climb slow and steady. Minst finds his footing adn hand grasp and begins to see the portcullis in mind. William climbs slow slipping a few fingers, but climber with Myst to the top.

Near the top, the pack sees the streets and buildings illuminated by sun. Sun shines on white robe scattered between soldiers and campfires. The slush covered streets covered with  campfires and test. A few wooden cart are parked along the roads. People point and watch the pack climb.

William slips at the top. Spear grabs William's armor and drags him over the top. ,,My friend you can climb.'' He helps William stand. ''I was wrong in the room.''

,,My friend, if I never climb again I will die happy,'' says William.


,,You will be sad,'' says Guile, who breathes deeps and coughs then blows into his hands. He glances at Shake's body. He hears an echo of Shake's voice in mind, <And we will climb to find a chime on the end of a chain, so we may rule above them all. If we do not fall that is all we need to do. But the ground is below.> Guile things of a maze around the chains and steps to the chain.

Spear sees soldiers gather need the edge of sight. 

Soldiers stand soldiers to soldiers and raise shield above head. ,,How many arrows?'' says Spear.

,,A quivers,'' says Kirra.

A block of soldiers gather blow and form a sixteen block. The block walks slow with small shields above head making a wall of shields. The shield marches to the edge of the wall.

Flare stares. ,,The will shoot arrows and bolts.''

,,Will the reach the top?'' says Minst.

Flare walks to Kirra and the middle chain. ,,They may flight this high.''

,,What will we do when we climb this chain,'' says Minst.

,,The tower,'' says William. 

,,Shake dies,'' says Myst. ''Now you listen to Carlos.''

William exhales and clenches fist. ,,I listen to all I know.'' He steps back and glances at Shake then Myst. ''I care not.'' He looks at each. ''We find our wayout.

,,I still have the disk,'' says Minst.

,,Can we fly?'' says Guile. He rubs his hand agianst the greased huge chain.

,,I can't see,'' says Minst fast. 

Guile snap. ,,After we leave this.'' He breathes deep. ''This place.''

Minst sighs and exhales long. ,,I don't know.''

The soldiers with shield press and spread against the portculis. 

,,Climb,'' says Kirra.

,,I have your caraffe,'' says Minst holds his stuffed pack before Kirra.

Kirra grabs his pack. ,,I hold, climb.'' She grabs the greased chain and climbs wrappin arms around each links and pulls and pushing self up the chain.

,,A rope,'' says William.

,,No,'' says William. ''I have no rope.''

Spear taps Williams shoulder plate. ,,Bundle armor. Pack.'' Spear poinst to self and smiles. ''I take.''

William takes off armor. Flare grabs the chains.

,,Minst,'' says Spear. 

,,Yes.''

Spear pulls the rope from Myst's pack. ,,Climb with Flare.''

Flare lowers and drops from chain. 

Spear bundles Myst's pack, William's armor, his armor and the backpacks.

Minst touches the spine of his books and climbs with Flare.

The dust on the chains slips and sticks to hands. Hands wipe on pants and dust and grease smear on pants. 

,,It won't,'' says Minst.

,,Climb,''  says Flare.

Flare and Minst climb as Kirra climbs up the chain. 

Kirra grips and slides against stone and grease chain. Her bow snages, but she truns and rises into dim dark.

Above sihlouettes of gears, pullies and stell shafts hanging and hooked above. The five large chains riase and twist around a huge spool held overing with a rod. 

A thick musk like breathing dust froze in the air.

To the Wane, two chains hand. The tall ceiling sihloutting to cold darkenss to colc for night sight. A dark blue sihlouetts forms a door and dark blue shades form a hall and a wall.  To the Wax, the same as the Wane is seen. To the Rise, sihlouets of gears and spool for pullies of huge changes darken to a wall of black. 

Cold shivers through Kirra.

Below light shines, and Flare and Minst climb.

Minst long arms and long legs rise slow. Hands are guided and by Flare to places to hold.

,,Up,'' says Flare as the climb up.

William looks up.

,,Go, William,'' says Spear.

William looks at Spear. ,,I can't climb.''

Spear looks at William. He slaps his back. ,,William can climb.'' He winks. ''You climbed here.''

Guile coughs and swats away the dust.

Rot and dust flaot and flow.

The sold below gives a shiver.

Guile touches the grease. ,,I just bathed.''

Spear pulls tight the robe around William's armor. ,,Now you climb.''

Guile takes off his robe of Reighn. ,,May I have some rope?'' He rubs slimy fingers that stink the go numb. ''The chains are...''

,,Slimy,'' ays Spear.

,,I hope not for my funeral.'' william gribs the chain.

Spear looks at Guile. ,,I'll it. Climb.''

Guile climbs.

The chain sways to the top.

Minst and Flare rip and slip over the chain.

Flesh stinks and slimps then numbs. Spots of hands and finger feel nothing. 

Minst slips with the chain rattle, and Flare grabs and they climb one by one to stand by Kirra. Minst kicks free and stands and blinks.

Minst sees the gears, rods, spolls and chains shades of gray  through the vaste room of gears leading to two doors. ,,I can see.''

Kirra peers through the hole and looks past the portcullis top.

Soldiers create a ground of small shields with bows and arrows poking through.

Spear feels spine tense.

Kirra hollers, ,,ARROWS.'' Her voice echoes.

William looks down.

Arrows fly from between shield.

William steps next to the chain.

Two arrows stick the chain below Guile.

,,Climb in the dark,'' says Spear. He pulls on rope and loops it around Guile's robe.

William looks up, grabs chain and climbs. His fingers sting and numb. His arms shake and stomach feels light and tingling. 

Myst says and sings soft, ,,William you will rise above the chain the bind.... William you will climb to the to shine... William you will free you body and your mind...'' She hums and watches William rise.

William's shaking body sooths.

A few more arrows hit the chain and fall to portcullis.

Kirra watches and hollers, ,,SPEAR. ARROWS.''

Spear below nods and picks up four arrow.

One arrow has a broken shaft.

William climbs up the stone hole.

William slips.

William grips wide chain with hips and holds and shakes. His back rubas agains the smooth stone around the chain.

The chain shakes, and Spear drops frope and bundle.

,,William,'' says Spear.

Myst rises her thraot hum and grabs her stare of Reighn. 

William holds tight, looks up and down.

,,Help?'' says Kirra kneeling on knees.

,,No,'' says William. He grips guantlet and climbs up the chain and to the stone, wood and steel. ''I am up.''

A few arrows shoot. Ten hit the chain. One flies through links.

,,Myst,'' says Spear.

Myst nods, hums and whislter and climbs to the top.

Arrows fly, and Spear collect ten more arrows. 

Arrows fall and hit the top of small shields. The shields remain.

Spaer climbs up the chain to the pack.

As Spear climbs, the pack watches and waits and wonders. ,,I can see,'' says Minst as he looks at his hands and wipes the stinking limes over the stone.

,,You have magic eyes,'' says Guile. ''You have magic. Can you fly us from here.''

,,I,'' says Minst. He lifts component bags. ''Not. No. No.'' He looks at guile. ''I can't from here. Not now. Maybe. Maybe some other place.'' He touches the spine of spell book. ''No magic down there. In there.''

Guile nods trying to listen to Minst but hears in mind Shake's mummbling voice like the days of Guile hearing Shake while walking the 30 Rise to Goblins Port. <|Into the keep you will seek and find all that you need. If you feed on the fools story then the scape seen will feel to be real though a myth it will be. Then you will see that you can be free with the portal secure in the tower. And to the tower go to the wane go to the wane. To the tower go to the wane. Into the tower->

,,Guile,'' says Myst. ''Please...''

,,Step back, Guile,'' says Wiliam with a loud voice and a glance. 

The voice in mind fades, and guile steps back. 

Myst climbs to top and Spear rises face.

Volleys of arrows fly... An arrow sticks into the robe of reighn hanging form Spear.

The large bunle hung from Spear's waist sways.

Two more arrows stick

Spear climbs slow and stead using his muslce to squeeze the slime between his flesh and huge iron chain. 

,,Can you shield those arrows?'' says William. 

Minst looks at William. ,,I will try, William.''

,,You have your sight to guide you through the notes of life,'' says Myst with a smile that Minst sees. 

Minst stares below Spear. Minst clicks. A mark of blues strikes his mind then fades. Minst clacks and clicks and makrs appar before. The marks write around scribbles. Minst stamps. The marks fade. Minst sees not weave, or reliefe or marks to appear. No feeling of release or consumption swarms Minst. ,,Magic void.''

,,Or Spear,'' says William.

The pack watches Spear, and Spear climbs.

Kirra and Flare steps around the room.

The look through the doors and peer behind the coggs and spools and chains. Their foot steps spread a slick slime. 

Only darkness is seen. Only the sound of Spear, Guile's mouth breathing and a hollow blow of wind is heard.

Flare and Kirra peer and looks while William watches Spear, peers around the room to try to see the darkness, to Myst and to Spear.

Spear pulls and grabs and squeezed through the top. At the top, he slids and sit with feet hanging over edge.

The bundle lifts and lifts. The bundle wedged between the chain and the stone wall surrounding.

,,Stuck...'' says Spear. ''Here.'' He lifts rope. ''Grab.''

William grabs and slides forward, slips and falls.

The bundle falls. 

Flare steps, falls and slides and gribs rope. 

The rope slides from Flare. Minst reache and falls over William. 

Spear grabs robe. 

The robe bounces, and the bundle sways.

,,There seems...'' William pushes away from Minst. ''It stings.'' He tries to wipe the slime to his hide pants, but the slime spreads.

Guile hears mummbling of Shake like wind blowing over ears. He shivers. He steps and looks down.

Spear holds the robe. ,,Flare,'' he says.

Flare steps and climbs down the chain.

Spear pulls the bundle, and Flare pushes. Flare shits and silde and moves the robe of Reighn to slide through the hole.

The bundle slides over the top.

,,Where do we go now?'' says Minst. 

,,Two doors,'' says Kirra. ''To the Wane and Wax.''

Minst looks, ,,Why not above? And which way?''

The light from the holes illuminates the chains, dust and bits and twinkles through the slime.

William lifts the bundle, and the bundle slips with a crash. ,,WE need to...The slime.''

,,Stings,'' says Guile. ''Smells like metal. Rust.''

Spear stands. ,,WE will slide along.''

,,Which way will we slide along?'' says Minst. He touches the spine of his spell book.

William looks at Minst. He grabs the rope near the end tie of the bundle, pulls and walks toward the Wax door frame and hall. ,,We go this way.''

The pack goes that way to the door and past the chains and gears.

,,And can we have some light Minst?'' says William.

Minst clicks tongue and opens palm. 

A small white dot of light hovers above Minst's palm.

,,Goblin,'' breathes Guile.

Minst smalls.

The light shines.

Black walls suck the light and coat the walls. The walls span to darkness before grears or rods for spools are seen.

A wooden door of chunks and splinters hangs on a hinge. The door way before is open with a width that of Spear and William standing shoulder to shoulders to the path. The path ends as a corner the bends to the Rise continues the path.

,,Reighn bless the light,'' says William as he walks and pulls his bundle into hall. 

The armor slides without soudn behind.

,,William,'' says Spear.

William steps to the corner and the turn of the hall to the rise and looks at Spear.

''With care we walk to the unknown,'' says Spear.

William looks into the darkness. ,,With careless we walk alone.''

,,Light.'' Minst shuffls and slides across slick stone to dry stone. He stumbls and kicks Wiliam bundles. 

William peers at Minst.

''Alone we need light,'' says Minst.

The light shines. The dark and pushes the dark back to an open stone space to the Wax. To the Rise, beyond William, is another short hall the corners to the Wane. Dark green black that spreads from the gear and chain room. The ceiling is lower then Minst when his head is extended above head.

Williams steps with Minst into the openning. 

Kirra follows William and looks to the Rise while the light spreads to the Wax.

A long room wide room. Two row of bunk beds span along the center of the room to a wall near the edge of darkens. Small boxes lay at the head and foot of bunk beds. Flat walls ten steps to the Rise and Set from bunk beds create the room to the Wax. 

Poles and Pilles rise from the floor to the ceiling between the bunk bads. And rods stretch at angle up from Wall to Celing. 

,,Barraks,'' says William.

Kirra walks to the Rises and to the other short hall and turn while the pack steps into the barraks.

Dust scrapes between feet and stone floor then sticky mud then slime.

Kirra steps around the corner with dagger low as the Pack stares at the room.

The pack slowly spreads through the room.

Kirra steps corner with dagger low and sense for a sense to feel a being. She feels nothing and steps to darkess with five chains illuminated with light from holes.

Large cool coggs and spools and rods hang above.

Kirra steps back with the pack.

The pack spreads. toward the bunks and walls. 

The bunkbed are wood with rotted, folded sheets covering. A pile of pillow rot is alighned with bunkbed head and the walls.

The boxes and head and foot of boeds are steel. Two lids open two sections. The boxes near the back are empty. 

William lifts another box.

Guile steps to wall. In Guile's mind, silence becomes a whisper, a mumble of Shake, <|Traps are all place and all days and can be created many ways. Traps are where you least want it sprung. It could be the end of you life sung. Maybe you will be flung far and wide, so you best not let the traps hide...> Shake's words in Guile's minds fade. ,,What about traps?'' says Guile.


Myst smiles. ,,Shake's song plays long.''

Guile looks at Myst. He grabs the jeweled dagger hilt then lets it fall into an inner pocket of the robe of Reigh. He grips the bundle of branching armor. His foot splashes.

Minst looks at Guile and steps.

Minst kneels with Guile, and Minst touchs liquid over floor. He smells. He says, ,,Why is there water here,'' says Minst.

William pulls long sword from sheath.

Guile pulls his back from the pile. 

William lets the rope hooked to greased armor bundle.

Kirra grabs dagger. Spear unlatch warhammer.

The pack peers betweem bunks. Kirra steps quiet and quick along the rows of bunks.

The darkness become a wall of stone with two sets of double doors along a wall spanning from the Rise and Set.

The pack stands silent.

Guile's hands sting. He wipes them on hands.

Minst hands are numb and cool. A piece of his flesh stings.  William's and Spear's flessh feels to burn.

,,Why are we here?'' says Minst.

,,We have no where to go,'' says William.

,,What are we going to do?'' says Minst.

William says, ,,We will put the disk at the top of the tower.''

,,Why,'' Says Minst. He rubs the water between fingers and stares at the wall. The numb washes away for him to feel his flesh. 

William inhales, exhales. ,,Because, Minst.'' William steps and graps naked hand. Naked hand is warm. His face is warm streak. ,,Warm.''

Guile stands and runs to the other side of the room to the other wall. He puts hand in water. The sting sooths on hand but spreads over face and forearms, hands.

The water sooth's Guile's skin.

Guile picks up back. He shivers and pulls Rope of Reighn from body. He puts daggers on ground while unravelling the Branching Armor bundle. He puts on leg in and fumbles.

Myst grabs her stare of Reighn. ,,We should sing forth, but be silent.'' She looks at William. ''To the tower.''

Minst mumbles, ,,Why is the water parrellel with the wall?''

William loud whispers with strict tone, ,,Because some one was marching a pattern with a bucket.''

Minst says, ,,Why would they march in a pattern?''

The talk of Minst is hear clear by Kirra. The sound fills the room.

William says quiet, ,,They are magic beast or minions.''

Kirra doesn't hear William's voice. She steps silent to the double doors.

The doubl door are closed. The dark of the double doors twenty steps radiate deep blue steel cool like the doors before.

KIrra puts hear to the cold steel. She hears a hollow wind. She hears Minst talk.

Minst says, ,,Why is it as cold as outside?'' Minst puts hands into the thin spread of water. His hand cool. ''Why does that cool my hands?''

William's hand burns and mind rages for silence as he tries to set over the dust covered stone. He steps back and says faint enough for Kirra to barely hear.  ,,My armor.''

Guile shakes foot and body in to armor. The arms and legs bunch a bundles around wrists and ankles. Guile picks up Robe of Reighn and covers body. He slides daggers into sheaths in armor that feel to call for the daggers to rest while mouth breathing.

Kirra hears Guile's mouth breathing, but hears nothing through door. She walks the lenght of the hall. 

The stare of Rieghn feels warm and faintly glows. 

Myst's stinking hands cool to feel and touch. She touches the stare of Reigh to face and hum a tune. She whistles soft for the sound waves to vibrate the stare and spread a pitch to spread the stink and vibrate the slime on sking of William and her body. 

,,Armor,'' says Spear. ''Focus.''

Minst says, ,,Is this the best place to put on armor?''

Willaim says strict and quick, ,,With you talking, yes!'' William steps away, clenches his gunlet fist and locks jaw, peers.

,,Why?'' says Minst. The light hovers with Minst as he walks.

The shodows from Minst's dot of light flow and slide casting William in darkness.

William walks to his armor and slips on pieces.

Minst talks out his own answer like talking in a room while walking along the wall and water droplets. ,,It could be from above.'' He looks above. 

Light shines aroun Minst standing in middle of room.

The ceiling is black and flat and appear to be stone. Steel plates spread from under the poles and supports. 

''It could be seemping from the coloumn then drop to the floor and book. Maybe the snow is coming down the pillars and there is a slant that allows the water to drip at the edge. It finds the sloped down. But some water would be on the pillers, so the pillers could be or would be wet...'' Minst steps from the walk path along wall and touches the pillar.

William peers.

KIrra passes Minst and whispers, ,,Silent talk.''

,,Why silent talk?'' says Minst.

Guile washes face in water. He peers at the wall. He hears silence of Minst then a talk in mind of Shake. Shake's voice says to Guile, <|A wall to be. A wall to see. Could it be. A lie of me. It may be. I lie you see. It makes me be...> the talk becomes mumbles.

The shadows caste by the light above Minst's plam shift. The light shines ling pillars and bunks to darkness. 

The mumbles in mind give silence. 

Kirra steps silent to Spear, says, ,,Door closed. Hear nothing.''

Minst says with normal talk as he touches piller. ,,Cold, but not wet. The ceiling not reflecting.'' He lifts light up. The shadows shifta agian. No ice. We can walk through. This is old. Where are he.'' Minst turn walk to Willima.

Light shines on William Spear and Kirra. Breams of light shine and fade around Guile as Minst walks along the wall.

Guile wipes face with weater and over robe and places on coths. He creawl along looking at the wall as he crawls. 

William latches armor with the light and relaxes. ,,Minst,'' he whisper. ''For a shout of Reighn. Stand.''

,,Where could this?' says Minst as he turns to look at Wall.

The light shifts and William is caste in darkness and fumbles hip latch. ,,Minst,'' he says soft.

Spear and kirra hear William. Spear says, ,,We lead.''

,,Go through door,'' says KIrra.

Spear raises hand and open palm. He pints to fingers to eyes.

Minst says loud. ,,Is this real?''

William grabs bundle and walks with steps to Spear and Kirra to Minst.

Spear gives William a stare.

William stares, peers scowls.

Minst's hand lifts and float and turns and moves here and there.

The shodows turn, slide, rise here and there. The shadows then light then shadow then light then shadows caste over William as he walks. ,,Minst,'' says William.

Minst peers at the wall. ,,Is this real?'' He glances at William then away and turns. ''A trap. Is it a sprung trap?'' Minst reaches for wall. ''Is this an illusions over a-''

William grabs Minst's hands. ,,Hold. Light.''

,,Who will check for traps?''

William says, ,,What?''

,,Traps,'' say Minst.

,,We will look,'' says William.

,,What if we don't know what we are to look for?'' says Minst.

William says, ,,Then we die,'' William pushes Minst's stiff arm. ''Hold!'' he says with a loud whisper.

Minst stumbles to wall and falls into the wall.

The light vanishes.

,,William!'' says Myst.

The star of Reighn handing from Myst give a slight glow.

Minst ins in the wall from waste to head.

William steps and uses Myst light to fasten armor.

Spear steps from the peering Kirra. ,,William.''

Kirra step from the room to the room with gears and chains and looks to the ground below.

The soldiers small shield platfrom is spread. Soldeirs hold cones to eyes. Soldiers peer and visor hands against the sun with arrows and bows in hands. Soldiers hold small shields.

A cool breeze glow Kirra away and mind through a forest of trees.

The freeze wind flows no further than the wall. 

Kirra hears Myst says, ,,William, what has Minst done?''

Myst reaches for Minst. Her wall hit the wall. ''Minst.''

Spear stares at Minst.

Minst feels the cold and sees a dark court yard. Minst stands.

His body appears out of the wall. He hold wrist. ,,The wall is an illusions. The water is the melted snow.'' He looks at William. He looks at the other
wall. Minst sees...

Gray stone walls with round corners at the seem for walls. A long and wide window spans the lenght of the wall of the bunchks. Steel rods span from the widnow top and bottom. Hingles and wood peices hang from the top of the window in the stone wall. The gray stone spreasd over the flow and the walls.

,,It's all stone,'' says Minst. 

Guile peers. ,,I feel. I can't see.''

William latches armor. ,,See...The wall. I need light.''

,,What do you see,'' says Guile.

,,Gray stone. The black is gone. There is a window. I large window from end to end of the ling room. It is about as tall as my arm.'' Minst steps to the wall and looks out the window. 

The light stops shining beyond the window.

Minst says as he stares. ,,There is a big court yard. There is a large stone bowl like a fountain. For a fountain. Dirt, greass and weeds grow around snow. There are not bulidings. The keeps it to the set. Connect to the wall. All the stone is the same. The day is bright.''

William fastens armor. 

,,What is this place?'' asks Guile.

Myst grabs Minst hand and stands with Minst.

Minst stands and looks at William and steps near William. He says, ,,The castle...'' He steps from William. He looks at Kirra. ''May I talk loud?''

Spear grunts. Kirra says, ,,They know. They know.'' KIrra steps toward the two sets of iron double doors. 

''The tower was built first by the Westmores.'' He raises shoulder and looks at William. '' The tower was created by the family. Over the years the tower has thought to changed. The keep was built. Then alter the walls were built more to keep the stories of the castle inside then other out. There were many stories in the book about how the workers and the people who enter never leave. There is not death.''

,,Maybe they talk loud?'' says William.

Minst goes silent. Myst grabs his hand and whistles near silence.

Spear puts hand on William's shoulder and pulls William before Myst and Minst.

The pack stands in the room.

Kirra walks from the room and the light.

,,Yes, and if...'' Guile pulls back hood. ''And if you have that slime on hands. I think that slime onhands, skin, face.'' He snorts snot. ''The water cleans the hands.'' He looks at William and force thoughts to focus on William's rage. 

Rage is squeezed in William's guantlet fist.

Spear speaks. ,,KIrra and I forward. Low light.'' Spear loooks at Spear. ''Queits.'' Kneels and rubs water on hands then over body. 

Kirra wipes wet hands over face and arms. 

Their burns and stings sooth.

,,Silent like a theif,'' says Guile as he mouth breathes.

The pack walks with Kirra in the lead. 

,,The glasses of Hern,'' says Minst. ''I have pairs. In...'' He grabs pack.

,,Is the dark magical?'' says William. ''Is the sun shining on the glasses?''

Minst shuffles through pack and grabs three glasses. ,,The magic is dark.'' He looks at William. ''It will not harm. The dark is an alteration. I see dark. I see the windows.'' Minst steps near Guile. ''And illusions. The...William's...The wizard was a ...an illusionist. The illusions. All the illusions. The walls. Carlos. Maybe Carlos is fake. But Carlos knows.''

,,Is all of this an illusions?'' says Spear.

,,Maybe,'' says Minst.

Spear touches the wall. His hand falls through and feels cold. ,,I feel through, but not see.''

,,Go,'' says Kirra.

William nods, grabs and pulls glasses from Minst's grabs and put them on.

Relief lines glow around bed and boxes. The pillard glow still.

Myst grabs the glasses, but doesn't wear the glasses. She hums and goese eye. 

The sound of Myst creates a mental map for Myst to see .

Kirra leads with Spear. She opens on of the iron doors.

A hall spans Rise to Set. Before Kirra and the double doors of steel are two more double doors. The hall lead to stairs spiraling down. Think dust covers walls. Slime coverss wall. 

Kirra waves Spear. Spear waves the pack. William leads. Guile the Minst and Kirra follow.

Flare walk behind.

Kirra presses hear against door.

The sound through the door is hollow and quiet.

,,We need a plan,'' says William.

,,The keep. The tower,'' says, ''Spear.

,,If,'' Minst stops talking and looks at William.

William walks to the spiral stares.

Minst says with a lower voice near a whisper. ,,If the history is correct and engeering. The castle is not connected to the keep. The keep was built first.''

Guile sniffs and soft coughts.

Kirra covers mouth.

The pack quiets.

Down the stairs, Willaim sees stares and dust spinning down stairs.

Kirra opens the door.

A puff of dust blows. Hinges scretch, echo, echo...

Kirra stops.

Kirra lowers hand from mouth.

,,Can I talk?'' says Minst to Spear.

Spear nods and shrugs shoulders.

,,WE go down. The court yard. The keep. The tower.,'' says Minst. ''How can one build a wall into and with a keep that is built?''

Guile pulls hood over head. ,,Dwarve engineers and masons build anything.''

,,Down,'' says Spear.

,,Down,'' says Kirra.

A whisper fo Shake mumbles for Guile. <The trap slaps a clap leaving a flap of skin hanging between the bone gab....> Guile pauses then moves. ,,What about traps,'' says Guile. ''Are we checking for traps?''

Kirra and Spear lead the pack to William. Kirra leads down. She presses bow tip upon each step down.

Guile says, ,,I have mind. I seen Shake many time. Try.''

Kirra steps down stairs. She presses bow agiasnt step to the bottom.

Dusts as shoulders and back scrape the walls.

Guile sneezes.

The pack steps to dust stone.

A hall from rise to set like the one above. At the end of the all is a spirel stone stare case going up through the roof twice as tall and Spear. In the middle of the hall is an iron bound wooden door to the wane and rise. Dust covers the walls. 

The pack walks with Kirra peering for wires. 

Flare clicks and kneels. ,,Traps in a curtain wall.'' 

Shake's voice speaks to Guile's mind. <|Traps everywhere, Traps because no on cares. Traps that will burn your hair.  Traps, traps, traps are everywhere.> 

Guile says, ,,Traps are everywhere.''

Flare clicks.

Kirra puts ear against iron door.

,,Is that to the Wane?'' sasy Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

,,The attack platform us beyond the door. The attack platform leats to the portcullis. 

Kirra pushes on doors.

Doors screech.

,,Hern's Specticals,'' ssy Minst.

William and Minst pull Herns' Specticals from head and covers lenses.

Kirra pushes the single, rushed, iron door. 

The door swings and stops. The hinges creek.

Light shines, and dust blumes through light.

Guile coughs and covers mouth.

,,Arrows,'' says Kirra. She looks at Flare. ''Shield.'' She graps bow and arrow and pulls string.

Flare steps kneels and walks on knees with small shield over head. She walks to half wall of black stacked stone.

Spear walks behind Flare leans frame of stone window.

Sun light shines over between the cross bars of the portcullis. The sound of hammers it steell echoes around. 

The smell of wood smoke feels faint.

Soldiers stand at far side of road. Soldiers stand on balconies. 

White ropes visor hands and peers along road.

No soldiers stand against the wall. 

Spear steps to the edge of long and wide window. He stands and walks along the window looking through the portcullis.

He sees only to mud covered soldiers kneel on the road.

The mud covered soldiers pull on a rope attached to a stake. 

The stake is pulled free then dragged to the edge of a road to a pavillion.

Near the edgoe of sight, before the rooad and row of buildings span to the Wane our fo sight, soldiers pulling strings of pavillion and pounding the pavillion stakes into ground.

The pack steps through the door.

A few soldiers heads turn. 

A soldiers wearring a purple band around the arm clicks and points at the back.

,,What is the purple band?'' says William.

,,Elite army communicator.'' Flare steps along the wall hall. ''One wears a purple band. All other's wear regular soldirs amory. The elite army controls this operation. Elite communicator relays communications from elite army and regular army comander.''

Flare points above the Elite Army Communicator to the balcony above. 

An short hugiblins wearing black elather armor and red chain mail with a scepter in one hand. 

Two beings in black robes stand on the balcony with the commandor and other soldiers.

,,CAn you hear what they're saying?'' says Spear.

,,No,'' says Minst.

,,Were you an elite soldiers?'' says William as he steps behind Flare. He looks at the soldiers. ''Do you have your blue band?''

Minst steps to the windows edge and peerson at rock on the window frame. He leans roward, and is blind. He lneas back and sees. He hits a fist on rock.

Guile steps with William and Flare talk behind Minst, and says, ,,It is a stone veneer.''

Minst looks back nods and stands. 

William steps back.

And Minst step away. He looks at William.

Kirra watches the dark and the soldiers as William and Flare talk.

Myst finds silents.

Then Flare says, ,,I was elite soldier before Blue.'' She looks with out focus. ''Before shaman Spear.''

,,Shaman,'' says William. He steps and walks to the door by Minst withouth looking at Minst. ''The tower.'' He grabs the disk back and walk back thorugh the door.

William walks inside the hall and to the iron door. 

,,We can't leave here,'' says Flare. 

Spear walks from the window through the door with Kirra and Flare.

Minst says near a whisper to Spear. ,,Why the tower?''

Spear looks at Minst and smiles. He lifts an arm and puts it around neck. ,,The tower has been seen burn, in a relief, stories and dreams.''

Flare stares then steps to follow behind Kirra into the room.

William closes the door and puts on glases.

Bright lines create colorful reliefs around the pack, and dim relief lines create a tall room with stairs spiraling through ceiling.

Gray lines create lines around door.

All the rest see the door in black and white or shades of blue and red.

William grabs the door.

Guile coughs and coughs. He chokes out, ,,Dust.'' He sniffs. He coveres mouth.

,,Muffle,'' says William. 

Guile peers at William. 

Spear says, ,,We be quiet for creatures.''

Flare clicks then says, ,,No questions.''

Guile clears throat, ,,Who first?''

,,You,'' says William peering back to Guile. ''You're the trap finder.''

,,I go,'' says Kirra, ''Alone. Open door. Be silent.''

William pulls door.

The door opens creaks and jams. 

Kirra slips between.

Spear grabs the door.

A thunk, pop echo.

The door falls and slams ground.

BOOM is!

Kirra steps and runs near slient from the doors.

Dust flies.

Guile coughs and coughs and coughs.

The Boom and coughs eco through a bunk room like the one above. No water beads near the wall. The walls are covered with a black wall illusion like the veneer seen in the portcullis. Beyond the illusion of the black wall

Kirra leads the pack through the long roon to two sets of double doors. She pushes open a door before the pack arrives.

The door opens with a groan and scrapes growns. The groan echoes hollow like a empty room.

Darkness and walls span through a room twice as tall as Spear and open and deep. The size from wall to wall is half the widnow. Stares and doors appear to the side of
 the walls. 

Kirra leads the pack crouching low and peering for steps in dust and wires.

The doors lead to halls and halls to stairs up and down.

The room ends to an arch and two wide doors      

Lights shines between the edges of door and wall.

Kirra stands. She points to her eyes then William then the light seams shining around door.

Guile covers mouth and coughs.

Spear peers up and down the stairs, sees darkness, nudges Guiles.

The pack walks to Kirra. 

Kirra points to door, nods. 

Hilts and handles of weapons are grasp.

Myst grabs her star of Reight.

Minst touches the spine of book. 

Kirra opens door.

The door opens to light. The open arch steps into a wide hall spanning from Rise to Set. It rises twice as tall as Spear with a width six leaps wide. To the Set, wide steps rise. To the Rise, an arch and bright light and stone buildings, stone walkways and weeds spread through the castle court yeard.

Snow drifts thorugh the hall near the arch door. 

Another arch way shut with double door rise to the Wax.

Guile hears the voice of Shake, <|Up or down or around then what is wanted can be found where you want to go. You don't know if up or down the faith will go to take you to where you want to go.> Guile looks down a stair flight near. ,,What about the stairs?''

,,We are going to the tower,'' says William. He glances at Minst and puts the glasses of hern in Blue Armor. He looks at Minst then steps to the light. 

At the edge of darkenss, through the halls and from the stairs, a deep low moan become a roar. Then the roar becomes roars and shouts, moan. 

Guile fast steps from the hall to the sun and snow. Snow crust crunches beneath feet.

Minst steps back while Myst hum becomes a mummble the tones and a quiet. ,,Rieghn, what it be?''

Kirra, Flare, William and Spear grab and hold and ready weapons. 

Sounds of mumble and muttering surface talk mixes to with click, clacks, moans. 

,,Moans,'' says Kirra. She looks down at the snow.

Trails, driffs and clawed foot prints of many sizes are pressed into the snow. 

,,To the light,'' says Kirra.

The sounds silence, and Myst's mumbles are all that are heard.

The door closed BOOMS and shakes.

A tentical whips from the darkness of the stairs and slams the walls.

,,Move,'' says Kirra. She walks back and pushes back Spear and William.

,,MOVE,'' hollers Flare.
 
Three tenticals swing by Flare's head. A smeill of rot speads.

BOOM is, and the door rattles.

Over snow the pack goes inot the court yards.

Moans and clicks sound through the walks through the door into the court yard.

Four tenticals slide over walls and ceiling. Their black skin and appears to absorb the light. 

Kirra shoot arrow.

Arrow pokes a tentle.

The tentle writtes and slams the wall. A chuck of wall falls. 

The illusion falls. The black smooth walls become gray stone rectangle cubes with round edges. The piles of dust become frozen pebble.

A low maon nearly like a troll spans from the door THUMP!

,,What is that?'' whispers Minst.

,,Beasts roaming dessert,'' says Kirra.

Flare stares. ,,Yes, smells, sounds and looks like the mutated beast of the dessert?''

,,And what are the mutated beasts of the desert,'' says Minst clenching components.

Flare says, ,,I do not know.''

,,Don't like light,'' says Kirra.

William looks at Kirra, ,,Those creatures,''

As if to anser and tentical with a large hand at the end reaches around the cornor of the door and reaches for Flare.

Flare hits it with small shield and swipes it with tentical.

,,What undeath was that,'' says Minst.

William says, ,,The creatures from the dessert that we never killed.''

Minst steps from William and says, ,,Could it be the same creatures?'' Minst sees only dark. ''I am blind says Minst.''

William grabs Minst shoulder and says, step back, flat ground. 

The pack steps a leap from the entrance and stareas in to dark. Kirr alooks behind. ...

William, says, ,,It could be.'' William looks at Minst.

Minst stares to the rise and at the dark as the pack looks around. 

,,No,'' says Kirra. ''I killed one.'' She trun and looks through the ruins of the casstle court yard.

The pack looks around and each speak. 

William says, ,,Minst, how much day do we have left?''

,,One of eight parts of day,'' says Minst, ''What's around?''

The pack looks the directions. 

Minst stumbles. ,,I can create an illusion with details with what I have seen of the court yard.'' He steps back. ''I will walk in my mind.''

,,No need for silences,'' says Flare. ''We have been too loud for stealth.''

William says, ,,I see to the set and walk backward with you. The hall way is dark, and I see no tenticles trying to capture us.''

Flare says, ,,The arch is a semi-circle. Shadows cover the gray wall. The wall blocks rise high above. The walls end with battlements. The battlement embrasures are tall and Spear's chest wide. There is a parapate below the battlements. Long stone windows span under the battlements.''

,,Why is a parapet on the inside,'' says Minst.

William says, ,,They want to defend a breech.''  He stares at the dark as they step back.

,,Or they want to keep creatures inside,'' say Guile. He hold both his daggers.

Spear says, ,,Step rise. See wane and to Set. Snow and wall become wall. All gray. Hammer throw to stone building. Stone buildings and boxes near wane wall. Open snow
.''

,,Near Set,'' says Kirra. says I see, Kiraa sees. ''Keep and tower. Keep above wall. Tower  a birds to high sky. Open court. Nothing. Foot prints through snow.'' 

Spear says, ,,Many foot prints, claws, tail markings.''

Guile muffles a cough, sniffs. He looks at the markings on ground and around the walls. 

Myst says, ,,Around I see a few small stone buildings near and on the walls. An open court yard and then the keep.'' She looks and stop her hum. ''There is a podium in the center of the open field.''

,,My mind map thanks you,'' says Minst, as he sees what he sees.

William looks at the darkness with Flare and Spear until the step through the snow near the center of the court yard. ,,Is there a door into the keep?''

,,What if we enter through the wall?'' says Guile, who holds a cough and sniffs.

Minst turns and walks with the back. 

William's hand falls.

And Minst steps as he hears the breaths, steps and walks of the pack in mind. He sees the images of past with the description of present to walk. He hears most of all Myst's humming.

Myst hums and feels no voice of Reighn of warmth from the stare, but feels the song calm her mind at the darkness. She says, ,,Reighn is not a feeling.''

Flare says, ,,I don't feel Blue. I feel on the calm of Spear.''

,,Minst,'' says William. ''Why is there no magical force?''

Snow cruches then splats. 

Dark slush fill snow crust foot prints. Feces and piss fumes float from foot prints with wiffs of sulfer in rot.

Guile sought, and Minst covers nose. 

Flare says, ,,It is shit and piss.''
 
Kirra says, ,,

,,Are there runes on the walls or marks?'' say Minst. 

The pack steps from the shadows of the wall and into the court yard.

Thin white crust hides pools of black slush and gew. The gew squishes and spans like spit from ground to shoe. 

A thin coating of snow rolls over pumps and a few mouths over the court yard to the keep, the walls and the few long buildings near walls.

Fumes of rot-piss-shit-sulfer wiff and clouds. It feels to part over face.

Guild cough, cages.

William covers nose, ,,Minst, can you run.''

,,Yes,'' says Minst. 

,,Run,'' William swallows bile.

Eyes water and skin feels to sting with fumes.

Guile gags and pukes. 

Their feet slop and pop from ground. 

The packs jogs and pops following Kirra.

Kirra lead to the Wane where the goop and poop and piss is slush.

Myst stop her hum to cover her mouth and nose.  

To the keep, Kirra leads.

The snow splats then crunches. 

Guile gags and pukes. 

William gargs his amr and back and pulls and pushee Guile.

A lower moan echoes.

The keep walls rise near as hight and the tall castle walls. Black block blocks with sharp edges like the illuision covering the exiterior wall. 

All is seen a blur as eyes water and blink and sting.

The steps walk to a blob then a crunch. Crips blue is spilt.

Guile coughs, coughs and cags. 

The pack steps to the keep wall.

The keep wall rises at angle like pyramid wall. It's walls span near the curtian walls of the castle. 

Along the walls of the castle are seen seven door like the one they exited. 

Myst breaths and says, ,,WE are near the keep, Minst.''

Minst inhales and exhales. ,,I can breathe. I can...Are there runes on the walls?''

,,Runes,'' says Spear. 

,,Where's the wall?'' Minst reaches and touches the wall. He feels dents and lines. He traces over.

Guile peers and wall and spits. ,,Their Dwarven Relief Runes,'' says Guile. ''The runes are etech over all bricks I see.'' He coughs and spits and shakes of some chunks of puke. 

While Minst trace hand over relief, William looks along the wall. ,,I see no door along the wall into which to enter.''

,,Illusion or hidden door,'' says Spear. ''Need Shake.''

,,I'll walk the keep wall,'' says William stepping

Minst says aloud, ,,Can you see reliefs on the blocks.''

Guile sniffs, ,,Yes, everywhere.''

Minst says, ,,I don't know the rune.''

Fumes wash over the pack, and a moan bows from the wax.

Long windows in stone wall span and stop along the castle wall. The battlements span long the wall to the keep. 

Flare walks to the Wane. ,,I find door.'' She steps over snow following the tracks with skinny, long claws.

Kirra looks an was the other way.

,,I don't know the runes,'' says Minst. ''Do they look like a sun with an eye in the center with lines below?''

,,Yes, yes,'' says Guile.

,,Are these dwarven?'' says Minst.

Guile clears throat. ,,I am not my father.'' He coughs and swats puke from robe.

He looks at Kirra walking toward the wall.

Kirra holds her swords as she walks the wall draggins sword tip alon the wall. 

Snow is cruch and pushed from the edges of the sun and eye ball reliefs etched into the walls.

She sees then her swords slides into gab about half way between the edges.

A darkness beyond dark is seen by Kirra as she pulls her sword from darkness.

Kirra steps back and whistle.

Flare hears the whistle as she steps to the edge of the keep. She peeps between the wall and the keep to see only shadow darkness and snow.

The wane Sun castes shadow to the RiseWax. 

Flare hears a moan and sees the snow between the walls pummp and spit. 

Kirra says loud, ,,DOOR.''

Spear feels a thrill chill through his spine. He looks above. ,,Feeling warning. Feeling...''

William looks over the top and othe castle wall. ,,I see nothing on the walls.

Flare hallers,  ,,I HEAR MOAN. I SEE SNOW MOVE!'' She slops back to the pack.

William and Spear look at Flare. Spear hollers, ,,WE GO TO KIRRA.''

,,I want to...'' Minst says and presses fingers over the stone.

Guile steps from Minst. ,,They are all over the wall.'' He steps toward Kirra.

The pack follows with Myst grabbing Minst arms.

Myst hums and sings a long tone of William's name long. She tries to hum and hear a voice beynd her body and mind, but only her echo is heard.

The pack walks through snow and muck to Kirra and stand and stare.

The sun lowers closer to the wall. 

Faint fumes of shit, piss and sulfter wiff like a breeze. 

A dark door is before the pack. Only darkness is looking back at the pack. 

They stare. Sweat drips. Guile sniffs. Minst touches spine of spell book.

Minst says, ,,What do you see?'

,,Darkness,'' says Kirra. ''Like black water. No ripple.''

,,I don't see the door,'' says Spear.

,,What do you see,'' says Minst.

,,The keep, Minst,''  says Myst. ''It is the castle.''

Fume of the piss, shit, sulfure scent gag Guile.

Guile steps and coughs and looks before. His feet follow the foot prints of Kirra.

,,If the door be there then shall we enter?'' says William.

Minst says with finger pinched nose, ,,I don't know.''

Spear says, ,,We enter.''

,,How big was the door?'' says Minst.

William looks around at the wall tops and windows and the battle ments. ,,In is better than out as I don't like being out in the open.''

Spear feels the spine chill starring at the wall. ,,What lies beyond the dark give feeling of fear.''

Guile coughs and gags. He steps. ,,Not,'' He clears throat and spits. ''No smell.'' He hears in mind with Shake's voice. <|...Inside you find. Beyond to be. Darkeness you see...>

William steps after Guile. ,,I will go. It is my path that has been choosen. Or it is the faith I have selected. I will therefor enter.'' William steps. ''Where else.''

Flare smiles, ,,I follow.''

Minst and William run with Spear toward Guile.

As Guile steps toward the wall,  the voice of Shake mummbles to speech in Guile's mind, <|In the dark you find that you have lost you mind, and there is no sign to read of where you need to be or what you should be seeing...> The voice of Shake speaks to a scream. <|IN THE DARK YOU GO. BEYOND THERE IS NOTHING TO SHOW!> Then Guile reaches and touches the wall with his bare hand.

Guile disappears.



