,,So we're not in a jail," says Spear.

,,Depends on who you ask," says Shake. He yawns and stands. He pulls the bed pan from under pan and pees.

William rubs his eyes, stretches, ,,How do you know so much about." William yawns, "About Branching if you've never been here before."

,,I'm Carlos the Barded Dwarf," says Carlos. He smiles to the room, looks at William. "If you're still lying to yourself that your bard material then you'd better learn to talk." Carlos yawns and stretches. "Talking is what got you saved."

,,And how's that," says Shake. He shakes-off then ties pants, slides bed pan under bed with foot.

Carlos closes his book and looks from Spear to William. ,,It was near day's light when I had heard of the capture of non membered bandits."

,,Bandits!" exclaim Spear. He lift back and rest back agains the wall.

Carlos looks from William to Spear. ,,You're luck I overhead Thom talking to one of the shadows about a group of bandits following the whinney of some horse that was captured."

Kirra stands. Points to the bottom of the bed. ,,I'm not peeing in that thing after Shake splashed all over.   

,,Hungry," says Spear.

Minst rubs hands together. ,,Can I at least have my spell tome back?" He looks at the picture on the wall. "And what about water to clean up?"

Carlos yawns and points to bed. ,,I was going to sleep."

Everyone stares at Carlos. Carlos stands and lifts arms hight up. He groans. ,,I will intrust the key in to William." Carlos leans back low. He groans. "Please stay in pairs."

,,How do we get back?" says Shake.

,,William," says Carlos. He lifts and stands then leads forward. "The key will show the holder the way."

They stare at Carlos.

Carlos stands. He reaches into beard, pulls out a clip with a ruby at the tip. He tosses the clip at William.

William jerks, reaches, misses clip with ruby tip.

Shake catches the clip with ruby tip. His hand trembles then is still.

,,Still feeling haste," says Carlos.

Shakes jittery puplis focus upon Carlos. Shake smiles. 

Carlos looks at William.

,,I should probably hold that, Shake," says William.

Shake gives ruby tip to William.

,,How do I?" says William.

Carl says, ,,Hold the key with close to skin and touch the painting. The small township by the lake. If you want to be guided here. Hold the key close to flesh and think of the mural." 

Williams graps it in palm. ,,What if we split up?"

Carlos steps to the bed. He pulls the sheets from the top ,,You will remember the branch you came. Or you'll need to talk with a sentry." He removes shash and unbuckles belt. He yawns. 

William looks at the group. ,,We will look for restrooms."  

Carlos takes of pants. His long legged underpants are white. ,,Thins cost money." He grabs a towel. He picks up bedpad with hand and towel and pours pee in bucket with water and Spear's blood. 

,,I have some credit." He looks at William. "It's enough for food. A bath. Maybe a drink or a game, but not too muc" Carlos takes off leather veets. "You were cheap, but not that cheap." He unbuttons a  blue tunic and takes it off  and reveals a thin shirt of small plates of stone. "Once Myst can heal and does." He look at the group. "You can leave."

,,We do we go to heal?" says Myst.

,,Ask a bartender or a sentry. Or around." Carlos shrugs. He climbs in the bare bed. His hairy toes move. He looks at his toes then at the group, ,,I still have my toes." Carlos smiles. 

,,What about you," says Kirra. "What if you need to leave and come back?"

Carlos lifts head and looks at Kirra, ,,I will find William." He winks and lays head on bed. His mouth and clean teeth and lips then settle.

William says, ,,Well," He looks from person to person. "I guess we touch the paint. William touches the painting. A flash is. William disappears. Then a shimmer is.

Shake, Spear, Myst, Minst, Jan, Kirra flash, disappear, shimmer.

Carlos snores.

There is a shimmer then a shine. 

William stands in the room. ,,Where's Spear?"

Carlos snores.

Willaim walks to bed and nudges Carlos's shoulder, ,,Carlos."

Carlos snores.

"CARLOS."

Carlos's snore complete as he opens his eyes. ,,William."

,,Spear," William points to the painting, "Didn't appear."

Calros says, ,,That would make a good lyric."

,,I'm not joking," says William.

Carlos lifts up chest with elbows and bicepts, ,,Neither am I." He looks at the painting. He laughts to self. "Spear is the one place Thom didn't want hiim to be."

,,Where's that?" says William.

,,In the Haven." 

William says, ,,The Haven?"

,,Yes," says Carlos.

,,What is the Haven?"

Carlos lays back. He nods his head side to side. ,,The second place is the contingiant in the case of wild magic, destruction of room, or a barbarian."

,,What do we do?" says William.

Carlos closes eyes, ,,You go. They will come for me. We will get Spear. Meet you." 

,,I will wait," says William.

Carlos stares at William. ,,Get some food. Get those two healed. Get out of here as quick as you can." Carlos stares at William. "I will get spear. I will get Spear back here." He nods then lays back.

William nods and touch picture.

There is a flash then a shimmer. 

William appears in the Tapestry Hall. 

Kirra, Jan, Shake, Minst and Myst stand and sit against wall. 

Two people appear by William.

The look at William and walk by the group and into the dark halls.

,,Where's Spear," says Myst.

Kirra walks to William. ,,What happened?"

William steps out of the path of four black clad beings. ,,Carlos said Spear's at the place he told us about before."

,,The contingint failure?" says Jan.

William looks at Jan, nods. ,,Yes, that place."

,,He's lying," says Shake pulls out his knife, "Lets cut his beard off."

,,No," says William, "I don't feel he is."

,,Barbarians are resistent to magic," says Minst.

,,We can't leave Spear to the fates," says Myst.

,,We will leave him to Carlos," says William.

Shake steps close to William. ,,The dwarf can't be trusted."

William snaps, ,,WELL, We have to be!" Face flares red. His eyes peer away Shake.

Shake nods head. 

A pair of humand silently pass whipering and staring at William. 

William looks at Kirra, Jan Minst, Myst and Shake saying, ,,We need to heal the two before we can leave."

,,I didn't stab anyone in the foot?" says Spake raising an arm.

,,Doesn't matter," says William.

Shake says, ,,Yes-"

,,No," William says. "We find the two men. We give time for Myst to heal. We find Spear. We find Buckey. We leave."

Kirra and Jan nods. Myst smiles and nods and mummbles talk with Reign. Minst nods. Shake shakes head, folds arm and taps foot, says, ,,How are we to find these two wounded souls?"

William looks back long tapestry hall into darkness the forward into tapestry all then to darkenss. ,,Carlos said to ask aaround." 

,,Bards," says Shake. 

,,You're that one that want to be a bard," says William.

Shades appear at the edge of darkness of the small light sphere's. The shades part and meld with the darkness. 

Myst walk along the hall to the darkness.

William follows, and behind William, Jan and Minst follow.   

A hafling, a dwarf and a human flash into room behind the group and walk the other way from the hall.

William leads the group from the tapestry hall over an oak teleports junctions then right along hall covered floor to ceiling with black cotton blankets. The small glowing spheres shin and dim with their passing. They walk over a few oak tranfer points. The walk through the halls.

Kirra looks back.

Shakes appear and disppear in the darkenss behind. 

They walk. The step over another oak teleport junction.

William stops. ,,We didn't walk this far to get to the room."

Jan shakes head. ,,No," say Kirra. She walks away from the group,

,,Too much magic for me to see away," says Minst.

Myst sighs, ,,Reign says I need to find my own path if she is to heal."

Kirra steps from the light of the group to the appearing and fading shades. She peers and sees shapes of outlines or arms and legs and hands, ,,We need help." She says.  

The shades fade to and from definition.

,,Kirra," says Jan's soft voice.

Kirra stops. She looks down.

An oak teleport is before her. 

Kirra walks back to the group.

,,I believe if we both think of the same place we could be brough there," says William.

,,We should wait for some one to pass through," says Minst.

Shake trembles head then hand. He stratches back of neck rubs hand over head.   

,,Wait, Shake," says William.

Shake walks past Kirra and fades with the shades of the shadows.

"TO THE HELLS," says William.

Myst looks at William with eyes wide. Minst lifts arms to side, shrugs.

Myst grabs Williams hand. ,,We will think about the room we met Carlos and step through."

Minst nods. Kirra and Jan look at each other and nod. 

They walk in a tight group. They walk the hall. The light dim behind and illuminate before. The oak floor is. They step upon it.

Myst and William step to double doors.

Minst and Jan and Kirra step to double doors.

The open double doors.

Myst and William step in to a large room with a trail of blood from door to couch.

Minst and Jan and Kirra step to a long wide hall with a bar bisecting. 



