,,Guile vanished into the keep,'' says Minst.

The pack stands near the wall of the keep in the castle court yard.

Guile's foot prints fill with black slurp. 

,,GUILE!'' hollers William. ''GUILE.''

William's voice echoes through the walls.

Guile hears William, blinks and looks back from black to light. He reasches and arm disappears. 

Guile steps back and falls...

,,We go,'' says William. That's the entrance.''

,,Yes.'' says Spear.

Kirra stares and steps and reaches for wall.

,,Kirra,'' William reaches for Kirra.

Kirr touches the darkness with short sword and hand.

William touch light space and sunshine. He looks back and steps.

Willliam flashes. 

Myst sees light glimmer and sparkle. She stops her hum and steps.

Myst disappears.

Flare and Spear stand. 

Minst smiles. ,,Where do I step Spear?''

,,Forward,'' says Spear as he steps forward and disappears.

Minst steps, says, ,,See you on the other...''

Minst disspaears.

Flares stands. She stares at the door. She says, ,,This is not intelligent. It is not wise. It is a magical trap.'' She steps into hte dark.

Kirra sees a hall of deep to dark to light blues. The corners of the wall are black lines that lead to door.

William steps into dark. He puts on his Hern's glasses and sees the relief of a hall and a door. William sees Kirra.

Kirra steps by William and nods and sees hall. ,,Guile?''

William steps a step from Kirra.

Myst appears and sees nothing then sends a near silint yum the see with sound Kirra and William and the walls and door. She steps, says, ,,Where's Minst?''

Minst appears. He sees in shades of gray the hall, the door and William, Kirra and Myst. ''Where's Guile?'' 

,,Not in this hall,'' says William. ''Where's Spear?''

Minst steps and looks back. ,,Flare and Spear were behind.''

They look around. 

Then Flare appears with small shield forward and short sword back. She sees the pack, says, ,,Where's Shaman?''

Willian looks at Flare. ,,Spear is not here.''

Flare looks back and tried to step back. ,,Shaman step first,'' Her face and sword enter dark.

Minst says, ,,STOP, Flare.''

Flare sees darknes and feels cold. Her skin freezes.

Flare stands in place and doesn't move.

Kirra steps grabs Flare and pulls.

Flare falls. Flare says, ,,This is a magical trap.''

,,That is a magical trap?'' says Minst.

William steps with long swords lifted before Flare, ,,Where's Separ?''

Minst steps before William and looks. ,,It's magical. We where transported.''

Williams steps against Minst. The bump chests.

Minst stammers, ''We were transported. Spear. Spear is resistant to the weave.'' They stare. ''He could be anywhere.''

William ppers at Minst then glances at Flare as he steps away and to the door at the end of the hall. ''And Guile? Where's Guile?''

Guile is below the pack sliding dow a steep shoot. Guile hits and rolls over stone ground and rubble. His heart dagger falls from hand, cuts his stomach and rolls away. 

Dim grays and blacks surround. Rubbish spread over ground. Dust plooms.

Guile coughs and coughs and cags. Salive drips from mouth.

Bones, cloths and goopy mouths of rot cover floor. Rib cages, leg bones and arm bones wrapped in blan 

Guile wipes hand on rope, puts hand on stomack and feels droplets of bloods. He coughs and covers mouth, blocks the fumes of rot. 

Dark grays and black become a shade light. 

Bodies lay spread over floor.

Guile stands. Pain spikes through ankle to body. 

A heart beat that thumbs and echo to Guile's pounds.

Guile peers around the bodies. 

Walls are seen Walls rise high with a steep slide parting the wall. Depth of darkness creates a wall. Guile steps toward the shoot and heart beat.

Guile coughs then spits.

A light flash slides the shoot. 

Guile steps backs and trips over rip cage.

Bones crush and dust puffs.

Spear slams the ground with a thump.

Spear lays, and breathe.

Guile coughs and coughs and coughs.

,,Guile,'' says  Spear.

Guile stands with Spear. He spits and says, ,,Spear.'' 

Spear says, ,,Where's the rest of the pack?''

The rest of the pack stands in a hall to a door.

,,A trap?'' says Kirra.

William walks the all and looks down.

Flare walks to the door. ,,It's magical. The shaman broke the magic.''

Minst grabs a components and sqeezes feeling the soft spash of flower peddles. A weave like scent floats from Minst's fingers hand. 

The magic scent spreads then looks to blow away. 

The scent smells from the black and darkness at the other end of the hall.

Minst says, ,,I can see on the black and the darkness as magic.''

Kirra peers at the dark and the floor and hits it with hilt. ,,No seam. No hollow echo.''

,,The door,'' says Flare.

,,Open it,'' says William. 

The flat steel door is as tall as Minst, as wide as Spear. The steel door is fitted tight agains the stone block wall. Moroter flakes and floats as Kirra rubs the cracks. 

Flare pushes on steel door. 

The door doesn't move. 

Flare looks around edge. ,,No hinges.''

William pushes foot against bottom of door. ,,Feels real to me.'' 

Flare says, ,,This is a magical trap. I feel it. I know. I may see a hall and a door, but like that dwarf and the castle walls, this is illusion. This is.''

William nudges Flare as side and pushes shoulder against door. ,,Is blue feeling you this.''

The door doesn't move.

Minst says, ,,I can not detect magic, but it can still be magic. Except the dark over there. Which is magic of the planes. Illusion. The stories of the keep were never defined for the inside. The only note was that those who entered never returned. The workers, the theifs, the mysteroius robbed folloers of a wizard sect. This is quiet possibly a magic trap, but I can't spring the trap if it is a trap.'' Minst steps and looks into dark. ''How do we get through the door?''
ve,'' says Minst. She raise mace. ''It will sing.'' She swings her mace, and mace hits door.

Door dongs and vibrates and shakes a short swing away from wall. The door shakes a finger nail tips length from wall.

The dong of the door is deep an low and lasting.

The dong of the door is not heard by Spear and Guile.

Spear and Guile stand on cement ground, in darkness, with decayed bodies and piles through the dark.

Guile sneezes. ,,We tripped a trap,'' says Guiles with a spit and sneeze.

Guile looks up and around and sees rot bodies, piles of cloths, rusted swords and shields. Pick axes, schoves, rods, spikes, nail lay with bones and bodies.

Dust and dew fume.

,,Smell old,'' says Spear. He picks up his warhammer and steps and shifts through bodies. ''Dead.''

Guile looks up.

Darkness through darkness dims before a wall of darkness.

Spear crips war hamar and shifts the Rose Warrior armor knocked loose from shoulder. ,,See only dark.''

,,Need light,'' says Guile swallowing a cough.

Spear steps. ,,Walk and looks.''

Guild limps with Spear and coughs as the look at the bones and bodeies like bags of bones.

William and the pack doesn't hear Guile's cough. They hear the dong of the door then silence.

,,I like its song,'' says William after the door dong vibrates silence.

The door opens slow and slow. The force against the pull strains William's arm.

The door slides a finger width from wall toward the pack.

William reaches with guantlet fingers and grips with finger tips, pulls.

The door slides.

Willlam's body stain and muscles flex. 

A sharp cut pain spread through shoulders. 

The door opens. Darkness is beyond.

Kirra and William move the door.

Flare steps through.

Through their sight, the pack sees, a grand room with  stairs leading to a balcony. Shadows of vision hide the image of the tapestries hanging above the balcony and above the doors to the Wax and the Wane. To the Rise two hall span from the side of the stairs in the center wihile the stairs rise to the railing and two sets of doub
le doors. 

Two hall sihlouettes appear to darken the shade of the darksights. 

Minst touches the spine of spell book. ,,Is the balconey to the Rise?''

The pack stands and stares and looks.

William says, ,,It is for our direction. It will be until we enter the tower.''

Flare steps and peers. ,,We see direction. We believe the illusion.'' She sees only to the top of stairs. ''YOu see, Minst?''

,,Yes,'' says Flare. She steps to darkness and door to the Wax. 

Her boot clomp from a rug to a stone floor.

Minst clicks, and a small point of light shine from his palm. 

William cover Hern's glasses.

Light shines over gray stone slaps as wide an long and the stones of the wall seen under the illsion. The illumnates the stone of the steps and the rail. 

The tapestry showers a tower with beings of black spread around with arms raise to its top. By the tapestryes are two portartes. 

Long banners of white and blue hang over the halls and doors. 

Two suits of silver shining full plate arm stand at the edges of the bottom of staircase.

High above, hangs a torch chandeler.

Minst rise his palm above head. ,,Six door ways and two halls,'' says Minst.

The light illumnates the room like a torch.

Spear and Guile see no torch light. Spear and Guile see dark. They see shades of dark grays.


Spear and Guile step silent between the dry rot bodies adn through dust. They walk from walll to wall. They look and peer at the bodies trying to see what object lay below.

Between and on the scratterd and piled skeletons, Guile and Spear see many things. They see backs with rope, hock, fishing line, torces, rusted picks, strong hemb rope, sacks of root weed; lanterns; maps; compasses; pole amrs; staves; swords; shields and leather hides and steel armor; broken jars and vials; empty bottles.        

The walk the four walls through the darkness.

Guile cause and limbs to a stop. ,,Light.'' He spits. ''We need light.''

,,Fire.'' Spear looks into the dark. ''Walk to the center.''

Guile nods.

They walk and seach the pack for tools to create light.

The other part of the pack has light shinning from Minst raised palm to see the sight.

,,Where do we go?'' says Minst.

William steps toward the stairs. He says, ,,I feel we should climb the stairs and seach-''

Flare speaks before William completes words. ,,We go center.'' Flare steps to the starea. ''We step stairs. Tower rises from center.'' She steps on bottom step and up. ''Unless magic trap.''

Minst and Kirra step with Flare. Minst says, ,,,,Will it trigger the two suits of armor as a trap?'' says Minst.

Flare steps between the full plate armor statues and up the stairs. ,,No.''

William stands and looks to the Wax and Wane doors then walks the stairs following Flare.

Flare leads to the stop of the stone stairs and to the double doors below the tapestry and to the Rise. She points to point sets and says, ,,You choose which illusion door to open.''

William sighs and was from the stair tops and along the rail stone rail.

Dust falls. Cobwebs flutter between rails. 

William leans forarms on rail and looks to the floor below.

Minst poinst to one set of double doors. ,,We enter there.'' He steps. ''I will.'' He grabs the door and opens.

Flare clicks.

Minst steps in and stares.

Light castes from minst palm.

A large room span as far as the light shines. Bleaches seats rise from a center rectangle pit. The pit is as wide and long spaning to darknes. Lines and markings like the goblin goblins scratch cover the stone floor. Table and chairs are clutter over the floor. 

Flare steps past Minst and lead walks down the steps and between in the bleachers. 

Dust and cobwebs span and spread. No foot prints or bodies are seen. 

Minst follow Flare and the light spreads thorugh the large room and from the balcony and from William.

William sees on last glance below and sees the podiums at the side of stairs empty.

Kirra look at William.

Myst says, ,,William.''

William pushes from the railling. ,,The suits of armor are gone.'' He grips sword.

Kirra steps to William.

Myst says, ,,Minst. The light. Here.'' She steps from the large room to the balcony

Minst steps through the double doors to the balcony.

Darkness castes over Flare, and light illuminates william and the stares.

Kirra steps next to William. ,,No armor.''

,,What need you see,'' says Minst.

Myst steps and looks at William.

William steps and looks round the balcony and the floor below.  He says loud, ,,The suits of full plate armor at the sides of the stairs are missing from their podiums.''

Flare hears and says loud, ,,NO ARMOR WALKS HERE.'' She step to the dark and to th eother end of the room. A throne and rotted pillows surround the throne. Flare steps to the throne. 

A squeak and urch are heard by Flare.

A shadow steps from darkenss an becomes a hue of dark gray against black through Flare's dark sight. 

A full plate armor reaches and swings long sword at Flare.

Flare says, ,,AMROR IS HERE!''

...Armor is before Spear and Guile, but not swinging a sword.

Armor is on the ground before Spear and Guile

Guile and Spear stand by a dust covered pile of bones and bronze armor. A sack as large as a head lays near a broken lantern. Guile knees with a grunt and groan. He pokes it.

Spear grabs it and opens the top. He grabs broke vials and torn paper. He grabs a flask and shakes.

Liquid sloshes inside. 

Spear unscrews lid. 

,,How long we been walking through the center?'' says Guile. He caught and grabs a small component pack like the ones minst have. ''All these riches.

,,We walk through a short sprint.'' Spear sniffs. ''Oil.'' He closes flask. 

Guile says, ,,Flint and steal.''

,,Kirra,'' says Spear.

Spear and Guile walk through the darkness and see with darksight highlights look for torch wood, cloth and flint and steel. They poke, dump, sort and step slow.

Kirra runs through door to large room, past bleachers, fires arrow at armor and pulls short sword.

Kirra is by the throne and the bleechers.

Arrow hits armor, breaks, falls.

Armor swings at Flare.

Flare parries and steps back.

Armor swings at Flare.

Flare hits aside blade with small shield and swings at side of armor hitting armor.

,,WILLIAM!'' hollers Kirra as she leaps at the armor swinging at Flare.

William steps to open double door and sees.

Full plate armor sprints silent from the dark of the hall from the Wane hall along the balcony. Its medium shield and long sword raise. 

Minst stands between William and the sprinting silent armor.

,,MINST!'' hollers William as he swings his guantlet covered fist.

A fist flies as William complete swing.

The fist passes by Minst head and slams the head to the full plate armored warrior.

''MOVE MINST!'' hollers William.

The headless sprinting armor rushes toward William...

Before Kirra and Flare hear William shout, Kirra and Flare flight another armored being.

 Kirra feels metal slam her body as she slams the armored warrior in the large room and by the beachers.

The armor and Kirra crash to the ground and into seats around the throne. 

Kirra rolls away with a chair and swing it down the the animated armor.

The animated armor swings arm and smashes chair.

Flare's short sword strikes the animated armor arm.

The animated armor's guangtle flies and lays life less.

Then Kirra and Flare hear William shout, ,,MOVE MINST!'' 

William and the sprinting animated armor collide. Two armors collide and clash and a clutter...

...It is silent around Spear and Guile.

Spear and Guile hear only their breathes and heart beats and they peer and step over bodies.

Then there is a clash as sacks, packs and sludge and dust fall from pack to ground.

Spear's foot shift the junk around.

An open cast with a thing block and a few bundles of twigs and frayed rope.

Spear grabs block, twgis and rope. He rubs block. ,,Flint.''

Guile sees a rod as long as an arm. He picks it up. ,,This a torch.''

,,Cloth,'' says Spear as he kicks clear space over ground. ''I strike fire.''

He pulls broad sword from sheath and lays on ground.

Sword lays with blade vertical.

Spear kneels letting sword hilt slide between legs. He

Guile grabs cloth of pack and stakes loose arm bone then rips the shirt in strands. Fumbling the rod, Guile wraps the rod wit the cloth. Guile smiles and holds the torch to Spear.

Spear says, ,,Good. More cloth. More coth to burn.''

Guile nods and tears more cloth.

Spear takes torce, pours a little liquid from the flask on the cloth. He holds the torch end near sword and stikes flint so sword.

The flint clinks and clinks and clicks...

...Kirra bangs her wooden table leg BANG BANG BANG on animage armor in a large room between a thorne and bleechers by a gaming pit.

The animated armor kicks Kirra and punches her jaw.

Spit and blood fly from Kirra's jaw.

Flare hits with short sword the armor of amor until it fall and until the armor slams

Kirra hits the chest and knocking shoulder piece through the air against the wall. Kirra sees Myst at edge of sight.

With mace in one hand, and ohter hand holds drum as Myst runs. 

Myst runs on bleechers and hums to a shout. She strikes the foot of the animated armor and the animated armor foot flies off.

Minst hears Myst sing to a shout and search through is component bag while he holds the light above and and looks at William. He tries to focus on sack with a stare,but glances at William, his bag, William, hig bag as his hands fumble to find, ,,Bat, bat, bat, bat, bat,'' says Minst over and over as he steps back and looks at William. ''What?'' He looks around for a rod or candle stick.

William hears Myst sing to a shout. Then he hears a ring and a guantlet punches his side of head and hear. 

An Armored knee hits Wiliam's knee. 

William drops his sword and punches guantlet fist on the check of the armor...

...Below William's sword and the back, Spear strikes flint on his bastarard sword.

A spark.

The torch cloth ingnites, flares, burn.

Spear lifts the torch to Guile.

Guile grabs the torch and lifts the light.

While Spear stands and sheathes bastard sword, the torch light flickers around.

The torch light illumnates dusk, bones wrappen in rotted cloth and rusted armor. Shield, swords and club spread over spacess and spots. Piles of bone lay here and there. Back bundles of paper, bottles and wraps cutter bones.

Dust floats through the light.

The light shines on Guile and Spear.

,,How's your chest,'' says Guile.

Spear looks at his chest.

Guile says, ,,Pain looks over chest.''

Spear says, ,,Hunger more pain.''

Guile's stomach bubbles. ,,Food.'' He swallows. ''Water.''

A black circle the size of a human head circles center of chest. Jagged black lines spread from cicle to stomach and shoulders.

Spear wipes chest, and soot smears over his chest. A slight soft dum pain fades before felt.

Guile says, ,,Magic don't like you.''

Spear nods and smiles.

Guile lifts the torch and the walk into the light over the skelton bodies with flame light lead the path...

...The flame light is not seen by William.

William sees light and shadow blink dark.

A guantlet fist slams stomach.

William rolls to back.

A headless suit of animated full plate armor raises to arms to punch.

William is stands and stumbles back and hits Minst.

Minst steps and looks up and drops component back. He pulls knife from sheeth and clicks and snaps as a guantlet hand swings at his arm.

The guantlet hand strikes Minst.

And Minst falls to ground.

The animated armor rolls to side. Loud scratchs and pops of armor joints scratch minds.

Through the door from the balcony into the game room and buy the through the sounds are armor pounds.

Flare slams, slams, slams, slams sword short sword at arm of animated armor kicking and punching on back.

Kirra rolls and oulls from the amrmors clasps feeling hair pull from head, feeling a back hand guantlet smack skull, feeling to roll to legs and grab a broken let of chair and slam, slam, slam, slam the armor like Myst playing the drums.

The armor pounds a beat that kicks back and punches forth.

Myst hears the armor drums and pounds on her drum...

...Spear and Guile hear Myst's drums.

Guile lifts torch. ,,The sound comes from above.''

,,Near,'' says Spear. ''Need look above.''

Spear grabs the torch. Spear cocks arm back.

Guile says, ,,Wait.''

Spear tosses the torch like an arch inot the dark above.

The torch flies a hiigh arch illuminating long dark annd the rod as it falls.

Guile steps and shuffles and jog over bones and bags. 

Dust flies and clouds.

Guile coughs and says between gags, ,,Dry. Fire. Spread.''

Spear hears and watches the torch sit a ciclar wall then fall to the ground. Spear steps and runs to the torch falltorch falling...

...Myst's drum beats set a running pace.

The drum pounds beat. 

The animated armor bangs and shakes, vibrates scrabes.

Flare and Kirra hit the amror with the pounds. KIrra's face swells and eye shust and bloody lip dries.

The armor kicks flares crotch. 

Flare stumbles with the cracking pain while swinging with Myst's beat.

The beat travels through the large game room and the door and over the balcony and William, Minst and animated armor. The beat strikes the animated armor.

The animated armor strikes Minst foot with guantlet fist.

Minst feels a crack and steps and falls back to the ground. His components scatter over ground.

The armor vibrates.

Wiliam pounds and pounds with the beat of Myst the amrmor. 

A guantle of animated amrom strikes William's shoulder.

Pain cuts Williams Shoulder, but William pounds and pounds with Myst's drum pounds.

The armor shakes apart around William with a clash as William bangs one last pounds.

The pounds of Myst drums pound as the animated armors soldiers lay in armor pieces.

The pouds of Myst drums pouds to Spear and Guile...

...Spear and Guile run for flame burning against a wall. Guile limps and trips and nearly flips and he stumbles over bone and pack puffing dust. Spear strides ride with feet crushing bone and bags.

Spear runs to the torche flame.

The torch flame smokes and spreads. Light expands and grows. 

Spear steps to the fire, grabs a blanket and whips the blanket wrap at the fire. He beats and slaps the fire to smoke and smoldering ash. He pulls the torch and the rag.

A small flame dances around the torches tip. 

Spear coughs and stomps.

Guile hobbles and walks to the wall and smoke.  He holds the torn sheet for the torch. He pulls robe of reign open, spits.

Spear laughs. he points to Guile's ankle. ,,A brace.''

Spear touch the all and aims tip of the toche at the wall. 

Guile looks around. at the embers smoldier in the smoke rising.

The torch light stretches. Shadow curve around the wall.

,,Wall curves,'' says Guile. He sniffs. ''Maybe lead to food of that drum?''

Spear steps along the wall. ,,Maybe this will laed to food?''

Guile coughs and laughs. 

The walk from the smoke as the smoke rises.

Smoke rises...

...Minst sniffs smoke and sneezes. Minst kicks across the stone floor way from a pille of armor.

William rolls to back from the pile of armor and breathes. Side of his chest pumps pain with heart beat.

Willam smells smoke, says, ,,Is there a fire?'' He rolls to side and kicks an stumble to jog from the balcony and into the double doors to the game room. 

No smoke smell is inhales. What is seen takes the sense of William as William sees a pile of armor.

Kirra sit on bleachers and touches face. 

Flare sit on thorne and breathes.

Myst sit by pile of amror and taps her drum.

,,Smoke,'' says William. 

Kirra snifs. She looks through he rswollen face and nods. 

,,A hearth?'' says William. He looks through door and at Minst.

Minst pick components from ground and puts them in a pack. 

Component packets lay under armor, over floor and smashed under his knee.

,,MINST,'' says William.

,,I,'' he pick packets. ''I need to get my. My...I need to..''

The light spaning from Minst palm dances shadows over walls.

Wiliam sighs and walk from door to the floor and picks up components with Minst.

,,Where Wiliam walk?'' says Flare.

Kirra spits blood and looks at the armor.

,,To beat Minst,'' says Myst. She stands and steps through chairs and arm and along the bleacher seats.

Flare watches Myst walk away and says, ,,It is illusion.''

Kirra spits blood and peers throough swollen face at Flare. She stands and grabs a guiver and bow on ground while kicking apart pieces of the armor.

Flare stands and kicks the helm into the gaming pit, ,,It is illusion,'' and follows Kirra.

The pack meets Minst and William pickup components and smelling smoke.

,,Smoke.'' Kirra sniffs. ''Not wood. Not fad.''

,,Stinks,'' says Minst.

,,Where do we go, William,'' says Minst as he puts last of components in to bag.

William points to the hall to the Wax. William stands, steps and walks.

The rest of the pack follow. 

William leads the pack from the Wax of the balconey...

..Spear leads guile around around wall.

They step over bones and bows, broken bottle. The wall cuurves sharp.

Spear steps slow and holds the torch flame near the wall.

Step by step they go then shadow lines flash and fade over the all.

,,Door?'' says Spear.

,,How far the walk?'' Guile looks at the wall.

,,No smolder fire,'' says Spear.

Guile smiles and nods. He peers. ,,A door.''

Spear moves the flame back and forth.

A thins shadow line appears and dispears as the flame is moved.

Guile peers, ,,No hinges. It is flat.''

Spear pushes.

The stone pushes in...

...The stone spread below the other park. Stone wall rise around stone arch ways and iron bound wooden doors.

William leads the pack from the Wax of the balconey.

The hall leads to guest rooms,  a closet armory the ends into a hall to the Rise and a door to a library. 

The pack spread over the library. They push books from shelve, open and dump draws and stab seats. Through another door the leave that leads to a room with gaming equipment then to the gaining room as the way to the Wane side. 

On the wane side of the second level the find a room with bed, chains, wipes and ties. 

The leave to see spiral stone stairs down then walk into am ordimate door. 
 
The door opens to a  large room. Draps an curtains hand from the walls. Tapestries and portraits faded hand loose and limp from wall and ceiling. Around a roound beda translucent curtain hands. 

The pack steps inside.

Minst says, ,,Is it the master's bed room?''

,,Spear and Guile are down,'' says William. ''If a trap got them then a down.'' He steps along the room to doors.

Flare clicks and snap and walks along the room to two wood doors with reliefs of clouds and angles. ,,Illusions.''

Minst says, ,,Where's the tower?''

William looks up.

A vaulted ceiling with faded and chipped mural of rainbow over a pond and trees. 

Wiliam says, ,,The ceiling's higher. But Spear and Guile are down. He steps through double doors and to the balcony. He glancea as the scattered armor.

Minst, Myst, Kirra and Flare stand in the large room.

,,Down,'' says Kirra. She steps after William as William leaves the room. 

Flare stands by doors and lets Kirra pass and says, ,,It is illusion.'' She steps with Kirra.

Minst and Myst stand.

,,Should we go?'' say Minst. He touches the spin of his spell book and touches the components on his belt. 

Myst steps. She taps drums with a pound. ,,We follow the echo.'' She walk and Myst follows. She pounds her drum. ''Hear.''

Minst whispers, ,,Shouldn't we be queit?''

Flare stand and looks back through the room.

Minst pounds her drum...

Her drum pound pounds through the dark.

The drum pounds.

...Spear and Guile stand in bones and cloths by curved wall illuminated with flame light.

A square a finger taller than Guile.

Guile steps and peers at the slap.

The torch light shine into the dark around the edges of the stone square door. Small bars and rods span from the door to the wall.

Guile points to the other side of the square block. ,,A door.''

Spear pushes on the center.

Guile pooints to the other end with out the rod. ,,Door swings.''

Spear pushes edge, and the stone slap swings slowly open.

The door swing silent and slow. 

The torch light shines into a ston florr and darknes. The wall inside slowly curveswith the wall on the outside.

,,It is the tower base,'' says Guile. He stifs and claps his hands. 

Spear sticks the torch inside and steps into th room. 

A round of flame lights illuminates smooth black stone walls. No dust or cobwebs spread over walls and floors. 

Spear steps echo with Guile's cough as Guile says, ,,Should we go in.''

Spear rubs the surface of the walls. ,,No seams. No dust.'' Spear shouts. 

Spear's shout echose to whispers and silence. ,,Tower.''

Guile steps in. ,,They could be here. Could be here?''          

Spear walks with torch light along the inside of a curve wall. We along until door.

Guild and Spear walk and walk and walk and walk and walk to stone stares carved  into the side of the stone walls.

Spear and Guile walks and stand before the stairs. 

Guile sniffs and grabs the torch base and lowers it to the stairs. 

The light shines over the stars and walls.

Guile rubs his hands over stairs and walls. 

The stairs and walls are smooth.

,,Stares and wall have no seams.'' Guile scratches finger nail between the stair and walls. ''No seam. No dust.'' He let goes of torch and sits. ''Where are we?''

,,In the stairs,'' says Spear.

Guile stands, ,,Where is William?''

Then they hear a faint boom.

Spear says, ,,Myst's drum.'' He steps on stairs.

The boom booms and booms.

,,Up,'' says Spear.

Guile steps through the darkness. ,,Sound vibrates from door.''

Spear stands and lowers flame to see Guile's face.

Gulie looks at Spear. ,,I hear the hammars in the mind. i hear the anvils.''

Shakes jumps from stairs. ,,Sounds from door.''

Myst's drum pounds sounds.

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

,,Go,'' says Spear he walks fast while Guile limb along toward the booms...

The drum hits thump and boom.

...Myst pounds drums as she walks the steps of stairs.

The drum pounds echo beyond the walls.

Myst feels the stall of time as the sounds spans the hall. She pounds drums down the stairs and along a thing hall.

Flare stand in hall and glares at Myst. 

Myst says between pounds. ,,The sounds has not echo.'' And she pounds and stops.

,,Where is the echo,'' says Minst.

Flare clicks and steps and follows the path of William.

William leads through the halls past soldiers, storage, a kitchen. He and Kirra stand in the kitchen when they hear the drums.

William clenches guantlet fist. ,,Drums.''

Kirra looks about the room seeing the shades of blue and black create a wide and long kitchen. 

A hearth spans in the corner to the SetWane. It's base and pot covered with dust.

Kirra rubs the pot and the durms durm. She rubs fingers, walks by William.

William peers at door with jaw clenched.

The steady, pace drum hits strick to the room.

William stares at Myst as she enters with a pound.

,,The sound,'' says William with a peer and a slight sneer.

,,Listen,'' says Myst and with a thump the dump booms.

,,I hear,'' says William. He looks at Kirra and through door. ''And now the dead will have heard your sounds. The once dead will rise from the ground.'' William shurgs shoulders.

,,Listen,'' says Myst. She hits drums. The drum boom faded to silenec. ''No echo.''

,,We in illuiosn,'' says Flare.

,,Tell that to Kirra and her face,'' says William.

,,No soot, no sound.'' Kirra walk to door at back of kitchen. ''Down.''

,,Where?'' William looks at Kirra. ''What? But.'' He looks at Myst, Flare and Minst. ''Are we all mad? I don't understand my own mind as I live in the castle. Am I cured? Are we?'' He signs the with glenched guantlet fist. ''Minst, can an illusion cut and pummle a body like a true being?''

Myst slightly taps drum.

Minst says, ,,I, I...I believe it to be possible. However, only the highest order of magicians could create an illusion and bind a phatasmal force with actions of object in the illusion is poosibe. But the skill and time to create such an illusions is rare. If not impossible.''

William sighs. ,,Is this all an illusion we are playing?''

Myst steps to William. ,,It may be an illusion, but until the illusion fades we believe it real.'' 

Minst steps into the kitchen and by a steel rack of wood plates and bowls. ,,Didn't Shake says this was all an illusion of Carlos.''

,,Spear,'' says William. ''Shake's daed.'' He steps and walks from the kitchen and to the door by Kirra. 

The pack watches.

William says as he steps through, ,,Play your drum if you wish.''


Myst drum pounds make distant sound through the dark of the huge circular room where Guile and Spear walk fast.

...Guile and Spear walk fast toward the drum sound. 

The drum  pounds slow pace. 

Spear and Guile finish the race and step through the square door into the open black with bones and cloth rot over floor. 

A thin hue of smoke clouds.

Guile coughs, and the drum pounds stop.

Spear steps through square door ways. ,,No sounds.''

He raise torch above. 

Darkness illuminates.

,,Smoke,'' says Spear.

The drums pounds sound through the dark. 

Guile hears. Guile limps fast. Guile says, ,,This way.''

Spear steps. ,,They hang above? And I can't not climb these walls.''

The kick bones and bags and dust.

Dust flies with the smoke.

The smoke spreads.

Spear says as the stride along the curve to drum beats. ,,There's fire.''

Guile sniffs. ,,I..I...'' He coughs. ''I smell.'' He mouth breathes. ''There's. Drums.'' He poits and steps and staps. ''The drum is above...Smoke...Smoke is.''

Guile and Spear steps to see a glow radiate along the curve of the wall. 

,,Fire,'' says Spear...

The smoke spreads.

...Through the kitchen door, by the trash pit, a well, a hall to the wax and Wane. A spiral staircase cut from stone goes down.

The pack follows William with the drum pound, and William follows the direction down.

,,Do I smell smoke?'' says Minst as Minst sniffs and step down spiral stone stairs.

William descends stairs with Minst behind. William's longs sword leads with his sight down the stone steps and a haze of smoke.

Minst coughs. ,,Where's this coming from?''

,,Below,'' says Flare. 

William says, ,,ANOTHER ILLUSION!'' covers mouth.

,,No,'' says Flare.

William steps from stairs to wet rough stone. ,,SPEAR!'' 

William's voice echoes.

Myst's drum beats do not echo. 

The beats pound and hit. 

With the beat skip of Myst's hand, Myst hears a faint slow song sing. 

Kirra sniffs. ,,Below.''

William stops, hollers, ,,SPEAR!'' He steps into the dark and smoke. ''GUILE!''

Myst hits her drum after each hit.

Flare focus and things, says, ,,Shaman.''

She feel Spear below...

....Below the other part of the pack, Gulie and Spear stand and see flames rise in the vaste area around.

The flames burn low and span to smoldering piles. 

Guile and Spear stop and stare. Spear lowers the torch.

A flame guiser the size of a rod shoot from the ground and reach high into the sky of black above.

The guiser light illuminates the base of the tower and darkness. 

The flame guiser raises hovers and illuminates.

The sihlouettes of feet.

The flame guiser falls and leaves a column of smoke as it spread over the smoldering ground. 

Guile cleas thraot. ,,A magic potion burned.''

Spear smiles. ,,And the feet of the pack.''

,,WILLIAM,'' hollers Spear...

...William's feet burn.

William jumbs and bumps Flare.

Flare pushes back William with small shield and raises sword.

William pushes back on shield and looks at ground, ,,Hot.'' William steps back. ''A heat from floor heat through boots and felt to burn feet.''

,,Sole,'' says Kirra.

,,Soul, what?!'' says wiullim as William looks at ground and steps back bumping Flare's lowered shield.

Kirra kneels and grabs his boot and lifts.

,,What,'' says William. ''Are.''

Kirra says, ,,Light.''

Minst steps to Kirra and William.

William balance on foot. ,,Kirra, release...I can. This is...No...''

,,Hold,'' says Kirra. ''Look.''

William stands.

The soles of William's foot is burnt.

A heat spread through soles and knee of Kirra, and Myst's drum beats stop...

...A stick wide guiser shoots from the ground around Spear and Guile.

Spear says, ,,No more drum beat.''

Guile says, ,,I see their feet.''

The stick wide guiser falls to the ground.

,,They scatter,'' Spear says...

...The feet of the pack above scatter from the heat.

Kirra, William, Myst, Flare and Minse spread circle around wall and stairs and into hall.

,,The stone feels like a furnace burns below,'' says William.

Minst coughs. ,,Is the fire below the stone?''

Flare slams sword agains the stone. The swords rings. ,,Illusions.'' She peers and points at spot of black that flickers fire red.

Minst sees and peers and puts had over mouth.

Myst coughs and hits her drum feeling the feel of the sounds. 

,,Below,'' says Flare. ''I felt shaman below.'' She crouchs and steps of the stone.

A clear spot that sparkles red appears where William first stood.

Minst says, ,,Illusion.''

,,Illusions,'' says Flare...

...,,Illusions,'' says Spear.

Guile clears throat and swallows. ,,Illusion.''

The flame piller falls, and the ceiling is black.

A line of short flames flicker between sihlouettes of bone piles and rubbish.

Spear clear throat and spits. ,,We make a pile. A flame.''

Guile put arm of robe of reighn over face. ,,The burn of fall.''

,,WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMM!,'' sshouts Spear.

Guile puts hand against hears and the pain of Spear's shout sooths to silence...

...William, above, hears whisper wind speak his name. He peers at the spot on the ground. ,,I heard a faint whisper like the wind was speaking.''

Minst sniffs, blinks. ,,Why...'' He coveres mouth.

Flare says, ,,Shaman,'' speaks. 

,,Where?'' says William. 

Myst pounds drum. 

,,Illusion,'' says Kirra.

Minst stay. ,,Wall of sound. I mean wall of silence. Force and illusion.'' He sniffs. ''Where?''

William looks to Kirra. ,,Down.''

Kirra nods and leads.

There feet run over rough walk and clear rough walk with darkness blow...

...Spear and Guile stand. Guile lowers hands from ears. Spear looks above.

,,Maybe they didn't?'' says Guile.

Spear grabs the Rose War Warrior hammer. He lifts the Rose Warrior hammer. He steps, spins and throws the rose warrior hammer into the dark at the spot near feet seen.

The Rose Warrior Hammer flies through the dark and through the floor behind the other part of pack. It breaks through the stone ceiling like paper. 

The pack part stops, watches.

,,Spear,'' says William.

Flare steps to the floor where Shaman's war hammer flew through and sticks hand through hole in floor. 

Willliam coughs, looks at Kirra. then he looks at Minst. ,,Can you fly?''

,,I...I...'' Minst touches belt. ''I don't. No. I can't. No components. I have not components.'' He looks at William. ''Tired. Too...''

William says, ,,Kirra. Find down. Or lower.'' He looks at Myst, Minst, Flare. ''I will remain hear by the hole.'' He looks at Kirra. ''I need a two arrows to drop.'' 

Kirra pulls two arrows. 

William says, ,,Better the plan if you shoot these to arrows into fire to make it know. Then go find lower ground.''

Kirra stands by hole.

Flare steps back.

With a flash of bow and arrow and arms, two arrows fly through war hammer hole to the ground...

Two arrows hit a pile of embers and bones. A splash of embers puffs.

Spear and Guiles see the puff.

Guile says, ,,How far did we fall?''

Spear hears a thunk of war hammer hitting distand dark. ,,Far.'' He looks at Guile. ''Wait here. Get hammer, return. Guide to wall.'' Spear runs for the thunk.

Guile stares. 

The embers light the gray sight along the piles and bones. 

The drum beats of Myst's boom.
 
Guile says, ,,Why am I alive?''

Guile covers mouth and nose with rope of Reighn, stares at the embers and listens to the booms from Myst's drum...

...Myst hits her drum high above Guile and Spear. She walks after Kirra from William.

William stands by the hole through the illusion and grabs Minst.

Minst steps, feels William's grasp of Gauntlent and stands. 

William says loud, ,,CAN YOU FLY?''

,,No,'' says Minst. He steps from William and contorts face. 

William holds his arm. ,,Can yoou fall as a feather as we feel that day in Westmore Canyon?''

Minst says, ,,Yes.''

William steps to Minst. He look at Minst. He says, ,,WE NEED YOU TO LIVE.'' He stares and steps close to say, ''Take Kirra and Myst to the ground before this magic fades and the force fails to hold us above the ground. 

,,Why?'' says Minst. ''Why will it fail?''

William says, ,,Everythings fails.'' He pulls on Minst, says, ''Stay,'' walks to the darkness lite by the drum pounds of Myst.

Myst pounds drum and follows Flare and Kirra.

Kirra runs over the stone she runs to a stone wall with runes of eyes closed pattern the center of large rectangle block. She rubs the surface.

The wall slants slight to incline.

Kirra points up. ,,Above door.

Myst quiets her drum hits.

Kirra says, ,,Above door.'' She points behind Flare and Myst. ''Stairs, balcony.'' Kirra shouts as loud and deep. ''MINST.''

Minst heas Kirra and steps after William.

William runs through the darkness. He coughs and sees through hern's glasses Kirra, Myst and  Flare. William says loud, ,,Minst can fall like a feather to the ground with the others. He stands by the hole of Spear's war hammer.''

Flare stares past William and nods at Minst.

Minst sniffs, says, ,,Kirra. What?''

Kirra pionts to ground. ,,Disspell.'' She points to wall. ''We climb down.''

,,I,'' says Minst. ''I.'' He touches his spellbook spine and grabs his pack.

William says, ,,We have minst fall as a feather and carry two the ground.''

Minst says, ,,I can't. I don't.'' His head thumps pain. ''I have no focus. I can't dispell. I can't.'' 

,,MInst,'' says William. He grabs Minst. ''Minst!''

Minst looks at William. 

They stare.

William says, ,,Yes, you can.''

,,I can't,'' says Minst. He pulls away from William. ''I have components to dispel, but I have no feather to fall and float down. I don't. And if I didn't I do not know if I could. I'm tired. Weary.''

William stares. ,,Yes, you can.''

Kirra takes a bow and pulls a feather from the shaft.

,,A feather,'' points William at Kirra's feather.

,,What do we do?'' sasy Minst. 

William says, ,,You dispell the force the holds us up. We slidie slow down the steep wall. And one can fall like a feather to the ground with you.'' William stairs. He looks at Kirra.

Kirra nods.

Flare says as she puts feet and flat palms on the walls. ,,The wall is steep.''

Minst looks at William. His face relaxes.

William stares. ,,You can do it, Minst.''

Myst hits her drum and strikes a cord to release and spread a chill that warms through Minst.

Minst minds feels the following steady beats of Myst song of Reighn. Minst nods and shrugs shoulders and grabs teh feather from Kirra. He stares at the ground. He mumbles twisted diphthongs and tongue tricks that are nearly a click in pace.

Kirra, Flare and Myst steps back with William and with the drum beat of Myst's drum.
The drum beats...

The drum beats fade to silence, and Guile feels pain. The drum beats again, and Guile pain of leg fades to a dull pulse.

The drum beats tap with the kracks and pops of the smoldiering fire.

The fire pops and burst spread fans of coals and ash. 

Spear runs past the fire adn to the dark. 

Torch light glow from torch.

Spear shakes the torch.

the torch extinquiches. 

Darkness falls.

Then the dark becomes dark gray. 

Spear feet clomb and crack bone. Spear smells the smoke flow and feel. Spear feels more than sees the Warhammer handle and the center of the sound.

The warhammer handle sticks from the plane of rubbish. 

Spear grabs the handle and rund toward Guile.

Guile stands and hears the new beat that feels to move the smoke around Guile. Guile covers mouth with robe of reign and watches the fire burn and watches Spear.

The fire smolthers and pops.

A small fountain of white bursts from the distand. The white falls and the fire bursts like a sparkle in the distant.

A fire leaps high along an angled wall.

Spear's sihlouette runs with with war hammer in hand. The smokes burns his lung. Chest pounds with pain.

Spear sees Guile sanding with face covered.

Guile see Spear.

A BOOM bangs and cracks a force agains Spear and Guile.

Guile is punched to the ground. Spear is thrown through the air...

...BOOM bangs each of the pack like they are the top of Myst's drum.

Before the boom, Minst kneels near and presses palm on the floor and spread flour over the surface speaks sounds like backwards surface talk then spits.

There is a shimmer flash before BOOM!

Like a glasss, the floor cracks and shatters.

KIrra and Flare fall and slide. 

William stumbles away from the wall.

Minst feels the back, sees the crack and reaches for Myst.

Myst falls

Minst grabs Myst's arm.

William stumble to feel. His hand pokes through the floor into a dark spot. He reaches for Minst.

Minst slids over illusion force  as Myst hangs. 

Myst drums boom to side. Her feet kick the wall.

The illusion floor cracks spreading a black line.

William hollers. ,,FLY LIKE A FEATHER WITH MYST!''

Minst clenches jaw and fist. Fist grab Myst's hand. The trio slides.

Minst says, ,,I ca-''

,,YOU CAN,'' hollers William. 

Minst grabsr the feather. His mind is a mix of blues and browns pumping and pulsing and shifter giving slights pain. Thought and speech span and find. His vision flickers to the gray tones to black. Pains spikes mind and twists all reason of direction as he feels to fall up.

Myst slips.

Minst reches.

The trio slides and falls.

As The trio hung, Flare and Kirra fells and slid.

Kirra hits the wall. She feels her bow fall and dagger fall. She feel her face slam the wall and body rub against the smooth all. She presses palms and feet agasint the wall and flattens body. 

Her fast slows to a quick slip over surfce to ground.

Flare follows Kirra. Her shield hits wall and falls while Flare press boddy against all.

The slide step wall then hit.

Bones cruchs. Armor bangs.

Pain jerks and spreads through knees. Knees bend and body hits.

Flare and Kirra fall in the bile of bones, bags and bundles of rot. Kirra and Flare looks up.

Kirra rolls and stumbles back.

Flare lets head fall to ground. Her head shakes and vibrates like a bell.

Like a bell, Spear hears a ring after the boom. He hears Wiliam's shout. He scramble sto feet and runs for the epicenter of the sound. He hollers. ,,WILLIAM.''

Guile feels the boom, hears William then Spear as he lay on the ground coughing. Snott smears with dust over his face. He gags and rolls, tries to stand. Pain shoot through leg and spine. Guile falls and coughs.

Like Spear's shout for William, the coughs of Guile are not heard by William and Myst and Minst.

William, Myst and Minst fall. Before they hit the wall, Minst sees the blobs of color become shakes. The shapes spand and wrap and spread around Myst, Minst and William. They touch the wall and bounce soft and flaot down to the ground. 

Spear shouts again. ,,WILLIAM!''

William shouts, ,,SPEAR!'' He smiles and looks at Minst. Through Hern's glasses he sees.

Blood runs from Minst's hear and eye. 

Minst mind flows with shifting shapes covering the trio in a magical fall like a feather.

Myst graps Minst and holds as they float.

Below the floating trio, Kirra limbs to Flare, grabs Flare's shoulders and pulls Flare through the rubbish from the wall.

Kirra hears the crunch of Spear and cough of Guile. ,,Spear,'' says Kirra.

Spear strides  and strides.

Guile cough and sneezes, stands and falls. His fat stomach wobbles as he falls.

Myst and minst and William fall slow, slow, slow...

The red embers and smokes spread over the black below. 

The trio flows and floats to the bottom.

William says loud, ,,WE FALL LIKE FEATHER AGINST THE WALL DURING A WIND STORM, SO IF YOU ARE BELOW WE FALL SLOW!''

Kirra looks up and pulls Flare.

Flare feel the bones and dust brush face. She blinks away the darkness. Her head rings and hand grabs for small shield. ,,Shield,'' She says then coughs.

Kirra drops flar, looks above then peers through the deep blues of the dark sight. She looks and shifts through the bones, swords and a back of clith and wood bits. 

The pack falls, run and searches.

The smoke spread and thickens. A breeze blows in circles and gusts.

Guile coughs and gag, pukes. He stands and skips on a leg.

Spear hears and shout, ,,REMAIN, GUILE.'' 

,,LEG IS BROKE,'' he says. 

Spear hears thorugh the head ring and sees Kirra  and Flares heard through the gray sight illuminated by the fire light behind.

Kirra hears spears but looks the rubish along the wall. She sees Flare's shield and grabs it the looks over fragments of barrel, sack, seeds and bones. She kicks a bow and lifts a bow from the rubbinsh and slides and shift foot along the wall.

Along the wall, the trio falls.

Drips of blood drip from Minst cheeks.

Minst's eyes flatter, head slumbs and body goes limb

The trio falls, hits wall and slides.

One, two, three then thump to the ground.

Spear steps to Flare rise to see the trio hit.

Dust blows and stings.

,,William,'' says Spear. He coughs. 

Willima groans, clenches fist stands. 

,,William,'' says Spear.

William grabs Minst. He looks back at Separ, coughs. ,,Guile. Wheres' Guile?'' He looks at Myst. ''Myst.''

Spear steps to Myst. ,,We found door to tower.''

,,And the fire,'' says William as he hoisets Minst to his feet.

Minst hangs limb.

Myst stands. Her hear rings. Her and falls to her drum top and falls into her drop. She stumbles and mumbles. ,,Reighn.''

Guile's cough sound through the dark.

The smoke thickens and the red ember lines spread.

Spear lifts Myst. ,,FOLLOW. THERE'S A DOOR.''

William coughs and waves and lifts Minst over should.

Minst hangs and dangles. 

Myst stands and looks at drum.

,,MYST,'' says Spear. He lifts up on Spear. ''MOVE!''

Spear's words thumb like a drive. 

William steps. Flare stands and nods and steps with Kirra. Flare castes a glance and Kirra.

,,KIRRA,'' says Spear.

Kirra looks through the rubbish. 

Spear steps with Myst and Flare. ''KIRRA!''

Kirras steps. The pack runs. The pack follows Spear adn follow the coughs of Guile.

Guile heaves and hackes.

Spear slaps him ain back and litfts him from the ground to help Guile's limp. Spear crouchs and walks. He leads the pack to the door.

The floor is a glow with red. Clouds of smoke blows past.

The smoke parts, Spear sees.

The door is open along the tower base.

The pack steps, stumbles and crawl through the door.       

Kirra, Spear and William push against the door.                          

The square stone door slides smooth and thumbs closed.






