,,SHAKE!'' says William loud.

A few people in white robes look at William then step from doors or walk the halls.

The white ropes contrast against the bright shining globes and blood red walls.

''Shake,'' William says. He steps into the room with Myst.

The floor squeeks over the floor of room.

Myst says, ,,One can only sing the song. It is the audiance who must listen if they want to hear.''

William smiles and stares with Myst. Her hum stops and slow to silence as they stare. 

Guile stands in hall, glances at William and Myst and feels Shake's thought pull from mind with the feeling of Shake's body. Guile stares and feels to steps after Shake, but yawns and walks inot hte room with Spear, Kirra and Minst.

,,Food,'' says Spear. He then says loud, ''WILLIAM.''

William and Myst hears.

William steps from room to room by tables and beds. 

,,Food,'' says Spear. Spear sits on bed and pulls Blue's Armor from Rose Warroir aromor and body. 

,,Water,'' says Minst. 

Guile steps behind William, says, ,,A bath.''

William smeels piss and swseat. He smiles and looks at Guile, winks, ,,30 Rise on the road of smell.''

Guile grins and hobbles body and smell by table and Minst. He peers over the table. 

Minst opens spell book and components. ,,Where are the baths?'' He says as he peers at the goblins spell book. 

Minst clicks with tongue and mouth and swipes air like hand is like a fan. 

Guile's shits and piss smell fumes to vingar and orange smell.

William coughs and Kirra steps away from Guile and Minst and th winow to the far window. 

,,And the cloths,'' says Spear. ''Or we burn the robe of Guile's.'' He chuckles and luaghs.

Guile peers at Spear. He gribs his heart dagger hilt.

Spear smiles and stares at Guile. ,,Guile, there are barbarain hordes that would follow you because of you smell.'' Spear points to self. ''I don't want to smell like a moving plant.

Guile smiles.

William nods and steps. ,,Food, water.'',,Ale,'' says Kirra. 

,,Ale,'' says William. ''Bathes, oils and something to clean the cloths. Face.''

,,Bathes,'' says Spear. 

Minst looks at the goblin spell book. ,,Where's Flare?''

,,Flare,'' says William.

,,Shake has the money,'' says Guile. He steps to doo. ''I will get...''

,,Flare,'' says William. ''Let Shake go.'' William drops brest plate to floor. I will undress. I will go. I will find Flare.'' William looks at Spear. I want to know where our new friend has gone.''

Spear shrugs and nods head back. ,,I'll go.'' He tosses the Blue's Armor to ground. He unlocks and hoods the Rose Warrior armor.

,,Stain your white Robe,'' says William tossing last plate to ground.

Minst says loud. ,,When will we enter the castle?''

,,Before two rises,'' says William.

,,Tonight,'' says Kirra. She looks at the castle wall and tower. 

Guile yawns and scratchs arm bit and step to door. ,,I go get shake and credits.''

,,I have coins,'' says William. ''I have enough for the cost.''

,,How many gold?'' says Spear.

,,Two Westmore Gold. And a Waterdown silver,'' says William.

,,Hope not in pack,'' says Spear.

Spear tosses last of Rose Warrior armor to grounw. Hs tunic sticks against his broad and harry chest and waste. ,,I find Flare. Buy baths.''

,,Food and water,'' say William. He steps with Spear.

Spear says, ,,I go.'' He glances at Myst looking at the top of her drum. ''You have other song to sing.''

,,Ale,'' says Kirra.

,,Ale,'' says Spear through hall. His voice fills it then leads Spear to stairs.

Cold stone steps lead Spear down. 

Waves of tension and free joy fill the bath and flow through Spear.

Spear feels people near then he hears the people then they appear climbing the stairs.

The white robed people gives stares that Spear feels, but doesn't not see for the eyes are hidding in the dark of the white hoods.

Down, Spear feels a pull to step down the stone steps and past the halls of purple, white, blue and black.

The black room span and fills with white robes. 

Spear steps down the steps to the wide hall to the wide door to teh black room and white robes.

Flare steps from the white robes and walks the hall. ,,Shaman Spear.''

Spear crinch and feels a shrill of shame flow then fade and step away with steps. ,,Food, bathes, smells.''

Flare rases a flute shaped glass. ,,The food and purfumes. The server will lead you to the baths.''

Spear nods. ,,Where are the bathes?'' Spear steps to wall to let agroup of white robes walk from behind to the black room. He leans to Flare. ''A few don't trust you. They trust not one sent to lead.''

Flare smmiles. ,,The blue level. The black double doors.'' She nods. ''Credit will take from Shake.''

Spear smiles and says, ,,Good.'' He steps to stairs.

Flares says, ,,See to me when we leave.''

Spear walks the stairs, to the red all the the pack's room. He feels the pack near. He feels and hears Myst and William in the door behind room one.

A song sings from the room and through the door. William's guitar pluck slow and soft strings to sing with Myst's voice. Myst's voice gives calm through the door to Spear's mind.

Spear opens the door to the other room.

A work of calm spread through the pack as the song of William and Myst sing.

A metal door in the wall between the room is propped open with Spear's boot.

Spear says loud. ,,Food, smells will be brought.'' He steps and grabs bastard sword scabbard, and Blues armor. ''Baths are blow in the blue level. All cost for Shake.''

William stops his guitar strum, and Myst stops her hum and soft tap of drum top.

,,We clean,'' says William. ''We eat. We enter the castle.''

The pack cleans in pairs. Spear and Guile walk down the stairs and find the blue all. The follow a group of white ropes to big black double doors.

The doors open to a room wide and long and filled with huge bowls big enough for dragons to eat from or Spear to sink within the bowl. The doors open to two goblins wearing blue leather shirts and pants too think to be armor. The doors open with silence into the candle lit room.

One of the two hugoblins in blue leather stands and clicks at Spear and Guile. The hugoblin walks between the rows of bowls.

Steam rise, sand sweat spreads over faces.

Orcs, an orgre, hugoblins, hobgoblins and a few humans lay in stone bowls. Their heads rest of pillows on the rim of stone bowls. 

Fumes of lemon, rosemary, pepper and alcohol musk that feels to lift.

Guile feels the fume lift take his mind from the acts and steps of the hugoblins wearing blue leather armor.

the hugoblins ppints to one bowl and walks and points to anothe bowl. The hugoblins pivots and looks at Spear. It clicks twice. It grabs its blue leather shirt and lifts then pivots head side to side. It clicks and clacks and smacks the sounds thenwalk away. 

Guile feels the fumes lift and the clicks glide and Guild finds in the hugoblins mind the emotion and shapes thought while the sounds created with clicks and clacks.

,,What?'' says Spear.

Guile steps upon stone block and lifst to edge of bowl. ,,I feel. I, I, I think. The bowls are like the bathing pots in the dwarven. There was a...'' Guile splash water and sniffs his hand then licks his hand. ''Tastes like the water and liquid to clean.'' Guile slide into the robe sinking into then floating to the top of the water and bowl.

Spear steps and slides into the stone bowl.

The bowls are of white stone and as deep as Spear from toe to waste. Their smooth sides allow Spear and Guile to slide down the sides into the water. The steam openssin adn relaxes muscles.

Lights glow dim yellow light through the room with no globe or torch seens. 

The steam lifts the minds.

Guile and Spear find sleeps, snoring.

Two hugoblins standing near them as hand pushes on their shoulders.

One of the hugoblins clicks and clacks and waves Guile from the bowl.

Guile feels and hears sounds that are for movements.

The hugoblins stand and stares. One clicks and clacks and shakes a hand points to doors, then to Spear and Guile's cloths then to floor. One clicks and claakc. The other hugoblins walks to the doors and waves a hand forward.

Shear and Guile stand and drip.

They step and are guided from the room. 

The clicks and clacks from one hugoblins follow them through the red room.

They drip from the blue halls to the stairs to the red halls to the room.

The pack stares at Guile and Spear as they drip, drip, drip.

William sniffs and smells vapors of alcohol from Spear and Guile. ,,Our turn.''

,,Yes,'' says Spear.

,,Stink.'' He stands. ''Do we need to clean the cloths while...''

,,No,'' says Spear as he looks at Guile.

In the room, the pack arranges, cleans, sharpens, prays and lays on bed. William cleans guitar and hums with Myst. Myst sits in the other room on floor and talks with William's humm mumbles. The mumbles are heard as lyrics in Guile's mind. Guile focuses upon the hum as he steps by Minst. Minst sits and reason goblinsmarks and clicks goblin sounds. The sounds causes Kirra to clench jaw and flex fingers.

Kirra stands by window and look out at the sky and tower top that is seen as a ring of lights high above near the stars and moutain tops. Kirra stares and stands with the cold flowing over her holding her like Jan as Jan is thought and reached. Kirra stands until Spear enters. Kirra steps and look at Spear. ''Ale.''

,,No,'' says Spear, but feels a being then hears the heavy breathe and a wheeze of a grunt. 

A hearvy voice breathes and says from door, ,,Food.'' A human round and short holds a plater wider than the door.

The round and short humand turns and guides the plater through the door along the side and stesp insdie. With a grunt and a groan, he puts the plater on table, scratches head adn wipes nose. 

The pack stands, steps and looks at the food. 

The round and short human rubs his bald head, says between breathe. ,,Water. Bread. ...Fruits.'' He clears thraot. ''Roasted ox goblin'' He coughs. ''Roasted ox-goblins under the cover. Chirps ripe and freshly picked from the north.''

The food steams. The food fumes. The steam and fumes flow through the cold rooms.

Myst smells, and the song sings to food and body feeling the hunger pains Reighn lets flow through Myst.

Myst stands and walks with the pack.

The pack in the room gaters around the table and the platter.

The round short human steps from room and wipes hand over bald head.

Kirra says loud, ,,ALE.''

The human clicks and clacks then swallows and looks at Kirra. ,,Ale. Yes, Ale. Ale. Ale. Ale.'' He steps back. ''I will bring Ale.'' 

the door cloths. 

The pack eats, drinks and eats and drinks. 

A knock echoes thorugh door.

Spear open door with war hammer in hand.

,,Ale and,'' the human looks at Spear's war hammer. ''Ale, wine. Spir...Spirits.''

,,Table,'' says Spear. He bites a sausage and chews.

The short round human stumbles into room. A wood cup falls from his copper platter. He puts tray on the table.

Four bottles as large as Spear's forearm rests on tray. Each bottle dark green with white labels and goblins marks over the labels.

The short round human says and points to each of the bottles. ,,Ale. This is...This is wine. This is Dwarf Spirit. This water.'' He looks at Spear then William.

Spear nods and chews.

The short round human leaves adn shuts door.

William says while chewing meat, ,,We bathe in pairs.'' He bites. ''We needs.'' He swallows. ''We bathe now. I go.''


,,I will join you on your journey,'' says Myst. She looks at William and licks her fingers.

,,Ale,'' says Kirra.

,,The blue halls with big black doors,'' says Spear. He looks at Kirra. ''If you see the short round man tell him about bringining ale.''

,,Water,'' says Kirra. She looks at her ale.

William smile and leaves with Myst leaving the pack in the room.

The pack eats and drinks. Kirra complains about the ale being water until Spear says, ,,Drink the spirits.''

William and Myst walk to the bathes. Myst grabs Williams hand and grabs Williams arms and lets he body and brest rub against Williams as the walk the halls the stair and between the doors to the bowls. They walk as one into the room.

A hugoblins stands and clicks and clacks.

Feeling song sing in her mind, Myst hums along with the song and finds the clicks and clacks become the surface talk words.

,,Hello,'' says the hugoblin. Another hugoblins stands. ''We have bathes through the room.'' The hugoblins walks and leads and clicks.

Myst sings with clicks and clacks and surface talk. ,,One bowl.''

The hugoblins in light blue leahter armor presses palms before himself and walks backward while clicking and clacking that is sung to William as Surface tallk and to Myst as surface talk and clicks and clacks. The hugoblins says to them, ,,We charge by person. We have single private bowl. We charge for cleaning. We have magic and might to clean cloths. We have bathing garmets. We have curtains for changing. We are between shifts. We have many bowls.''

The hugoblins walks backwards and stares at William and Myst.

Myst grabs Williams hand and holds williams arm and guides him to the Wax and to a white bowl near the center of room.

Two orgers wearing gray sheets lay two bowls a slings shot from William, Myst and the hugoblin host.

Myst sings clicks and says, ,,Bowl here. Cloths clean.''

The hugoboins poinst and steps then lets finger touch top of white sheets. ,,Garmets here. Cloths here.'' He walks from Myst and twoard William. ''Oils here.''

,,Payment,'' says William.

Myst sings and says, ,,Payment how.''

,,Credits removed from room renter,''' clicks the hugoblins. The hugoblin bows and clicks. ''WE be at door for you if you want.'' The clicks flow like a guitar playing song. 

Myst smiles, clicks and sings. ,,Thank you for you being given.'' 

William steps to the sheets and towls and picks on up a gray and black sheet.

Myst grabs a white sheet and steps to the other side of the bowl. Her eyes peer voer the top of the bowl to Williams shoulders.

william holds up the sheet. ,,This is what we are to wear.''

Myst takes off her cloak, padded leather bands and coat. Her thin wool pants and shirts. Her silker under shirt. He sild pantie.

Dirt and the star of Reighn are Myst's only closes.

,,Naked,'' says William. He looks away from Myst.

Myst wraps white sheet over body and steps from the floor to the top of the gray stone bowl.

Steam rises from the water top adn float around Myst.

Myst's curves sway and flow arournd hips and breasts. Her brown hear shows a forest of colors from the dim light.

The towel white lets the curse of butts pull William's look at the front door to Myst. William looks away. ,,A gray robe will give all the calm of the body...And...''

William takes off his wool shirt and silk shirt. 

Myst steps her naked feet along the rim of the gray stone bowl. She lifts on tips of toes and peeks at William. ,,Wear the white sheet.''

William pulls the gray sheet around his shoulders and neck making a body covering cloak. ,,The gray will show all we need to see.'' He pulls off his wool pants and silk undergarment. ''Cold.''

,,The water is warm,'' says Myst as she slides into warm water bowl. 

The white sheet pulls tight over Myst's legs, thighs, hips, stomach, breast, shoulders. 

Myst's hair floats on water.

William stares.

Myst smiles, closes eyes and leans back. 

The warm sooths and calm her body. Her body cleans.

William looks away then closes eyes then peeks and climbs and sees Myst's near naked body.

William splashes.

Myst smiles. 

William cloths eye rubs water over body. 

Myst rubs her foot along William's ankle.

William hums.

Myst hums and taps water top. She grabs soap bar and washes body. She clicks. 

The hugoblins takes their cloths and bows head. 

William watches. 

She lets sheet float from body. ,,they will wash.''

William stares at Myst's body near naked. Her curves play music through his body. He stares and slides in to the water. 

,,Come close,'' says Myst.

Williams sits, splashes water on face and neck and scrubs. ,,Clean. Easier to clean with space.'''

They clean using blue soap and oils.

The oils float over the water through the clouds of dirt in water.

William looks away while Myst stares.

Myst rubs her foot long William's legs with wink and smiles.

They clean bodies.

The cloths return on a brown tray carried by the hugoblins whear blue leather.

William splahses form water.

They dress.

They leave.

William leads the silent walk  to the red room. 

Myst leaves sloft humm from the bathes to the room.

The room is full of stinks a and smells. Kirra's sweat, rose oil, bread fumes, smoking fat, poop and piss. 

The room is dark except a candle light burning on a desk by the iron door between the two rooms.

The iron door is open and letting light illuminate the table  adn the ends of the bed.   

Mumbles between Minst and Guile great.

Minst and Guile speak about goblins spells.

,,Sounds and these marks are the components of the spells. There are few if no components like pine tar, charcoal, cotton. Sounds and actions gather the magic from what I taught was like a weave around life, but now I see that the magic is from every being. Either we get it from magic spells or prayers.'' Minst points at the goblins book and looks at Guile. ''Is the goblin mind different? Whe you read it? How without knowing the languages? I wonder if the power that you have is the same power I have with magic. Maybe...'' He taps the top of the goblins spell book. ''Maybe they are from the same source?'' Minst looks at Guile.

Guile stares at Minst, ,,Maybe.''

,,Maybe,'' says Minst. ''Maybe.''

,,William,'' says Spear loud as William and Myst step into room.

,,Spear,'' says William.

,,Clean,'' says Spear.

,,Clean,'' say William.

Myst spin adnlets her cloak part to show William her wood shirt parted and showing the curves of breasts. She walks and ties her wool shirt and walks to the door to the other room.

,,Mysts,'' says Minst. Minst stands. ''We go. Now we go?'' Minst looks at Kirra. ''Kirra shall we go now? I don't want, but we should...''

Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods head back, steps and walks to Minst.

Minst stnads and looks over the table. He looks at Guile. ,,Will you please watch my components and things. And we'll talk. I want to know how you see the psionics in relation to magic from mages and clerics from the Gods. It's an interesting...''

Kirra pushes Minst. ,,Clean.'' Her breath breathes spirit fumes.

Minst sneers at Kirra.

Kirra and Minst follow Spear and Guile's water path to the bathes. Kirra bathes in the nude. Minst wears black sheets. 

They clean. They dress the leave.

The pack in the room remains quiet eating, drinking and praying. Spear tests the strenght of Rose Warrior Armor and Blue's armor. William cleans his armor. Guile tries to dry his Robe of Reighn by heating the water with mind, but finds only steam. Myst prays and cleans and looks through her back.

Kirra and Minst return back to the room.

,,We go to the castle,'' says William.

The pack dresses. The pack arms. The pack stands.

Guile squeezes Robe or Reighn. ,,Not drying.''

,,Did they not show you the sheets,'' says Minst. Minst grabs the robe, clicks tongue to mouth and snaps fingers and rubs the robe of Reign.

The robe dries. The black lines and makrs along the seams and endges become dark blue.

Guile smiles and looks at Minst. ,,Goblins magic.''

,,Fascinating,'' says Minst.

,,The castle wall.'' Willim stesp to teh stell door and closes the door. 

,,Do we need to find Shake?'' say Minst.

,,Shake will wander where he will,'' says William. He grabs the large pack of robes and opens the leather cover.

Folded white robes like clouds push and expand.

William grabs one and tosses it at Spear. ,,Hope this fits around the armor.''

The pack takes and puts on robes. They trade and switch the robes of the same style but of two sizes. The large robes cover Willaim's and Sperar's armor and Minst's height. The smaller robers pull around an cover Myst and Guile. Kirra boots are seen. 

,,Only two smaller robes,'' says William.

Kirra pulls and shifts her robes.

Each robe si a shaggy furred robes like a polar bear's furr. White beads are swean along the cuffs and around the part and hood of the robe. A tan hide lines the inside of the robe feeling soft like fur, but tough like armor.

,,Soft,'' says Minst as he packs his pack over back and touchs the spine of spellbook hidden in the folds of Elven Chain Mail.

,,The castle,'' says William. He open door to the room.

,,Is the door locked,'' says Minst. ''The steel door. And the door in the other room.'' Minst steps and puls and pushes on the steel door. ''Locked.

The pack watches. The pack stares as Minst steps past. His wipe robe expands as he ruse to all and pulls on the other room's door. ,,Shut.''

The pack steps to the hall. Their white robes glow and flow over their packs and armor. Kirra's quivers and bow with Spear's bastard sword scabbard lift the robes making it appear as if they have hunched backs.

,,Feel foolish,'' says Spear.

,,Smell bad,'' says Kirra as she fumes like flowers after covered with dew.

William steps and leads.

Minst says pulling on pack. ,,Will Flare be with us?''

,,Yes,'' says Spear.

Minst shift pack under robe. ,,Do we need to find her?''

,,No,'' says Spear.

The white robed pack walks the halls the stairs and to the dark of night around the castle walls.

Flare stand at the edge of light and darkness by the building.

The white robed pack walks past.

Spear feels. ,,Flare.'' 

The name echeos. 

Another group of white robes shuffles into the hall.

Flare walks to Spear. 

William steps away and leads the pack along the path at the edge of the road, across the road and along the wall of the castle and the cold.

The cold blows around. Snow mist stinks the face adn the wind gusts around the sides of the wall. 

The castle wall extends to the Wax and Wane with a line of white robes walk around the stone walls.

The cold and castle wall lead the pack around the caste grounds. The walk around the Wane side looking for doors or windows near the ground. 

The wind blows behind as the walk to the Rise along the wall.

The wall rises from corner tower to corner tower with no windows or doors. Glowing domes illuminate the wall's top high above. 

The wind wall hits the pack as the walk around the wide and round corner tower. Hoods are pulled from heard. 

The pack walks with the white robes toward the Wax, into the wind and along a smooth tall windowless castle wall.

Laughter and talk warm the cold from the balconies and walkways of buildings on the other side of the road. Sounds and flame light, songs and laughter adn a few shouts guide and light their way to the castle's portcullis.

,,Can we stop?'' says William louder than the wind.

Flare steps and says, ,,No.'' Flare steps a few steps and feels Spear feel tense.

Spear feels deep thumps of hearth.

Flare says, ''We walk with many.'' Flare feels Spear feel calm like a tight rung rope is unwrung. 

Spear feels his clench jaw shit socket. heart pumps vein.

And the pack steps. 

,,We want to see the portcullis,'' says William near a whisper.

Flare says, ,,I will begin to walk slow.''

,,Are there maps?'' says William.

,,No,'' says Flare.

Myst steps on the back of William's heel and on power of snow.

The line slows.

The white robed pack steps to the portcullis.

Wind blows at hoods. 

Hoods blow off. Hoods flap with rope folds and cuffs.

The pack walk by the portcullis.

The portcullis is fourteen steps wide and about thirty steps tall. Steel bars as wide as a wrist are connected cross horizontal and vertical from side to side and top to bottom. Darkness is beyond the portcullis

The stone around the portcullis archs above the portcullis.

After William steps five times, Flare lift arme and points palm at portcullis

William looks at peers at the gate and darkness. 

Two thin cut lines through horizontal bars spans from ground to a twelve step high. The two thin cut lines are two steps apart. 

After three steps from the portcullis, William says, ,,A door.''

Flare says, ,,Door spin down and up.''

Myst hums and steps near William. 

Minst touch the spine of his spell book and flaps the pages of his goblins spell book. Pops thee component from belt and pulls at edges of robe to stop the flow of cold.

Spear walks and feels his heart beat and body shift. Spear things of a tree.

Guile sees for Shake's mind through the random thoughts caste through the path tavelled. He stumbles and makes a new foot print and hears echoes of his ownt thought. 

Kirra grabs Guile and guides his step froward. She glance the peers away the stares of hoods. She stops he walk.

The line stops.

Guile finds steps and walks.

Kirra stands for two Guiles steps then follows. 

Flare glances back then walks on toe tops and looks back. She stares back.

William looks back, over Myst, who looks at William. William sees Kirra standing; the line stopped; Kirra step. ,,It appears the line can stop,'' says William. He looks at Myst.

William looks at Flare.

They stares.

Flare shrugs and looks forward and walks.

The pack walks around the corner to the rise. 

The wind blows them at the wall. 

White robes flap. 

Snow mist blows, gusts, falls.

Wind calms as the pack walk and walks along the smooth stone black wall. 

The pack walks with white robes and wind. 

the pack walk across the rood and along the tall buildings with wind.

The pack walks in to the open empty halls with cold. 

They walk the stairs and through cold scents hinting to be smelled. 

they walk through the hall and to the room. As they walk the stairs and Flare, Kirra and Spear hear no one else walking the stairs, Spear says, ,,How we get in?''

William says, ,,The swinging door.''

,,What if like most castles it uses a bar and two rings behind the door to prevent the door from moving?'' says Minst touching the spine of his spell book and fanning the pages of the goblins spellbook.

William says, ,,Shake will climb the portcullis and pull out the rod.''

Spear smells wood smoke. ,,Fire above.''

Flare runs the stares and the halls. The pack follows to the room and through the smoke to their rooms.

Smoke rises from bed. Blood stain ground. A burnt body smolders smoke to open windown. 

Shake lays stoll on the ground and bleeds.



