,,Pack!" Shake says loud then laughs. "We aren't rats."

,,Yes," says Hern as he flashes from the room. 

Everyone looks at Shake.

Myst feels boiling, searing emotion flow from everyone to Shake.

Grun grabs Shake and raises mug.

,,NO," hollers William. The holler echoes through the room. "He's part of our pack." He steps back. Spear follows. 

Shake pulls from Grun grasp. Shake steps back looking at Spear. ,,I didn't mean you!"

,,Shake," says William. His voice calm and steady.

Spear steps between Grun and Shake. 

William steps and stands over Shake. ,,Don't talk. Don't touch anything. Don't look at anyone until we leave." 

,,Sorry, William," says Shake.

,,Don't talk," says William.

Shake nods.

"And don't touch anything." William stares at Shake with peers and tense face.

Shake nods. He drinks from his wine carafe. He looks at Spear and smiles and peers at Grun.

,,Where do we go know?" says Minst.

Grun slaps hand on Spear's back and nods at Minst. ,,First we share a parting drink. Then we climb the ladders to the surface."

,,It would be best if you to guide us to the surface at a time near now and not a time in the distant future," says William.

Kirra and Spear nods. Minst slides hand over the outside pockets of his sack and shrugs and nods. Myst says, ,,I would like a drink."

Grun looks at Myst. ,,It is good you want to wet your tongue because I would hate to have an entire pack wanting to leave and ruin the taste of the collection fine ales we have collected to celebrate the life of Ton."

,,Very well," says William. He nods at Gurn. "But I ask our time be but a drink for I wish not to offend the kind people."

Grun looks at William, sways, slaps hand on back of William and walks turns the walk to the distand door.

The other dwarves look from the group and to the center. 

Myst feels a cool and calm fow over body.

Spear, William, Shake, Minst, Myst, Jan and Kirra follow Grun to the distant door across the stone floor.

Grun walks through the wide door and down the steps into the mass.

Anvils pounds, stone bangs, mint and sage smoke, laughter and talk and a loud murmur flows.

People push and pull. They wedge and slide between each other. They shove between the large and tall building becoming one with the darkness above. They move to and from the bazaar.

Grun leads the pack into the mass pushing a small path from between the buidings and into the bazaar.

They step and the tide of the moving mass. They push and step by a stages with a dwarf holding up and hammar and point up while screaming. They walk around a booth covered with  stone figurines the size of a thumb depicting humans, tolls, goblins, bears, birds and a black dragon. They walk by a crowd pushing and stacking to peer at a skinny dwarf moving around three rocks around the top of a beer keg. They walk through a crowd of dwarves dressing in sectioned armor and weapons holding a sticks with blue flags.

Grun bumps the shouler of an armor clad dwarf holding a blue flag.

The armor clad dwarves stops and push Grun and screams dwarvish. Spit flies from his mouth. His mouth flaps and free hand points at Grun then at a distant red tent spaning through the mass. 

Grun laughs and says words lost in the crowd talk and anvil pounds.

The armor clad dwarf lunges toward Grun. 

The crowds shifts, shakes and clears.

Shake looks at William and steps and slides from the pack and into the crowd.

Kirra sees Shake and follows. Minst steps to the edge of the clearing crowd and pops small packets of bark and flour as runes begin to shape in mind. Jan holds staff and stands ground next to Myst, Spear and William in clearing. William steps between Myst and the pack of dwarves. Spear flexes his muscles and stands behind Grun staring at the armored dwarf.

The armored dwarf and his friends watch William and Spear. They pull hammars and picks from hooks and loops on belts as they slowly step back and stand along the edge of the spreading crowd. The blue flags are lowered to shoulders as the pus back on the pressing mass wanting to fill the area.

Grun pulls out his hammer and shouts and throws arms out wide. His beard and hiar wiping as he shakes his head screaming and hitting chest. Then he stands silent.

Shake slips and slides through the crows ducking his head below the dwarves. Kirra follows in his wake. She peers ahead walking and following Shake's people wake which then stops.

People mass steps back and the blue pack of armored dwarves begin to circle around the cleaing. 

Grun stares at the other armored dwarf. ,,STEP AWAY, NOW!"

,,YOU ARE WITH US," says Spear. "WE FIGHT WITH YOU." Spear slide bastard sword from sheath.

The blue armored dwarf laughs and hollers dwarvish above the anvil pounds. 

,,IF ANOTHER JOINS," Grun looks back at Spear. "LET YOUR FIST OR FLAT SIDE IF YOUR SWORD LEAD YOU TO BATTLE. NOW BACK."

Spear nodds and steps back to the edge peer along the edge of the crowd. 

William looks from Spear to Grun to Myst. He reaches to Myst and clasps her shoulder and pulls. Then sees Kirra pushing through the crowd and Shake disappear below the heads of the dwarves span through the bazaar.

Myst pulls away and walks between Grun and the blue armored dwarf.

Minst grabs components and focues on Myst.

Kirra watch dwarves look down and step back. She follows the the hidden wake of Shake.

The blue armored dwarf lowers hammar and points at Myst standing between him and Grun. He laughs and hollers dwarvenish.

,,MOVE FROM MY PATH!" hollers Grun. He moves to step beyone Myst and she stands in front of Grun.

William reaches for Myst shoulder, grabs it, but she jerk shoulder free of his loose grasp.

The anvil pounds and drum pounds increase their tempo. The mass flow adjusts and walks around the standing crowd or stand and try to peek over heads at the two standing warriors and the taller and skinnier human standing between the two warriors.

,,STOP!" hollers and screams Myst. She peers at the blue armored dwarf the Grun. She points at Grun. "YOU ARE CHARGED WITH SHOWING US A WAY OUT. NOT FIGHTING!"

William pivots head side to side and watches the blue armored dwarves along the edge then glances at Spear.  Spear looks at the blue armored dwarves surrounding the space and steps by Jan and Minst. Minst focuse on the space around Myst focusing the shifting and sliding twisted rune shapes begin to frame around Myst. Jan grips her staff with one hand, a waterskin with other and stands on tips of toes watching Kirra push through the crowd. Kirra steps and slides from the people standing trying to view the confrontation to the steady flow of people jostling around from booth to booth and stage to stage. Kirra peers and scans the heads of the dwarves searching for Shake.

Shake hears Myst's holler and scream. He steps and strafes between people slightly bumping and touching people as he bends and twistes and spins from the peoples path. He keeps his head low and below the level of heads and bodies of dwarves. 

The pounds of the anvils fall silent as the musicans stop to walk to stage's edge and watch the fight between. 

Shake stands, looks back and runs into two dwarves carrying stone statue of a minotar. 

The statue falls.

Shake hears the stone break and a loud laughter.

The blue armor dwarves all laugh and shout, ,,GRIIITER," and,  ,,HIBINER," and, ,,JOKLING," letting fingers to point and spit to fly with laughter and slaps on Shoulders.

The blue armored dwarf before Myst and Grun laughs and pivots head, turns and waves his hand forward toward the path between the  buildings and from the bazaar. He steps between two other blue armored dwarves, who follows the path. 

The pack of blue armored dwarves fall instep and walk from the bazaar.

The anvil is struck. The drums pounding and the band begins to play their sound for the crowd. 

The crowd shifts and pushes and fills the space. Some dwarves pass land point a Grun. Others looks and stare and Myst, William, Spear, Jan and Minst.

Spear, William, Myst and Minst look at each other and watch the open space fill. Jan follows Kirra. Kirra watches two dwarves nearly as tall as shake lift shake from the ground. 

,,WILLIAM," she hollers. "SHAKE!" Kirra wedges around couples and groups.

William, Spear, Minst and Myst hear a faint holler of Kirra. They see people pushing and pulling. near the stage with the anvils, drums, guitars and now low moaning like sounds spoke into a cone by an round and short dwarf.

Spear trails William, stops and says with the force of wind blowing from a canyon, ,,GRUN."

Grun looks from the buildings and looks above the heads over other dwarves. He looks at Spear, nods, then shakees his head as he pushes his way through the crowd until he finds the wake of Spear, William, Minst and Myst.

Shake scrambles on hands and legs like a crab through legs and over the dirt covered stone grown. 

Feet and paw press on shakes fingers. People look down and point. One person spits on Shake and another kicks him on the shin. 

The people around begin to step away as the two muscled dwarfes rush at Shake.

Shake stumbles, rolls, stands and runs away from the rushing two dwarves until hitting a wall of standing dwarves and two dwarves tranformed to a hybrid dwarf form. He falls to the ground.

Kirra sees the crowd part. She sees the two dwarves with muscles flowing out of their tunics rush after Shake. She sees shake stand and fall. She sees an opening and leaps into the path between Shake and two dwarves. 

Minst, with mind easing and calming, sees the shapes begin to fade from mind and sight looks at Shake as he falls again to the ground. He focus the runes to surround the area around shake. Then and claps hands together and mumbles sonus like mumbles and sharp clacks. The componets in the bags spread and mix and vanish.

A shimmer and flash appears around Shake as Kirra stands between the muscled dwarves.

William, Spear, Jan and Myst see Kirra leap between Shake and the two muscled dwarves.

The muscled dwarves being shape. Their shoulders shift and lower. Their necks stretch, jaws shift and lower and extend with shifting skull. Fur pushes from skin. The beards tangle in twine in the fur all during the span of a few steps.

Jan swings and squeezes her water skin and spats, ,,SWISH."

,,HALT!'' Hollers gruns as he leaps past William, Spear, Jan, Myst and before Kirra his body now a mix of rat and dwarf.

The water from Jan's waterskin grows into a stream then a wate waves that archs over the people and splashes before Kirra and on Grun and the two rushing dwarves.

Grun is splashed with water, but stands still and grapples both muscles dwarves and pushes them back. 

The crowd spreads away from the splashing water. A few people wet with water look around and focus finger points and shouts at William, Myst, Spear, Jan, Kirra and Shake

Shake stands and crawls and hits and invisible wall. A wet and angry dwarf wearing a tunic made of chainmail licks slams fist toward Shake's head and upon the invisible barrier.

Willaim, Spear, Myst and Jan are pushed by the people into a tight back as Minst minds flows and ebbs with the relase. 

The people spread another space as dwarves and wererat formed bodies grabble and hold and spread from the chaos and the water spreading over the ground making a thin mud over the smooth stone surface.

The anvil pounds set a fast pace: Bang, bang, bang, bang that pumps the heart fast and deep. 

Fists pump above. The crowd pushes and people flow through the space separating.

Grun holds both dwarves and barks, ,,Frinish. Snit. Nowth. Gron. THY MERET GRIN HERN!"

The two muscled dwarves calm and setting then fold arms.

People hit and invisible shield as they pass shake. Wet dwarves and wererats stand around Grun with arms folded and eyes peering.

A crowd of wet bodies surround Wiliam, Myst, Spear, Jan. They point wet fingers and press wet tunics against the pack. They point and shake fingers at the pack then selves.

Two dwarves, one with beard and one without push Minst toward William, Myst, Spear and Jan. 

Wet fists hit invisible shield around Shake. Faces with short and long beards and naked faces shout around Shake.

Shake sees darkness and shadows. Dim lights shine between the bodies pressed agaist the invisible shield. He presses hand against face and feels not glasses. His hands press agains the cold wet stone...

Grun throws an arms around the two barrelled chested dwarves and talks with some wet people standing around him and near Kirra. He talks below the sound of the band playing on stage a leap away. Grun points to a red tent in the distance and walks to Kirra.  

Halberds rise above the crowd. A steady march is heard with a cadences of ,,FLANT, FLANT, FLANT. The slowing tempo of anvil pounds set music to the scene of a phalanx dwarves dressed in red hued armor moving slow through the crowd toward William, Spear, Myst and Jan.

Willam and Spear press back to back.

,,HOLD YOU SWORDS AND YOU SPELLS," shouts William.

Spear nods. Spear feels body tense. The sight seen fades of hues of colors illuminating from reliefs and signs. He sweats. He breathes deep and steady. The sounds of the people swarm through mind and around the pound of the anvil band. His his heart pounds. His body feels and smell Myst and Jan.

Jan clench staff and presses back against the shoulders Spear and William. She watches Kirra be surrounded by wet people. She see Grun walk with two dwarves to Kirra and talk. Jan grabs a rope as her body's energy spreads then contracts pulling a small stream of energy from a distant pulse of nature.

The pounds of the anvil slow the then silence and the guitar and singer  lead the song on.

The song in Myst's mind fades. 

Myst feels a slow burn longer her skin being poked with tiny needles. Myst grips her mace as the song. ,,William. I don't believe the people have our best intenstions."

,,DON'T PULL YOU WEAPONS FREE!" William clasps his guantlet and makes fists. Rage thrusts from the guantlet and to mind.

The phalanx of dwarves nears the pack.

Dwarves and couple of humans pressed int the still flowing crowds part from the path of the marching dwarves.

The dwarves hold their body shields before. A relief of a rose in etched in the steel. Through the Glass of Grun The outline of the body shields and the various shapes and etching on each of the body shields glows a red hue.

Grun sees the maching phalanx over the tops of heads of dwarves and past Minst.

,,KIRRA," says Grun. His whiskers twitch and voice is more high pitched as it flows from a short snot. He sniffs. He lowers arms from the necks of the two barrel chested dwarves. "Please to us a favor and contain you pack's mouse when the shield caste by the wizards shimmers away." He walks from Kirra. "I have my pack before me that needs some guidance." He walks through the crowd.

The wet dwarves and two barrel chested dwaves follow Grun. The wet dwarves twist tunics and hold  wet parchment, ink, components and a canvas painting at Grun as he pushes through the mass toward the phalanx marching toward Grun.

Kirra silently nods and walks to the sphere around sphere. 

Shake rubs hands over ground. 

Kirra hits the shield with her fist. 

There is shimmer. 

Kirra grabs Shake and yanks from the gound and holds him fast. ,,STAY."

People push Kirra and Shake together.

Shake presses against Kirra's breasts. Shake smiles and says loud, ,,YES," I WILL BE HAPPY TO STAY." Shake sees long dim light silhouette  mass and William, Spear, Jan and Myst standing back to back looking over the crowd.

Minst holds large sack to chest. He slides hand between chain mail folds touching his spell book. He steps and stops and jostles toward William. 

The mass flows. The band on the stage falls silent allowing the loud ambient chatter surrounds. A few screams and shouts and groups of laughter explode through the sound scape. 

Smells of sage and mint smoke puff and flow past. The sage smoke flows and spreads of the phalanx and Grun and William, Myst, Spear, Jan.

,,WHAT NOW?" says Spear as he fights back the urge to hit a wet dwarfe flaping mouth and point a wet scroll toward his nose.

,,BE CALM. BE AWARE," hollers William as he pulls his gauntlet from a fist to an open palm.

Spear holds back the rage and fights the surge and pump of heart. 

Myst feels all and feels the focus and displine with a flat force pressing against her touch. 

Grun jostles with the group of wet dwarves and a halfling to the phalanx.

The phalanx stops. The spears lower and the body shields seperate. 

Grun poinst at William and Kirra and Minst as Minst steps and shuffles to William. Grun motions at the wet people and the two barrel chested dwarves and the tent.

The phalanx splits and marches toward 

,,This can't be good," says Kirra. 

Shake stands and tries to break the hold of Kirra's hands from around his wrists. ,,It will be if you let me go."

,,We won't be going anywhere," says Kirra.

William watch Grun talk with the phalanx then sees it split, ,,Where is Kirra and Shake!" he says loud. 

,,Behind you," says Jan. She peers at Kirra and Shakes and looks over the crowd finding no angry and agressive dwarf or being passing near Kirra and Shake. "They are unharmed."

,,Maybe if shake would learn to remain," says Myst. "Then we would be on our way out." The feeling of flat pressure, buring and tiny pin point fade from body's feelings. "Reighn allows me to feel their anger at us."

,,I don't need a God to tell me that," says William.

Myst elbows William.

Grun and the wet mob part from the phalanx and jostle toward a read tent. The held high arms of the wet and angry people are lowered hiding the wet items below the shifting mass.

People part before and phalanx and begin to step away and avoid William, Myst, Jan, Minst, Spear, Kirra and Shake.

Shake and Kirra watch as the phalanx surrounds.

William, Myst, Jan, Minst and Spear stand and hold a tight pack as they are circle by the phalanx.

The phalanx halves surround and set shields around the group. The spears are leveled and poke between the body shields pointing to the center, pointing metal tips at the two parts of the pack.

,,I think they want us to stand here," says Shake as he sees the the silhouettes of the spears lower.

Kirra releases Shakes wrists and lets arms fall to side. ,,Remain silent," She says.

Shake nods.

As the spears points at William, Myst, Minst, Spear and Jan, they lower their hands, and Spear's heart beat slows. 

One loud ring of the anvil hits and echoes. The echo fades. A crowd cheers.

,,WHAT DO YOU WANT OF US!" says William.

Two shields part. One of the dwarves walking with the pack earlier steps betweem. His hair and beard are in locks that hang over shoulders and chest plate. His face dark and hidden between the round locks. He holds in a hand a warpick. The red runes on his armor glows. He says, ,,You follow to red tent." He points. Pivots and steps between two parted shields.

The spears rise vertical.

The phalanx remains in circle formation around the pack. Both circles begin to march through the shifting mass of people. The two circles meet and merge as one. 

The pack walks silent. They watch the formation join in a fluid motion. They see the formation a perfect circle as the slow phalanx maches through the mass.

People around try to peer over the body shields. The try to peek between the body shields. They step away from the phalanx and part a path as it marches deeper into the bazaar.

They march and march. 

Smell of fried flesh flows over in thick white smoke. Sage, clove, sage, myrrh, cypress, juniper, vanilla cedar, agarwood, lavender, saffron and frankincense float and hang on small bursts of fumes flowing from stages and sellers booths. Sweat and mildew fills nose when all other smells disperse.

The cool becomes warm. 

The step slow and steady as the phalanx marches and marches. 

The floor remains course hard stone allowing the feet and shoes to grip and step. The thin dirt become thin mud. Shards of cotton, wool, leather cloths of motley colors mix in the mud with twine, ring mail ringles, small metal chains. 

They step. Each of the companion pack stare and look around, and they walk.

Booths, stages, lean-tods and shanty shops create rows and paths makeshit spaning at chaotic angles.

People mass. And the phalanx holds form as it marches deeper.

Minst looks up seeing a releif mural on the ceiling high above. It is of a griffen being attacked by a dwarf wearing winged shoes and swinging a hammar and pick as the griffen's claws near the dwarf's head. Minst says, ,,What's that?"

The question is lost in the shouts and bounds of drums and voices auctioning mushrooms through a boom cone.

The angled baths of booths, shops and leantos lead to green, red, blue and yellow tents rising above the ground and spanning the area of buildings. 

The phalanx marches through the people and stops before the seperated flaps of the tent. 

Two dwarves wearing red hued sectioned armor stand with hammar in one and and a shield with a rose in the other.

The phalanx stops then steps in to the red tent and with each step seperates release the pack inside.

The smells of tobacco and mint fills the smell and stings the eyes.

Dwarves short and tall in various stages of dwarf and wererat walk around in metal sectioned armor etches with a rose and hued red. They carry mugs and yards of ale and stumble, crawl and stand talking, laughing and watching and dancing.

The dance is paced by a trio of drummers sitting on a platform in the corner pounding a high tempo beat pushing a small group to throw arms high and bodies in circles.

Kegs line a far tent wall. Each with a spout tapped and dripping. 

Rectangle stone tables stand before the pack. Wet, drinking and talking dwarves sitting before wet paintings, cloths jars and dried goods next to a mug of beer. The dwarves wear the tunics and metal jewlery.

The dwarf leading the procession stands before William.

Shake steps from the pack. Kirra and Spear grab Shake.

Grun walks with two mugs. He gives on to the dwarf the lead the phalanx to the red tent as the talk near ear to ear. 

Slowly people at the table and the armored dwarves drinking and dancing slow their talk and movement and stare at the pack standing at the tent's entrance.

Grun nods, smiles and slaps the dwarf on the back. He steps before the pack and stand before William, Spear, Kirra with Shake pulling to be free.

Grun says and points to the mug, ,,ALES FROM THE BEST ARE ALONG THE WALL." He moves hands here and there. "THERE ARE MUGS TO BE FOUND."

,,WHY ARE WE HERE?" says William. "WE WOULD LIKE TO RETURN TO THE SURFACE."

,,I DO NOT RECALL HERN ORDERING YOU TO ENTERTAIN US," hollers Myst.

Hern drinks from the mug and wipe a froth of beer from beard with hand. ,,I DON'T RECALL HERN ORDERING YOU TO POUR WATER ON PEOPLE!" Hern nods back and looks at William then Spear. "WE ONLY NEED THE ONE CREATING THE FLOOD AND ONCE A BARTER FOR COMPENSATION IS AGREED THEN YOU SEE YOUR SKY." He peers at Minst and steps before him. "DO WE NEED A GAG ON YOU?"

The pack stands.

Shake jerks free of grasps and says loud, ,,HAVE YOU PROOF THE WATER CAME FROM US?"

Grun laughs. ,,THE ROUGUE-"

,,BARD!" hollers Shake.

,,THE THIEF SPEAKS TO HELP DEFEND IS FLIGHT AWAY FROM THE PACK TO STEEL SOME CANDY," say grun loud.

,,I DIDN'T WANT TO BE HAMMERED LIKE A NAIL AFTER THAT DWARF PICKED YOU APART HAND POUNDED YOU INTO THE GROUND," says Shake.

A few dwarves with wet tunics stand from the table and stand behind Grun as Myst pushes between Spear and William and points a finger at Grun, ,,YOU ARE TO BLAME. YOU CAN'T EVEN CROSS THROUGH PEOPLE WITHOUT WANTING A FIGHT OR AN ADVENTURE."

William grabs Myst's shoulder.

Myst jerk shoulder away and pushes William back while starring at Grun. "YOU ARE DANGEROUS."

People laugh and drink. Small drips of water from the faces from the wet tunics as chests and bodys rumble with laughter.

Grun smiles. ,,I AM DANGEROUS."

As Grun smiles, Spear scans the room and feels a pull from step to walk and dance and spin with a pumping and flow deep within. Minst looks to side and grasp components in hand as he begins to see squares, triangles and circles outling in the armor, the tunics and the metal jewelry hanging from neck. Kirra follows three dwarves stepping and stumbling through people toward Grun and the pack and steps from the group toward the casks and a tower of stacked mugs. Jan stands with staff end on ground holding still and calm watching Kirra part to the mugs and sees Kirra looking back with hand near dagger hilt.

Kirra stands by the mugs and peers through the clear path to Grun's head.

Grun laughs. I'M DANGEROUS?"

,,GRUN, JAJ. GRUN, JAJ! YOI PRIIIIIIIII!" hollers a dwarve with fire tan skin.

,,PRIIIIIIIIII!" stands and hollars the group of wet people sitting around the table who stand and hold mugs high.

The dwarf with fire tan skin stumbles between Grun and Myst. Her beer swishes and sways and runs over the edge of the mug.

Grun points to the the dark skin dwarfed, ,,She want money or lashing for the one who destroyed." Grun burps. "...For her wet root and  gun powder."

,,IT WAS ME," says Shake. He hold up a water skin. "IT DID IT." Through the dimness of light Shake sees some of the wet dwarves step toward him.

,,No,'' says Jan. 

A skinny dwarf with a long gray beard grabs shake. Then two more.

,,NO," says Jan. "I AM TO BLAME."

The skinny dwarf with a long gray beard reaches for Jan shouting and mummbling, ,,JAJ RUIL LOP MUIH. JAJ JAJ JAJ..."

Jan slaps his hand with staff while stepping back toward the parted tent. 

Kirra watches the three dwarves push past then follows them toward Grun and the pack.

William steps before Jan. 

Spear sweats and breaths deep. He smells through the smell adreline pumping through the body and fuming from the sweat. He sees the movement of the three dwarves toward the pack, and the hairs on back of neck rise and a chill spreads through spine.

Grun laughs and drinks.

The skinny dwarf with a white beard hits William.

Grun laughs and spills beer.

Myst hits Grun's mug splashing beer in his face.

Williams gauntlet clenchs and sends a flash of tension through his body. 

Minst fills the pull of energy merge the natural shapes merging them to ruines.

Three armored dwarves walking single file push between Myst and Grun behind the skinny dwarf with white beard. The lead dwarf bigger taller than Shake and as wide Spear slams fist into Shake's face while hollering, ,,DEVIF NIO!"

Shake falls back and limp body hits ground.

William swings guantlet covered hand connecting square on the temple of the lead armored dwarf. 

The guantlet covered fist connects.

The dwarf steps back and stumbles and falls on the table.

People clear.

Grun is pushed back from the rush.

The other two armored dwarves grapple William and all three fall to the ground. His glasses fall from head and darkness shades his sight.

Spear graps one of the armor dwarves as it falls and pulls it upright as a surge of rage release from Spear. His muscles tense and pump.

The glasses around Spear's head fall to the ground as his jaw and nose shift and slid to a snout. Instead of dim light Spear sees through the darkness as he sees light.

Grun blinks and looks at William, Spear the attacking warriors as the warrior standing from the stone bench steps toward Spear with raised fist. ,,POSG!" hollers Grun

The music stops. The dancers spinning in crazed cirlces slow to a stop. People toasting drinking and filling mugs stop and lower mugs. One by one everyone looks at Grun the pack.

"HARNKER. RIYOU!" holler Grun starring at each of the three armored dwarves.

The two armored dwarves on top of william begin to stand.

The armored dwarf of Hern's pack with raised fist lowers hand and

Spear grapples the dwarf that had punched Shake. They hit the ground.

The two other dwarves stepping way from William step toward Spear and the other armored dwarf falling to the ground.

,,POSG! FRI DI ZE" hollers Grun. 

People clear. They step farther away from the group as Grun steps toward shake, and William glenches gauntlet fist and swings at Grun.

Grun grabs the gauntlet, twists William's arm, spins Willaim around and push William's arm up and wraps an arm around William's neck. ,,Spear is unable to control the will of the wild." Grun stands. "Newon and Spear will need to fight this one out." Grun release and pushes William into Kirra as she pulls a dagger free from sheath. Grun reaches down in a flash and pulls Shake from  the path of the rolling Spear and Newon as Fri and Ze the two other armored dwarves step from Shake's sliding path.

Newon and Spear tumble.

Spear's body shifts and stretches. Tips of fur pushes through his skin. The now shifted jaw and extend nose form a snout. His ears shift and slide to top of head. He finger nails grow and become claws. His teeth grow and canines shine to a point.

Spear opens his mouth and snaps at the Newon.

Newon breaks Spear's grip on his armor and arm.

Spear punches Newon. Newon bunches Spear and tosses Spear to his back then rolls on top.

,,YOILT. NEWON. YOILT.'' says Grun.

Myst pushes behind Grun and kneels by Shake.

Jan steps toward Kirra as Kirra and Willaim stumble to a stop.

Ten armored dwarves step from the watching crowd and surround Kirra and William.

Minst begins to speak sounds and holds his hands high then he is brought to the ground by the shaft of a spear to his knee. His components fly into the air and body falls.

Spear head butts Newon and stabs snout into Newson neck causing a sharp pain flash through head to spine.

,,SAVAGES!" hollers Myst as she looks at the need black and blue fist print on shakes faces.

Shake's nose is bend and bleeding. His body is still. His breathing is soft.

Willaim steps and pushes againsts the ring of surrounding dwarves.

,,FRI, ZI," hollers Grun. Grun nods down to Shake. He makes a fist the opens his palm and rubs palm down face then steps back as Spear rolls on top of Newon.

Fri and Zi run from the tent.

Newon lifts and slides legs around Spears neck then twists.

William lunges and pushes back the circle of dwarves nearly breaking the ring, but is pushed back and thrown toward Kirra.

Kirra crouches and leaps over the ring dwarves landing near Jan. She picks up her dagger and steps toward Spear and Newon and by Minst laying on the ground.

Two guards point Spear tips at his neck.

Newon's legs twist and chokes Spear as Spear breaks the hold of Newon and begins to choke Newon, and Newon bites Spear's hand.

,,NEWON," says Grun. He sees Kirra with knife, reaches out, grabs her wrist, twists and pushes her down to the ground by Shake.

Myst looks up. The energy of a song in mind flow through body then stops as Kirra's body hitting the ground striking a discord.

Newon slams both palms on the sides of Spear's head. 

Spear's head slumps and falls. His body goes limp.

William breaks from the ring of solders and stumbls falls and crawls to Spear as Newon
pushing away.

William's glasses fall from face and crunch under hand cutting hand.

Minst lays on the floor and closes mouth and lets hands fall.

Jan raise swings staff at Grun's head, but is parried with a shaft of a spear. Then  she is held by two armored dwarves as a circle of armord dwarves surrond Kirra, Shake and Myst and slams shield to the ground.

A note is heard in Myst's mind and the song strikes as her body leads her hands to Shake and the a flow of energy flows into Shake as William crawls to Spear.

Grun kneels near Spear.

William pushes him back, ,,GET AWAY." William squints to make out Spear's half rat and half human body laying still. 

Spear's body lays still and chest slightly rises and lowers.

Grun stands and steps back. He inhales expanding his barrel sized chest then slowly exhales. He looks around at the crowd in the tent.

Every one stares at the circle of chaos.

Grun focuses on Newon. He stars.

Newon says and points at the circle of soldiers surrounding. ,,Ruien killuwan kepten." He points to an empty metal knife scabbard hooked to a belt.

Grun nods. He says, ,,William, Spear will wake. He will wake with a head ache, but Newon thought drunk," He glances and Newon then back to William with a pause. "He knows how to control his hit." Grun walk and pushes then step between the soldiers and body shields surrounding Myst, Kirra and Shake.

Kirra looks from Shake and stands. She looks at Grun and spits on his face then pushes through the body shields as Grun waves a hand and wipes his face.

,,How is Shake?" says Grun.

Myst with eyes closed and hands on Shake's faces. Her hands have a faint glow that pulses with the star amulet around her neck.

The red and black fist print fades. His swelling slows and is guided straight with Myst's hands. She releases and says, ,,He will wake with a pain in his head."

William breaks through the circle of soldiers and body shields. 

Grun raises a hand and shakes an open palm.

The soldiers with body shields disperse into the standing, staring, silent crowd.

Myst stands, says, ,,You are careless." She looks at Grun then looks at William. He's fine now. His boke nose now whole."

,,Thank you," says William. They stare. Then William looks at Grun. "You're warriors have no honor. They strike without a gentleman's warning. That is not the way of the knights and warriors I know."

Grun nods then stops. He levels his stare. ,,Then you have not fought with many humans." Grun kneels. 

,,Why don't you keep away," says William.

Grun rolls Shake over, puts hand in his pack and pulls out a shining metal dagger with  rose on the handle end and red and blue jewels embedded in the hilt that are seen twinkling in the dim light. ,,And honor is for one who is not a thief." He looks to William. "This is Newon's family dagger."


