>Fignt,< see Love to Spear's mind.

Spear stand from bench, runs on two and four legs along hall at a half-elf wrapped in white.

The half-elf holds a sword and buckler. A leather coif is strapped to head. The half-elf warrior lowers bald head and slices at an arch up at Spear and punches with buckler.

Spear swats aside the short sword. His face hits the buckler. Spear punch faces of warrior, grabbles body, twists and lifts the warrior body, and falls.

The half-elf warrior flips through air. Back slams against ground. Spear lands on chest. Spear bites throat and tears throat.

Blood drips from Spears mouth.

The crowd cheers. A few boo. One yells, ,,WEAK!''

Spear grabs a leg of the half-elf warrior and the swords and pulls the warrior along the hall.

Spear sits and pulls coif and buckler from warriors.

>|Slower kills,< sees Love.  >|Kirra. Fight.<

Kirra stands and walks the hall.

The hall leads to the pit.

In the pit, a dwarf with a patch and scratched face.

Kirra peers and sees the eyes peer of the white sheeted dwarf she fought before the fight trail.

The dwarf warrior stands wearing breast plate, loose leather shirt, tight hide pants. A strap of chain mail wraps neck. A small shield and short sword grips in hand. 

The dwarf warrior stands at the edge of the ring of the pig. Shield is raises and sword lowered. Eyes peered.

Kirra steps into the ring and spits. They peer.

The bleechers calm.

Kirra steps, raises dagger and sword.

Kirra stands.

The other warrior stands.

The crowd quiets. One shouts with a few clicks and clacks. ,,FIGHT!''

Kirra stands.

The warrior shouts and pounds breast plate with hand and hilt of swords then slams sword against shield.

Kirra throws two daggers as flash.

Two daggers fly. One dagger hits the neck chainmail. One dagger sticks in the eye of of the warrior.

The warrior falls dead.

The crowds stares.

Kirra grabs the leg of the warrior and drags him along the hall.

>|Fight, William,< she sees. She peers at Kirra as Kirra sits.

Kirra feels a ring pains spread from mine. She watches William walk the hall.

William walks the hall and to the pit.

One shouts, ,,THERE'S MY LOVELY LADY.''

A human looking half-giant wearing  white sheets shorts and holding a clubs raors and lifts club, steps and swing.

William swing war hammar hitting the club. He jumb back and ducks and the back swing. He rolls then leaps to feet and swing hammar hitting hte chest of the half-giant. William swing guantlet fist hitting neck of half-giant.

The neck cracks.

The half-giants club falls and hands wrap around throat.

William walks back as the giant falls and hits the ground.

A few people boo. On claps.

William grabs the half-giant's club and body and pulls it from pit.

As William walks the hall, all hear and feel Love's voice. >|You want to fight and die. You want to survive and be free after thirty-nine fights. You need to give them show. You create show. You let the weak live to entertain.<

Spear, Kirra and William take armor and weapons from dead warriors, leave with Love leading and sell the items.

During the walk back to the nest Love breaks a silence. >|You need to fight for show else you make no money. You need to fight for show to create betting, buying of food and interest with other owners to fight.<

Kirra laughs. ,,Don't think. Don't show.'' Kirra feels pain.

>|You kill fast.< Love walks glances all. >|You fight real warriors.< She laughs and smirks and leads the pack to the nest.

Six lights shine and dim until next fight. Spear leads. Love guides them to fight.

Spear walks from the hall into a new ring and new stadium.

A bright light shines from the ring and dims to darkness and smoke.

The ring is ten strides wide. Flat glass walls rise from the edge. Two doors the span into darkness span from the glass floor to the top of the walls. From the top of the walls, bleacher seats rise at near vertical sheer. to booths then darkness. 

Faces fat and painted; relaxed and sleey look at the pit. 

A murmur of surface talk blows with the smoke. 

A few in the crowd fan faces shaking shining brackets and letting dim light gitter rings.

Spear scapes claws walking on two and four legs into a pit.

The murmur raises and lowers. 

From the tall door opposite Spear walks a woman as tall Spear and as skinny as Myst. A judogi hangis from long skinny arms the are raise at sides like a cross. Her head narrow like an elfs, but ears round like a humans. 

The murmur rises.

Spear feels no fear from the being and steps side to side slowly make way toward the tall warrior.

The half-giants stomps foot against the ground then stomps the other. 

The murmur quiets. Some one coughs. 

Spear strafes.

The hills spins and kicks foot creating a circle with a spin. 

Spear ducks the spin kick. 

The hill giant finishes the spin with side to spear, and the hill giant gladiator side kicks.  

Spear raises shoulder, blocks foot, steps back and punches wide. Spear ducks and spins at the hill giant. 

The hills giant gladiator back swings club at Spear. 

Spear flows thorugh spin and leaps, spins horizontal, grabs the hill giant gladiator's waist and whips around hitting back and wrapping arms around arms and legs. Spear pulls of half-giant gladiator.

The gladiator holds on to Spear's arms and falls on back.

Spear puts feet on half-giant's back and the half-gaints slams hime agains the ground. He kicks up. Spear's head slams ground.

Half-giant gladiator's back pops. She moans. The gladiator pulls on Spear's fur arms and slams back of head against the bridge of Spears nose snout.

Spear turns head, bends neck, pulls arms letting the fur slip the grip of the gladiator's to then wrap arms around the gladiator's necks and kicks out with legs.

The half-giants kicks to the air tucks and rolls over Spear's head and tumbles to feet to stand by Spear's head.

Spear grabs the gladiator's feet.

The half-giant punches one two. 

Spear rolls to chest, kicks feet and launches body between the legs of the half-giant and stands slamming head between croch.

Fists slams Spear's back with a crack. Spear grabs legs and pulls, spins and punches kidneys back spine. 

Half-giants stumbles with a spinning back fist hitting Spear's head.

One stumbles this way and that way. 

Spear's world blurrs.

Talk and Murmur spread.

The half giant stumbles to a stands, limbs stpes and kicks rushes Spear.

Spear breaths spins to face the gladiator's rush. Spear steps and leaps with shoulders spearing head at the gladiator.

The collide near center the a smacke. White flashes through body and head with pain. 

Spear's face and body number. 

Gladiator falls on Spear and punches at Spear's faces as blood drips from nose and head sways. 

Spear hits ground, is punched in the face, lifts legs and kicks feet to kick the falling gladiator in the ribs as the gladiator falls on Spear.

The gladiator grabs Spear's feet, balanaces to stand.

Spear kicks and kicks and kicks with a crack of a gladiator ribs. 

The gladiator pulls Spear's legs, steps spins and throws Spear against the wall. 

Spear hits. Pain burst through back, head. Rolls.

The half-giants sweep kicks at Spear. 

Spear rolls and rolls and rolls and stands and runs and skips and looks bakc and the kicks swing gladiator. His numb shoulder hang limbs. 

The half-giants swings punchs and step stops a kicks after Spear, around the edge of the pit.

A few people clap in the crowd. 

Spear ducks annd ducks uns fists swinging and the walls. Spear grabs the large club and hold it with two arms spins and swings.

Club slams the half-giant hip. 

Fist hits Spear's face. 

Blood saliva spay's from mouth.

Spear's head jerks and falls. His body braces and leaps and spear's head into the stomach of gladiator. Head hits hide-fat-mucles.

The gladiator steps back, stumbles, slams fist on Spear's back. 

Spea grabs a leg, roars and lifts leg, pushes. 

the gladiator hopes and one legs, twists and slams Spaer's back.

The they fall on side, hit glass. Their bodies entwined. Chest's press.

Spear's head hits thorat of gladiator. Spear bits throat and grips body.

Blood flows.

Half-giant's gladiator body kicks, punches, quivers, calms dead.

Blood spreads.

Clapping and murmur sound like distant sounds to Spear pumping and ringing head.

Spear drags the body from the ring. He passes a glass cart with a bucket and mop. He sits with body and pulls the breast plate and chain shirt from body. 

>Fight, Kirra,< hear all in minds.

Kirra pulls the straps on arms and lets, body. She gribs sword and dagger and walks the hall. She steps from hall to the ring as another being stesp from dark to the dim light.

A man holding a rapier with gloveed hand stands akimbo with gloved hand on hip. Purple pants bloom and pull from long black boots. The pants wrap tigh aroun waist. A coat with flares of cloth over hips frame slender frame. A shirt ruffles between the sleeveless coat and around the neck. A tan blad face look a t Kirra.

The swashbuckling gladiator lowers swords, puts hand over stomach and slides foot back for a bow.

Kirra was with knife and sword blades raised. She walks steady.

,,My name is Browl Lackrier,'' says the swasbuckling gladiator. ''It is an honor to fight thee.''

The talk of the crowd murmurs.

Kirra stares and steps at Browl Lackrier.

Browl raises sword so blade hold vertical before body. Standing two side with back hand on hip. He stands.

Kirra downs swings swords at Browl. 

Browl hits her sword a ways and steps to side, swings ang cuts Kirra's shoulder.

A knife is thrown at Browl, and Browl bends thing body from the dagger and raise hand above head and brings sword down with a swipe to knock aside Kirra's slash.

Kirra steps and slams shoulder into shoulder of Browl. 

Browls pranches back then steps side to side around the edige to the pit swinging sword back and forth like a fant blocking Kirra's swords strikes. Browls cuts Kirra' s cheekc.

Kirra sneers, pulls dagger from strape, hits away Browl's sword with swords and stbs with knife cutten Browl's chest.

Browl pushes off of Kirra and swipes rapiers cutting over Kirra's leather straps. ,,You have no grace, my fellow warrior.'' He steps back and swats Kirra sword down. ''Could this not be your fight?'' 

Kirra swings and swings.

Browl steps back swatch swords, ducks and leans away from swipes letting the blade come close to body. Browls cuts Kirra on shoulders and hip with little nips. ,,And we mus please the crowd, so you will live.'' He hits Kirra's sword away and spins away from dagger stabe then swipes a cut near Kirra' throat. ''But I should like to cut your throat.'' He steps and stands, and swats ands fans blade to knock away Kirra's stabs and strikes. He cuts Kirras leg and forearms.

Kirra stands and steps back.  Eight cuts bleed. She sweats and stares. 

The start a dance around the center.

Browl says, ,,Shall I just put my sword out for you to run into my fellow warrior.''

A few of the crowd laugh, and one claps. 

Browl stands to side and shuffle steps at Kirra swating her sword and hat her face. 

Kirra leans away, ducks pust sword verticat to stop swords. She steps throws ddagger. 

Browl bends back back to let the dagger fly agains wall and cuts Krra's arm.

Kirras steps back against wall.

Browl laughs and swings down on Kirra.

Kirra tosses sword to other hand, grabs the Browl's rapier blade with free hands.

The blade cuts into Kirra's hand as Kirra swings and shorts swords into the shoulder of Browl.

The blade cuts between Brown's shoulders.

Browl's eyes oopen wide. Body falls dead.

A voice laughs to the crowd.  

Kirra stars into the darkenss seeing faces stare.

>|Take the body and leave,< sees Love to Kirra's mind. 

Kirra grabs weapons and Browl and walks the hall to sit near Spear. She passes William.

William walks holding hammar and fist.

Through the tunnel willam stands in center.

A clouds of smoke blows from above. Talk of surface spreads. 

William hears the rub of metal against chains. The hit of shield aagainst sword.

An orc taller than William and wider with fat rolls rolling from under breast plate and tight chaing shirt and pats. A double headed battle axe drags on grounds. A ball and chain ar warpped aroound waist. A great helm covering head opens like a dragon's mouth. 

A few chuckles through the crowd. 

William grips his bucker and swings war hammar back and forth. 

The orce screams and rushes William with shield leading and battle axe raised. 

William waits until the orc is near, side steps with a swing of hammar hitting the chest plat with a thunk.

the axe blade falls. William leaps back asn the axe head slams the ground. The orc's shield punchs William.

William falls and scampes, stands, lift shield.

The battle sxe breaks William's shield, as Willam stumble sback and steadies legs, swings hammar, hits hand holding battle axe.

The orce punches William's face. 

William tosses broken buckler and circles side steps around write keeping the orce in the middle and turning as the word swipes axe here and there.

The orc screams and rushes William.

William waits until the orc is near to side steps shield and spins with hammar leading to hit the shoulder of the orc.

The axe blads cuts williams arm of arm.

The boths stumble apart. 

Willim steps spins throws hammer.

Hammer head swings and slams into the dragon helm's mouth into the face of the orc.

Orc teeth fall to the ground.

William breathes and bleeds from shoulder. Blood flows from shoulder and drips to ground.

The orc's body lays.

Surface talk words talk from the darkness. Their meaning is floats around like the smoke.

William breathes, grabs the hammar with bleeding arm and grabs the foot of orc with other arm. He pulls and pulls and pulls then when in hall he tugs on foot finally sliding hammar between belt loop and pulls the orc leg  with both arms along the halls.

>Undress the kills and leave,< sees love. Love steps into room and over William's dead orc.

William unhooks chaing mail, helm, plates of amrmor, a bag as big as a head. He pulls robe around waits and bundles the amrmor.

Love walks to Spear, sits by Spear and rubs Spear's furry chest and under his chin. She sees to all, >They love you Spear. And they show it with the money these other two white sheets earn from t heir boring fight. Thirty-nine fights for them could become more if they bore.<

William peers at Spear and feels rage burst through mind. He shakes his bundle of armor and slams it against the wall.

A purr spreads through William's mind.

Kirra stands steps over the dead swashbuckler. She hold a small bundle and steps the way the came. William follows Kirra.

Love sees, >Stop,< and a ring pokes spine with pain through William and Kirra.

Kirra steps and the pain becomes a stabe. Kirra pushes the pain to spread and over body and walks from Love.

Love sees an image of William being stapped by Spear and sees to Kirra, >|Stop.<

Kirra stands.

Love stands, and Spear follows.

William hangs head and walks behind Spear.

Kirra follows watching both.

Love leads to the market. They sell wares to Ghhrend.

Ghhrend trades and sells.

Kirra buys and trades for tight studded leather and a better short sword of mirthral steel.

Spear trades for gems and a diamond.

William buys a light, sharp elven long sword, A helm over the coif and a a few daggers.

The rest of the pay goes on to the cube tha love gives to Ghhrend.

The return to the nest.

Spear leaves with Love.

And William stares at Spear and Love and clenches his guantlet hand.

Kirra says, ,,Remember Myst and Riehgn.'' She hums the hum and steps into the hall.

William breathes and stares and stesp.

Love leads Spear to room with shodows soldiers standing before hall door. Love and Spear have sex.

The live six lights to the next fight. Spear leads.

The nest grows with gems and straw, and small figures taken from the orc's big pouch. William hides some gold coins and gems in the nest. The nest grows a step from the hall door.

They hear the song of Reigh of Myst with Tune through the walls.

They fight.

Love leads the small pack to the dim and smoke areana with sheer seats and many balconies.

>Fight, Wililam,< sees Love. Her voice leaves a feeling of lose and disappointment in William's mind.

Kirra feels annoyed.

Spear feels hearth thump fast and heard and smells spread from Love and the blood of dead beast before. 

He looks at the wall and sees William leave to walk the hall.

William holds hammar. His ong sword is strabbed to back in a cloth sheath. The chain shirt is strapped with leater starps. Hid hides hild muscled legs tight. The cut on his arm near healed and wrapped with a chain wrap. He stes from hall to sees...

A dwarf stands at other end of ring. His thick arms raise a short sword and small shield shining bright with some light shining throug the smoke. Black and red studded leather soldiers suits covers body. A chain mail shirt hangs blacok over chst. A black coil of leather is starpped over head. His beead braids tie around neck like a protetive amror piece.

The dwarf steps in cirlce with words and shield raised and head bobing up and down with a calm clap. 

The talk murmrus and the smoke hang.

The claps stop as William steps into the dime ring. The murmur quiets. Some one clears throat.

The dwarf spins and throws a small axe with arm strapped with small shield. 

William ducks and covers head, and axe hits his shield and guantle.

The growd laughs. A group fo voices says, ,,HUNNNNN...''

The dwarf gladiator Hunnnn  rushes William. 

Wiliam lowers then raises shield and pushes back steppsing and swinging blind hammar.

Hunnnn hits away William's hammar with shield and slices swords at Willliam's leg.

,,Hunnnnnn...,' says one loud voice of the crowd.

William lifts and hops and falls, lifts shield to block a swat of short sword.

Hunnn slams shield against William's face.

William drops hammar, rolls on back and grabs, Hunn's sword hand with guantlet.

Hunn slams William's nose with forehead.

William roars a squeezes guantlet and tosses Hunn.

Hunn is thrown back, to feet, and talks back.

A few clap.

Hunn raises amrs and slowly walks around starring into the crowd and bobbing head.

,,Hunnnnnn,'' says a group.

,,KILL THE HUMAN!'' shout one.

As hun turns around with arms raired, William grabs hammar, drags it and body to a stumble stand. He turns in time...

A hand axe flies at face.

William raises shield, side steps and punches with shield stricking face of Hunnnn. He follows through with shoulder.

Hunnn stumble twists and hits short sword against Willaims back.

A sharp pains spikes spine. 

Williams turns and swings hammar to hit away the shield of Brunn.

Both warriors stand with legs standing side by side. Shieleds and weapons riases. The side step around the center looking at the other.

Brun snarls and raisea sword and shield and pumps arm the brings shield arm down in an arch.

William sees a hand axe leave Hunnn's hand and fly.

William ducks, spins and throws war hammar.

The hand axe flies over head. 

The war hammar hits Hunnnn in the chest. 

William spins, pulls long word from sheath.

Hunnn ducks and stumbles and holds throat. 

Williams stands, swings swords.

Hunn flicks arm and throws axe. 

Axe flies toward the crowd and hits an inviible wall. 

William's swords slash near Hunn's chest as he back peddles and lifts shield by head. 

Williams slices and swing sword hiting back the shield and cutting Hun's elbow, cutting leather and making sparks fly as the swords hits the studs on the leather.

Hun parries William's swing. He screams a raor and rushes William. 

William steps back and slams shield into Hunnn punching hunn from path. He sweps foot tripping hunn to ground.

Hunnn falls to ground. 

William stabs the back of Hunn's head.

Murmur spreads. 

William grabs war hammard, the axes and huns body. He pulls body past Kirra.

Kirra stands and walks before Love sees to all, >|Fight, Kirra.<

Kirra bends lower when passing William and grabs an axe. She steps, runs and throws axe at the head of a sihloutte standing with hips at side.

Axe flies from hall to pit and into the sihloutte. 

The sihlouette fall to ground.

Kirra runs from the hall, stabs a fall human wearing a gi, laying on back, with an axe in head. 

Kirra grabs the neck and pulls the body from rings smaering blood from ring to hall.

PAIN LIKE SPINE PUSHED INTO BRAIN SPREAD FROM HEAD THROUGH BODY. 

Kirra falls to knees. She clenche head to push the pain away then thinks the vibration and hum felt during the light and lets the thought of sound spread the pain around body. 

Kirra stands. She walks and pulls the dead warrior along all. She sits with body aching and head pumping.

>|NO!< mental shouts Love.

The her voice sooths to Williams and Spear like messaged muscles. >|Fight, Spear.<

Spear stands and glances at Kirra sensing her paing. He peers at William feeling the rage of jealously think through his mind be beat with his heart.

Spear teps with and claws. He see though the darkness of the hall. He sees the open pit, but feels the presense of a warrior in the pit. He smells the sweat of a hugoblins and hears the sound of a heavy breathing. 

A hugoblin wearing manicas, fascias, a cuirass, a galea, and a galerus. The galerus covers the right shoulders and arm with finger long spikes and end at the manicas. The gladator holds a spear and a short short. 

Click and clacks clack from its mouth as it was around the end of the pit.

Spear stands at the end of hall and smell Kirra's blood.

The hugoblins gladiator twists and throws the spear and Spear.

Spear grabs the spear. 

The gladiator pulls another short sword from back sheath and crouchs down and sides steps around.

Spear raises spear and reachs arm back for throw.

The gladiator side steps while crouched with sword and shield held to side. The center of the cuirass glems lion's head. The lion face of the Galea pokes out with a big snout. The dark green skin is dim against the shinning spikes of the galerus.

Spear jabes then pokes with the spear. 

The gladoatr blocks with shield then side swipes with sword. An echo voice roars from the lion head helm. The gladiotor slaps sword on sheild. 

Spear and the gladiator side step a circle while faciing the other. William jabs spear, and the gladiator.

The gladiator roars and shakes head and helm, swats the spear. 

They circle the ring twice. 

Spear staps. 

The gladiator swats the spear and rushes Spear with shoulder low, steel spikes twinkle. 

Spear swings spear, leaps from the charging gladiator.

The spear breaks. Spear lands and steps back. The gladiator slashes sword from side nipping Spear's hip.

Spear wacks swords hand with broken spear. 

The gladiator shield punches and Spear and stabs at Spear.

Spear swats away the sword and punchs shield with hand-paw, pusnches and punchs leading attack on the side of the body with no spikes. 

Gloaditor steps back and to the side around Spear keeping Spear in the middle. 

Spear swats sword with Separ and punches shield. 

The gladiator raors and punches Spear's punch and swipes with sword, follows swing to pivot and lunges spiked shoulder and arm and Spear.

Spear leans away, drops broken spear, and grabs the wrist holdiing sword and connected to spiked armor arm. He pushes legs back and pulls leans opposite way twists, tosses gladiator.

The gladiator hits wall, roars and raises head to looks into the crowd.

Spear stands to full high three heads taller then the gladiator. Long limbs of human hybrid human rat form. He long leg-arms hang with long claws. He raises hands.
 
One shout, ,,IT IS SPEAR!''

Spear hits ground and hunches, and walks to side like an ape with arms swinging and brushing the ground.

The gladiator pounds sword against shield. He lows shield and sword to side and walks to Spear.

Spear stands and sways hunched letting hands brush the ground.

The gladiator steps, raise shield and sword,  slash sword down as the shield blocks Spear's punch.

Spear punches shield and dents it. He grabs the gladiator's wrist of hand holding sword, punches lion flace plate of the helm

The lion face dents. 

Gladiator's head whips back. His spiked arm with hand holding shield swings inward toward spear.

Forearm of spikes cuts Spear.

The Gladiator then pulls on Spear's hold.

Spear steps forward with force.

Forearm of spikes poke.

Spear grabs other wrist

The dance a circle around center. They push and pull.

They sweat and grunt. 

Spear kicks and kick  with foot and shin along leg. He kicks the shin guard and hip guard skina and knee.

The gladiator head pubches Spear's chest as Spear kicks leg.

Pain pounds through Spear's chect.

The gladiator's leg breaks.

The gladiator breaks from grap, swings arm and swipes arm spikes on Spear's hip with fall and his.

Spear punches back of gladiator's back. 

Gladiotor swings and swipes spiked arm over ground, stands on one knee and slashes sword at Spear.

Spear leans and step back. He raise arms to side and wide like a cross. He feel the murmur of talk spread. He feels the clap. 

,,IT'S SPEAR,'' someone says.

Spear hears. Spear feels danager in an instand.

A dagger flies at Spear and stabs shoulder.

Spear squeaks a squeak. 

The gladator lefts and shakes head while standing to a limb. Sword dangles. 

Spear steps, leaps, hits gladiator with head and shoulder the unspiked side of Gladiator. 

They fall. Spear pulls arm with spiks at ground.

The spikes hit glass. The gladiator's necks bends. The bronze warp around neck pulls up. Neck is exposed.

Spear bites throat. Tears throat and bites throat until body of gladiator is limb.

The crowd claps. They talk loud. One says loud. ,,IT IS SPEAR!"

Spear stands bleeding with pain. Cuts and bruise stink and thorb pain. Spear grabs dagger, sword and body and drags them along all hall to Willliam. Spear bundles the gladiator's weapn's and armor.

Love sits by Spear. Love and Spear lead to sell the weapns and armor.

Spear trades for a gold necklace, green rubies, a net, rope.

William gets 100 credit while kirra trades for a pouch.

They return to the nest. 

Spear weaves the rubies, gold chain and net in nest. 

Spear and Love leave the nest to the room with guards and have sex.

William peers envy as they leave.

Kirra and William sleep. They feel pain. The feel the hum and vibration of the song in the dark through the walls.

Six lights to fight with Spear leading. Spear wrestles for practice. William and Kirra spare with padded swords. 

The next grows up walls and around door making half the hall clutterd and woven fabric, plant and clothing weave.

Their wounds heal during the night. Scars remain.

They fight.

Love whispers pleasure and praise to William's and Spear's minds.

>Fight, Kirra,< sees Love.

Kirra sits.

A ring sounds through mind from an echo to a pierce.

Pain spreads from mind to head thorugh body. 

Kirra sits and stares thought dim darkness that shines brighter along the hall to the pit. She thinks of a tree and thinks of Jan and feels Jan blowing in the wind. The wind blows over her mind and through her body and blows away the pain for the ring. 

The sound is all Kirra feels, but feels no pain. 

Kirra sits. 

William sits and looks down the hall at the light io the bit. He sits next to Spear and stares wordless, thoughtless, painless. He sits waiting to hear Love's voice in mind command the fight. <Love will bed me if I wind the crowd. I need to win the crowd. A victory will be reward. A grand victory will be a trophy to praise. Where is she...> thinks William. He feels love's voice.

Love sess to William. >|Fight Spear for my touch.<

A thought of his body on Love's with Spear watching spreads from waist though body, mind, hand. William stand with swords in hand and steps at Spear.

Kirra blinks away a stare before William stands. 

,,Love is mind,'' says William. 

Kirra stands as William's sword raises for a down strike. ,,WILLIAM, Love control mind.'' She stands before William.

William stares through Kirra at Spear. 

,,I fight,'' says Kirra.

Love sees to William, >Wait my love. We will plan to be together. Our love will be...< Her voice blows warm through body.  
 
William's  heart of rage pumps with pounds of lust.

Kirra stares ate William. She walks along hall to pit. She sees an empty pit near. Sword and dagger a pulled from soft sheaths. 

The pit is the same pit. The pit is empty. A wisp of smoke float before. Chatter talks and clicks.

Kirra hears the chatter calm as she nears the tunnel. She runs all, dives and rolls like rock in ring of pit. Her knife and sword hold to side.

A scimatar slash from side of entrace. Another scimatar stikes along ground missing Kirra's rolling body.

Kirra rolls, kicks legs and leaps to a stand. She she swings sword back, and it clashes with scimitar. She finish twist with a turn and stabs dagger to hit near the hilt of the other scimitar.

The gladiator with scimitares whips rolls wrists and circles creating whirling blades. The gladiatros loos blouse shirt tied at waist and partted to show tight elven chain shirt. The gladiator pants billow like sails that are warrped around below the knee and around the waist. Thick hairless muscles of a being as thiick as Spear and as tall as Myst. His forehead and chin like Guile's.

The gladiaotr step-stomps toward Kirra with blades whirling circle.

Kirra leads the gladiator to wall steps and leaning away form the blades. She steps back.

The gladiator presses with a blade swining from flurries circles at Kirra's chest.

Kirra bends back  and tilts back head lets body fall and follows fall with a spin, a step and a strike. She throws dagger and slashes with short sword.

The sword hits blades to side. Dagger sticks in shoulder then falls with splat of blood as gladiator stumbles and swipes.

Gladiatro stumbles, and stands, swipes swords and raises the to side.

Kirra pulls dagger from belt. 

Gladiator swing scimitars and stomp steps at Kirra.

Kirra perrys and evades to the side. 

Them make s cicle.

The gladiator swipes and cuts kirras leater armor, hits her studded leather. 

Kirra stabs and slashes hitting the gladiatars wrist and cutting the blummed sleves, the vest.

They step around.

Scimiars swipe, Kirra ducks and leans back.

Kirra stabbs and thrusts hittings simitar and air.

The gladiatoar stands at side, hold on scimitar back and fences with the other.

Kirra stands parries and strikes as shes stands. 

The gladiator swipes down Kirra's sword, spin kicks, kicks Kirra's face. He slices swords and cucts leather armor and arm.

Blood falls. 

Kirra steps with stumble and throws dagger with force.

Dagger stabs the shoulder of gladiator.

Scimitar falls to ground.

Kirra throws another dagger hitting the gladiator's chests.

Gliadiator steps back with hand to chest and scimitaor swinging at Kirra.

The gladiator hits aside Kirras short sword and spin kicks hitting Kirrra with foot in checks. He spins to s a side stand facing Kirra.

Kirra steps, stands and down hacks at the gliadotor with a leap before coming to a stand after kick. Kirra hits the neck fo the gladiator.

Blood spreads from the gladiator's chest.

Gladiator twirls swords in circles and stomp steps at Kirra. 

Kirra's sword is hit and knocked from hand. The swords hits ground.

Kirra steps back and bends back and to the side evading swipes and stash. She ducks lowers and spins, grabs daggers  and stands at the center of the ring.

The gladiator swings a fuls circle with sword and side steps at the center. 

Kirra ducks and dogdge scimitars strikees. She steps and sways side to side in a dance with the sword. When she finds the dance with her partner the blade.

The gladoatirs slashes up and down.

Kirra ducks, bobs, throws dagger.

Dagger hits head of gladiator.

Gladiator falls dead.

A few people clap. Poeple beyond the darkness talk and murmur.

Kirra feels the pain of body spead. She stumbles as world goes faint then walks as she feels again. She grabs the foot of the warrior and pulls. Her shoulder and forarm feels a pump of pain. 

She steps through hall  and drops the leg of the gladiator and drops to knees on the floor. 

>Kirra, stand,< sees Love.

Kirra stands and walks the hall leaving the body in the hall and blood spearming along the glass wall. She steps and hears in mind. >|Kirra, grab and pull sthe dead body.<

Kirra steps along hall. A ring rings in mind. The ring spreads pain throug hmind. Kirra slumps to floor. 

Kirra and Spear, sitting on bench and watch Kirra. 

William thinks to stand to help Kirra, but things of Love and feels Love.

Spear feels only the fight, the race to fuck Love and fight.

William and Spear look at Kirra. 

And kirra sits. 

>|William, get Kirra, move body, fight,< sees Love to William.

William stands. He walks hall by Kirra and grabs the body. He pulls it past Kirra and lets leg drop by benches. 

>|William, fight,< sees Love.

William feels sex pleasure spread through body. His heart beats. His mind loses thoughts with focus foward thought hall.

From hall to ring, William walks with breast plate tight, longs sword gripped with leather glove covered hand, medium shield in other hand helm on head and chain shirt hanging over lether padding. Cuts over chest sting with pump. The scare of the Star of Reighn stings. 

William sees through the hall to the rind.

In the ring a near naked being sits louts on floor. The human being with skin as dark as Minst's raises arms and pumps sky.

A few people clapp. 

Murr spreas as William steps onto the ring.

The near naked gladiator wearong a bright white sheat wrapped around waist and between legs leaps from lotus to feet. His thins body rips with musles. 

Sweat gleames over the near naked gladiator's body. He pumps arms into hear and raors to a shout that become loud and piercing.

The murmrus become talks with the clasps from the dim dark and smoke.

The naked gladiatory shouts and a stare with body flexed and tense, legs spread and courched, arms bent with palms open. 

William holds shield and walks toward the nake gladiator. 

The naked gladiator stands ready near center.

William stands, raises shield before the gladiator and side steps to step to the flank while raises sword for strike. He steps and watches.

The naked gladiator stands in his stance looking forward and not turning head as William steps to side.

Williams steps forward with shield and thrusts shield at back of the gladiator pulls arm back for swing waiting for seconds for movement.

The gladaitor swings arm and hits forarm against shield.

William slashes sword at the legs.

The naked gladiator leeaps over swords swipe, twists body in air and strikes palm against the shield.

The shield bends, and a shook shoots through shield, guantlet and arms. 

Before the shock shakes from body, the naked warrior kicks the shield from hand and gauntle.

William staps long sword at the naked gladiator.

Naked gladiator glances away.

Willlaim stand and tried to close his fist. 

The naked warrior hopes from foot to foot as it begins to hop dance aroun dwillliam.

A few claps calm to silence.

William watches the daances and steps and hold sword ready to strike while trying to close hands.

The naked gladiator leaps tumbles, leaps and twists with feets flappig like fan. 

William swings sword and swats with open guantlet hand.

The naked warrior steps away for the Willlam's palm strike and swords swipe.

The shock vibrates from william.

The gladiator's foots whips, snaps head and pushes the warrior on step away from William.

William's jaw pulses, and a ring vibrates through head, neck and body. He closes fists, he twirls sword, slash and pokes. He stabs the bicpes cutting skin.

The naked gladiator spins and kicks William's jaw. He make clicks and clacks and glaps hands. 

William steps back and stares, grab war hammar hilt with guantlet hands and sheaths swords while stepping to stoop and picks pu shield with bare hand.

The naked warrior hops side to side letting arms and hands whip with bounce. The gladiator shouts and smiles.

William grabs shield and hilt of hammar. He hits hammar against sheild. The shock spreads thorugh hands then steps swings war hammar in a circle over head should and low over the ground.

The naked gladiator steps and leans back letting the hammar head arch past chest and head. His leaned back and piviots torse waist and thrust bunch at shield.

The hammar swings a ciclar up and over had and shoulder as William tosses shield at the flying fist at shield. 

The naken warrior hits shield. Shield knocks an flops and falls on arm of naked warrior.

The hammar head swingss ith William's arm and smacks the forearm of the warrior with a crack.

The naked warrior kicks foot between William's legs kicking steel crotch of hip plates under hide.

William feels a shock and a bend of steel. His legs go numb and lock.

The naked warrior lets broken forearm hand by side as other arm strikes open palm on the flat of William's face.

William's head wipe back and snaps. Body shocks. Swinging arms lets go of war hammer. War hammer flies up and into the dark. William stumbles back and falls. with a huff. William's mind vibrates and floats, knocks and bounces in mind. Williams helm and armor clatter.

The crowd around claps and a few laugh.

William hears no laugh or claps, but feels only a vibrations and sees blurrs.

The naked warrior is one big blur that raises arm and opens palms. The gladiator click and clack and claps.

William rolls to side. 

the naked warrior crouchs and leaps leading fall at William. Soles of feet flat.

William's guantlet fist swings at the blurr, grabs a foot and pulls.

The naked warrior falls and side. A soft palm strikes William's chest and William lays on side.

William feels and sees through the blurr of the vibration and face pain to grab the soft palm of naked gladiator. His guantlet hand squeeze ankle and other arm pulls the muscled warrior close.

The naked warriors punches William with broken forearm and pulls body in to hit William's nose with forehead.

William's sight goes black and head numb.

the guantlet fist clenchs and crushes the ankle of the naked warrior. 

The naked warrrior kicks with one good foot and pulls away hand and kicks of guantle arm.

William's body flops from side to back. William feels body, but head feels to float away. A song sings in his mind and time his sight finds. The sight is blurred and pumping.

The dark dim around glows closer. 

William feels a foot sting shacke through breast blate. Like hit with a jolt of lighting, William's body kicks and kick and kicks at and away from the naked warrior.

The naked warrior pushes and pulls away from William with arm and let. He moves with butt to cruchs to stand on one legs. 

William's blood spreads over face in into eyes darkening the blur as he crawls on back with elbows and feet away form the naked warrior. His swords scabbard scrapes over the scabs, dust and glass.

The naked warrior clack loud hops and half-steps on broken twisted angle.

William breathes a blood bubble, hits class wall and push self up wall to a stand.

The naked warrior hops, twists, spins like a top flying foot connect to broken ankle onto the head of William.

Willaim's head jerks and body sways.

The naked warrior spins on fort at william with a spinning back fist at William's neck.

Willaim's gauntlet hand raises and hits the first and grabs.

The naked warriors spins, and arm pops from socket. Skin tears. Mouth screams. Body falls.

William slides down the wall leave bits of smeared blood. He sits against wall, stares through blurred sight and vibrating pain.

The naked gladiator lays still on the floor of pit. Blood spreads from arm and leg. Mouth hangs open and eyes stare into the glass floor.

Through the vibration ring, William hears a few people clap and one laugh. 

>William, my love, you must drag to body from the floor for our great victory be  seen by all and a victory,< sees loves purring voice to William's pulsing mind.

William lifts head and pushes to hands and knees. He slides knees forward, crawls, stands, and stumbles, clasps the broken ankle, pulls.

The ankle bends. Skin tears. Blood seeps.

Blood smears as William limps and pulls the body toward the hall. He falls and stands and pulls.

In William's mind, he feel the blow from Love's purr clarify the blurr of sight and pain of thumping head. 

Darkness falls as he drags self and naked warrior along hall to benches. 

William sits on the floor then lays on the floor.

>Fight, Spear,< sees Love to Spear's mind.

Spear stands and steps over William's laying body and down hall. He sniffs and smell William's sweat, blood and a tang like sulfur pits near Dark Barrons.

Spear feels rage and calm, excitement pumps into body through pores. He hears clicks and stand. A sharp chirp like a big cricket plays from the dark hall.

The murmurs of surface talk and goblin tongue spread.

Spear steps from wall and watches the other hall. Through the hall and from darkness a giant bug surries into the ring.

The bugs giant preymantis-like body raises to a head height taller than Spear. It's head pointine with big beady eyes look at Spear. The two antenna on top of hears wiggle like tales. Two pinchers at bottomof head near a black hole rubs and vibrate a chirp. It thoax spans as two segments below the head. Each segmanet has two arms making forarms spread wide. 

,,THRI-KEEN KILLER!'' shouts one.

A few soft claps slap away. 

The thri-keen gladiator holds a shield and short sword with hand of arms. A halberd with hook on end of hilt spands from the hand of the arms of the upper segmanet of the thorax.

Spear huffs. And growls a squeak and lifts and brousts chest.

A few shout, ,,IT IS SPEAR.''

Thri-keen Killer lifts the halberd and spins it above head. 

Spear stands shuffle steps side to side and back as Thri-keen Killer swings the halberd in a circle while circling over head. The sword bangs and shield.

Spear watch the spin of halbert and steps with the Thri-keen Killer.

The Thri-keen killer spins halberds, lets claw hand slide shaft to bass, grib and swing the pull arm axe head hear Spear's head.

Spear bend heads below the blade and smacks the halbert shaft with forearm.

The halbert cracks and twirls from into wall. 

Spear grabs shaft and pulls. 

Thri-keen Killer pulls and swing swords and raises shield to head.

Spear pulls shafter and leaps at the Thri-keen Killer. He reaches for the hand holding swords and throws shoulder into ehield. 

The Thri-Keen Killer scratch Spear's muzzle and nose. 

Spear grabs the swords hand. 

The pole arm shaft slaps against Spear back as pincers bite Spear's shoulders. 

Spear grabs and hand with holding the shield.

Thri-keen Killer drops halberd, hits and scrapes back of Spear wiht upper arms while pulling and pushing lowerarms with Spear.

The pulls and push an dance a circle in the center or ring.

Thri-keen Killer's claws dig into Spear's flesh.

The pain spreads and stings and pumps rage through William.

The dance. Blood spreads over Spear's back. Fur fluffs and falls, floats.

Clawed feet and had claws step on fur and blood.

The Thri-keen Killer holds Spear's and scrapes othe claws along back to arm pits and pulls.

Spear relases and a roars, flexes arms, pulls arms wide and lifts feet off ground two chest and kicks out at the Thri-kenn Killer.

He hold the two lower lower limbs and legs push agains teh lower thorax.

The Thri-keen Killer's exoskeleton craks around the lower arms and over the thorax. 

The Thir-keen twists and wips. It diggs the sharp claws of upper arms into the armpits of Spear.

Spear hold and sways as arm flex and muscles pulse as legs pushiing and crack the lower thorax of the gigantic bug.

The Thir-keen leaps lifting both it and Spea from the ground into the haze of smoke and dim af dark.

They land. William hits back against floor. the Thri-keen Killer lands and Spear and bends lowers body and long thick legs to ground. It bites Spear's shoulder and stabs Spear's armpits.

Spear kicks and pulls.

SNAP!

The lower thorax cracks as arms pulls free.

Yellow oozes spreads from arm holes.

Thri-keen Killer bites Spear's furry chest and scraps a cut from Spear's arm pits to Spear's shoulders as Thri-keen Killer screeches and thrashes about.

Yellow ooze flies and splats and spears.

,,IT IS SPEAR!,'' hollers one from crowd.

Spear doesn't hear. Spear feel pain cuts and bleeding. His broken rib floats and staps and he rolls to side, as he tosses the two thri-keen arms, as he grabs the shaft of the halberd with only a sickle end.

Rollling and thrashing both clam and clutch weapons, Spear and Thi-keen Killer stand to face th other.

Yellow and blood cover. Bug eyes and animal eyes peers and star.

Thri-keen killer holds sword and shield. Thick legs wobble. Yellow goop spread from limps and around the broken exoskeleton. 

A stench of shit rot fumes through ring.

Spear holds the sickle. He breathes heaves and feels the pain in chest. He swings.

Thri-keen killer swipes at Spear.

Spear swings pole and sickle. 

They step apart, around the center.

,,THRI-KEEN KILLER!'' shouts one from the dim.

,,IT IS SPEAR,'' shouts another.

Spear steps with the sting of ribs and chest and the shake to shutter through the body a shock.

Thri-keen Killer strikes shield with swords and chirps. 

Spear raises arm and sides steps a circle while circling pole arm with sickle end above head. 

The pole and blade circle around Spear, near the glass wall, near Thri-keen Killer.

The keep and distand as Spear twirls and twirls and twirls the pole and sickle end.

Thri-keen Killer swipes at sickle blade.

Sickle blade spin's with Spear's arm, then spins over ground.

Spear throws the spinning sickles over the flat pit floor at the Thri-Keen's step. He steps and runs after the twirling pole, rushes at Thri-kenn Killer.

Thri-keen killer leaps from a stand and at Spear. Its swords swings at Spear.

Spear leaps with steps and slams shoulder against shield and head into the broken thorax. His forarm hits the forearm of the arm holding the short sword.

Thri-keen Killer kicks with sharp bug claws and hits Spear's legs.

They collide.

The crowd cheers and claps.

Spear and Thri-keen Killer falls and hits the ground. 

Spear pounds fists at the thorax squiching guts and soft flesh.

Thri-keen killer's legs and arms spasms. Arms and legs scratches Spear and shakes and tremors.

Spear cuts, bleeds and punchs.

Thri-keen killer lays calm.

Spear lays in pain.

,,IT IS SPEAR,'' shout two people.

A few claps.

Spear feels rip flat and stab. He feels cuts sting and throb. He can't riaise an arm as it is number from the shoulder to hand. Blood flows from arm pit.

Thri-keen Killers body lays still. Blood spreads.

Murmur talks from darkness.

Spear pushes to knees and wobbles to stand and stumbles to step. He walks and drags to get sword and shield. He stabs the sword into Thri-keen Killer and hooks shield upon the swords. Spear grabs Thri-keen killer's body and pulls.


Spear pulls the body along the hall and sits next to Kirra and Willam.

Both William and Kirra stare at the dead bodies on flooor.

>You take. We go. We sell. You rest,< sees Love's feels and surface talk words to pack's minds. >|We take the body of the thri-keen to the market to sell<

A few swords and pieces of armor are gathers. I ring is found on the near naked warrior's hand. William hold ring. 

They walk to the see the armor. They carry the tri-keen body to the halls and rooms and to the nest.

The nest spans a few steps into hall. 

Kirra, Spear and William leave the body of thri-keen by the door. They wearve bits of rope and fur and a few more gems into nest. They drink and eat and clean wounds.

Fffgrillla pulls cart to nest. He says, ,,You have a thri-keen to sell!''

Kirra, Spear and William leave the body of thri-keen by the door with Fffgrillla. They take bandages and leaves wrapping salve. Kirra, William and Spear wrap wounds and 

They sleep. They rest, clean and run for food scrapes.

They follow Spear. 

William and Spaer look for Love. 

They hear the song during the night and wake with scares and sore muscles. 

The stabs wounds in Spear's armpit heal with the skin remain bare and sore.

Six lights pass.

Bodies heal. 

The nest grows.

Love appears mid shine through the sixth fight. >|Stand, follow, fight.<

The pack stands. They grabs armor and weapons. They follow Love.

Love leads the three to the same glass bench to the same glass hall that leads to the same glass bit.

A few haflings srub blood from the walls and sweep bits of cloths and skin.

The huge hairy human that raped William pulls body of orc down the hall. 

William clenches swords, stands.

>STAY,< mental shout Love to William's mind.

The word and force feel to hold William's body and stay. 

William flexes.

The huge hairy human  was down the hall pulling an orc points and laughs. ,,My bitch.''

William glenches guantlet hand, raises the first.

Spear catches William's hand, and William feels a ring pain through mind. 

Pain numbs William's body. William kneels and falls.

The huge hairy human laughs and pulls body of orc past William, Spear, Kirra.

Before Kirra can squeeze her dagger hilt, a loud thump like that of a bell dongs through her head. 

The huge hairy human walks away. 

The pain through Kirra and William vibrate and echo away. 

>Fight, William,< sees Love to William's mind.

William grabs sword and shield from floor. He looks along hall, stands and steps along glass hall. He pounds feet. He sees a silhouette flow from the opposite hall. 

The silhouette becomes a lizardman taller then William.

Its darkgreen scales glisten from lizard head to lizard tale. It's body like a big human with a lizard head and tail with scales all over. A tongue long and forked flicker and slap the arroy. It's back eyes peer everywhere. The scales cleam an shine and flow under Armor. The armor shines silver with a few dents on breat plate and hip plates. 

The small buckers shield has spikes. The sword hilt and has a spike on the end. The sword's long blade is twirled with on hand then held by two. 

The lizardman gladiator hisses and lets tongue flicker.

William runs the hall and the dark, grabs dagger, throws dagger, runs after dagger.

Lizardman ducks dagger, side steps and side swipes the shield, hits William.

William falls to the ground. Sword flies and slides away. He holds sword and stands, lifts swords, hits the big bastard sword of lizard man.

the lizardman's tongue flickers and licks. 

William smells rot stench. 

The bastard swords strikes and knocks William's sword near face.

William slides sword blade to the lizardman's sword, grunts and clenches away burning pain over back.

The lizardman lends and presses, kneels to push its blade closer to William's neck.

William slides hilt to hilt and pushes to side, pulls blade and fist to hit floor.

The lizardman swing arm, and buckler smacks William's face.

William bleeds and pulls sword and shuffles back to a stands. 

The lizardman stands from knees and spins. Tail sweeps floor, trips William's legs. 

William falls and hits wall. 

the lizarman's large lizard foot kicks at William's head.

William's drops sword to grabs lizard's foot with both hands and twists. He sweeps legs at the other foot.

The other lizard foot lifts and the lizard tail holds the lizard man steady and other foot falls and the foot William hold kicks loose.

The lizard mans stumbles back.

William pulls warhammar from hip and stands, swings.

War hammar hits away the lizardman's bastard sword.

The lizardman swing swords at Williams slashing and swinging. 

William hits and parries the strikes with back against the wall. 

Clicks and clangs hit. A few sparks fly. 

William slides along with wall. 

The lizardman steps with William along the wall keeping the pressure about. 

The lizardman strikes with bastard sword. 

William raises warhammer to block. 

He ducks and leans to aviod a couple of punches. 

William tries to swing hammer, but hammer heard swings past the lizard face as the lizardmans slices bastard sword at hip.

The sword hits William's hip plate. The hip plate breaks and falls. Dull pain spreads through William.

The lizardman's swatch bastard sword. Bastsword hits William's hammer and hammer falls to ground.

As the hammer falls, William steps, ducks and runs from wall and his sword laying on floor near the lizardman's entrance. He feels a sword tip cut his leather and skin. He ducks and grabs sword and runs around the ring with the lizardman chasing.

The lizardman chase William with slashes of sword back and forth.

A few people in the dim dark stands laughs. 

William runs to side, ducks and spins away from the lizardman's sword swipes and runs to other side. William swings a sword swipe to clear an opening and then run to the other side of the ring.

The lizardman steps and chases William with bastard sword swinging and swating at William as William shuffle steps back and away.
They create a circle.

William ducks and parries.

The lizardman steps and swings and swings. The steel breast plate, metal plates for arms. Its nose flares and contractes. Its mouth hangs open showing rows of triangular teeth. It slices and steps. Its large tail tip drags over ground.

William runs to one side, waits.

The lizard man charges swatting.

William ducks swings and spings and steps fast backward.

A back swing from the lizardman's sword cuts William's chainmail, leather and armor.

William grabs hammer and steps to other side.

The lizard man turns with steps and with nose flariing and contracting. It's chest heaves. The long flickering long hangs a little longer. The lizardman hisses, stands.

William stands and steps strarring and the lizard man with shield riase before body and sword raised for strike from side.

The lizard man and rushes at William, spits and swings bastard sword at William's shield.

The spit flies as fast as an arrow at William's face.

William riases shield and ducks heads steps away and back from the swinging bastard sword.

Bastard swords hits shield. Lizardman spit slashes.

William steps and and swings long sword.

The lizard-spit drop splashes William's cheek. His shield dents.

William's swords hits bracers on Lizrardman's forearm.

Sulfer fumes blow through William's lungs.

William coughs and cages. His sight burns. Eyes stink.

The lizardman heaves, breaths and bashses bastard sword against Williams sword.

William's sword dents. He stares through burn, sees green and silver blurr and swings. He shuffles back fast and hits wall, ducks and runs to the other side of the rings.

The lizardman swings tail to try and trip William.

William stumbles, steps, hits wall. He drips shield. He rolls along the curved wall as the lizardman charges.

Lizardman swings and dents Williams' shoulder plate.

William swing hand with guantlet to catch the blade or hand of the lizard man, but grabs only air.

William back steps back fast as the bastard sword tip swiings before face and chest.

As he steps from the lizard man, William grabs a dagger under hip plate and leather belt. He swings sword, steps close to wall turns with swing hitting the bastard sword way and stepping away. Eyes cool, but tears blurr. 

William jumps.

The lizardman's tail twists and slides tail over floor and under jumping William. He finish twist and leaps with sword swinging.

William swings guanttlet at the lizardman's bastard swordforward hitting its shoulder into William. 

Lizardman's mouth bites William's neck. 

The tin band around William's neck bends and presses on leather strap around neck.

William's sword swings then stabs between the torso plate and hip plates of the leather mans armor.  William's sword stabs lizardman's hip. Swords slides stops, slips from Willaim's hand.

William and lizardman hit ground. 

Lizard man bites and tail beats William's lets. Its hands grab William's arms.

William shakes head and neck and pulls and punches head with guantlet and receahe for another knife. William can't breath.

The lizardman bites and holds the bare hand of William. The lizardman looses grip of guantlet hand.

Guantlet hits lizardman's head.  

Lizardman bites tries to grab the guantlet.

Guantlet fist slams William's head.

William feels neck squeeche. He punches.

Guantlet hits the lizardman's head. 

The lizardmans nostrels flare and mouth nossle slips from William's neck. Its face bleeds. 

William punches and coughs, gags. Sting and burn spead through neck. Guantlet fist punches and punches face and mouth of lizardman.

The lizardman kicks and pushes aways. It's face bleed. Its chest heaving. It crawls and wopples. It whips its tail. Tail tip hits, cuts Williams cheek.

William punches ground. 

Glass cracks. 

The lizardman rolls and back and gurgles blood.

William pulls knife from back and punches and glaws with guantlet over the glass floor. 

the lizardman lays, breaths, coughs. It swings swords. 

William reacches and grabs the lizardman's tail, pulls and punches guantlet fist against face. 

The guantlet fist looks to shoot a ghost fist from hand and slam into the through the face of the lizardman.

William feels warm flow from the guantlet. He feels the pain fade. He feels rage consume. 

The lizardman rolls to side heaving with breath and swinging arms wild. A clawed hand scrapes William's hand on tail.

William's fist punches and punches.

The guantlet break the mouth, the eyes, the skull. 

William punches the face of the lizard until the guantlet fist cracks the floor. 

Then the warmth become cold. The cold become pain. And the pain cosume. 

William's face is cut and bleed. His hand drips of blood. The scare on back throbs. His lungs and nose drips with salavia and blood. He raises his hands and shouts. 

He shouts to silence then looks into the dim darkness and smoke haze. He hangs his head and slumps and stands.

A few claps lead the murmur talk from the dim dark. 

William limbs and clenches hands. He grabs swords and sticks them the lizard then pulls the lizard from the pits. 

,,WILLIAM WESTMORE!'' shouts a deep voice from the dim dark.

William feels a rush and from the rush has the strength to step and pulls the big lizardman through the hall and the bench.

As William sits with a hunch, Love says, >Fight, Kirra.<

Kirra looks at the lizardman grabs dagger and swords, stands walks the hall. She stares at the pit. She walks to the pit and stands and side steps from the path of the opponent hall.

Murmurs murmur. Smoke blows with puffs from the dim darkness.

Spit drops and sprays. 

Kirra steps away. 

Laughter spreads and silences with whispers.

Kirra holds dagger and swords low. She listen and watches the hall. She hears the scrape of armor and mouth breathing.

The scrape of armor and mouth breathing breathes from darkness then from a huge hairy human with gray bread and hair covering white skin. Dark eyes stair through gray hair and between nose guard and edge of gray bucket helm. Gray hair become gray bread, and hair and beard grows around collard over gray plate armor from shoulders to beast around hips and waist. A dark gray chain shirt hands hunder plates. Tan leather amor hands from the human's wide waste and thick legs. 

Kirra stands and watches. She steps, holds swords and watches the gray warrior.

Gray Stone lifts a double headed axe with both hand and rises axe head above head, pumps arms and grunts, spits. ,,Gray Stone will kill you now,'' says the human gladiator.

Kirra smirks and spits. She stands and stairs with swords half held.

Gray Stone shouts and steps. Axe swings and swipes. Gray stone begins a dance of spins and ducks swinging the double headed battle axe with both and hands with twists and turn. The battle axe dance dances toward Kirra.

Kirra stands and watches the flow and beat of Gray Stone's dance. 

Gray Stone steps and swings. Axe swings along side at Kirra.

Kirra pushes back hips and bend back to curve from the axe bath.

Gray Stones' armor plated shoulders slams Kirra's head.

Kirra falls no ground and lays still. Long sword falls from hand.

Gray stone spins with swings  and steps to a stand above Kirra with axe held by both hands above head. 

Kirra lays still. Her eyes are closed and head lays to side. Blood smears face and drips from nose.

Grays stone shouts. ,,GRAY STONE WILL KILL YOU NOW!.''

A few people clap.

Kirra grabs knife rolls, stabs foot then stabs long sword between legs of Gray Stone.

Gray Stone's shout stops with a cracking voice. His hands drops and axe falls.

Kirra rises and pushes the shorts sword between Gray Stone's legs and stands between the body and axe.

Axe falls to ground.

Gray Breard stumbles back and grabs Kirra. 

Kirra push and falls with Gray Beard.

Gray Beard grabs Kirra's neck.

They hit ground as Kirra grabs dagger.

Gray Beard breathes and breathes sucking in cold breathes. 

Kirra stabs Gray Beard's neck.

Gray Beard's body spread soft over floor. 

A few people laugh from the darkness.

A long stream of smoke blows over Kirra and the dead Gray Bread. Smell of sage spreads.

Kirra pulls knife. She gathers armor and the axe and drags the big body of Gray Bread along the hall to bench. She sits with feet on Gray Beard.

>Fight, Spear,< sees Love to all.

Spear stands, steps over Gray Beard. He walks the hall thinking nothing, but feeling the heat and the humidity. He smells the cinnimon and the sulfur fumes of the lizardman. He sees a thin form of an elf. 

The elf steps in strides that create lines and curves long its thing frame. A black elvenchain mail, like the on Minst wore, but this black elvenchain glimmering with glimmers from red spikes. The elf's flow hair seems to blow and bounce with a wind that doesn't exist.

the elf hair flow around back and a short bow, quiver of arrrows and two short shrot sword all strapped to back.

The elf steps from sihlouette to being. It brown skin like dirt and hair is as black as a raven. Its oval eyes peer at Spear.

Spear stepes and crouch, bends back to lower heigh and strcht arms.

The elf reaches and grabs short bow and arrow and lowers hands loading bow and firing. 

Spear raise arm over head. 

Arrow sticks into Spear's arm.

The elf pulls and fires another arrow.

Spear grabs arrow, hunches, puts huge front paws on ground and springs at the elf.

The elf fires another arrow with bow steps to side and spins hooking bow and pull short from sheath on back.

Spear feels arrow cut shoulder and claw hand paw punch the elf's shoulders.

The elf twirls like a top with short sword swinging, cutinng Spear's shoulder as the elf's should goes limp and arm hangs.

The elf stands and peers and Spear.

Spear steps smelling his own blood and tobacco smoke float. Spear feels time slow and stretch and move...

The elf side steps and back peddles swinging sword at Spear.

Spear steps and crabs the swords and twists. 

Sword falls from elf hand. 

Elf hand and arm pulls and slide through the grip of Spear, pull dagger and slash Spear's snout.

Spear paw punches the elf's face. 

The elf steps and spins away from Speaer. 

A few people through dim shout. ,,DANCE FOR ME.''

The elf hops back from Spear to other wall with a few steps and a prance with arms weaving and swooping behind back to grab bow and an arrow.

Spear leaps to hall.

Arrow flies away to wall then shoots and the elf lepas back before the opposite door firing an arrow.

Spear lands and leaps at elf.

Arrow and Spear meet in center. Arrow sinks into Spear's chest.

The elf stepst to a stop and steps into hall.

Spear lands and swipes. Hits door frame and punches elf in chest.

Bones snaps.

A few shout. ,,IN THE RING DANCER!''

A few boos. 

The elf stumbles and screams. 

Spear steps near doors threshold and feels magic radiate from the hall. He punches at the elf falling into the hall. 

Spear feels the burn. `

The elf falls and rolls, stands and leaps putting bow on back and pulling short sword from sheath and leaping between Spear's leg.

Spear punches the elf's back.

Elf dives at legs and roll through legs and tucks with short sword in hand and bow on back to rolls and leaps and spin to slash Spear's hip.

Spear's hip pivot's with legs and waits. Spear side jumps with a back fist to the elf's head. Clow tips scrapes elf face. 

The elf steps to ground and leaps to its Wane from Spear.

Spear punches the trace of the elf's image  and stumble steps to the center of the ring. He feels a sword about to stab back. He follows stumble to a clumbsy roll of his big body to ground. He rolls and crouchs and hops on all fours scurring from whirling blades of the elf.

The whirling blades of the elf cut air before spears hop and succry on all fours.

Spear crouchs and leaps abive the elf and blades and near the thick smoke haze to the opposite side of the pit. He swings sword at elf's blades.

The blades spark.

As Spear leaps and lands and swipes sword to face the elf with a croched stands with front paw hands near ground, the elf twists and sheaths short sword, pulls bow from back and arrow from quiver and firs bow at Spear's back. 

Spaer spins with a swing of sword. Spear lets the shorts sword fly over bit.

Arrow sticks in his chest.

The elf releases the bow string, arrow flies. The elf ducks and hair wipes with spins.

The short sword hits arrow and hilt hits ankle of elf.

Elf falls. 

Spear feels arrow tip nick tick against bone as he pounces and scurries and the twist, falling elf.  

The elf falls in furry of spins. He pulls hooks bow to back and pulls the sword from back sheath and twists, falls with palm and hilt loke doing a pushup then pushes arms and springs legs to leap toward the wall, kick agains tot the wall and leaps over Spear.

Spear lands on fours and feels the elf above, ducks and roll, grabs short sword and leaps to feet swings.

Two short sword meet in middle.

The elf says something that sounds like reverse surface talk.

Spear swing sword side to side stomping rear legs and pressing the elf.

The elf steps fact back letting Spear's blade slash past.The Spear flips and catch the shord sword blade and throws in like a dagger.

The short sword twirls through hair.

The elf hits the short sword aside, spins and steps with sword slice.

Sword cuts Spear's arm, breaks shaft of arrow.

Burnig pain spreads through Spears arm.

Spear reachs and claw paw grabs the elf's hair, pulls and rips.

Elf's head snaps back. Hair chunks rips from head. Hair falls.  Elf circles to a stands and walks away slice sword at Spear. The blade cuts Spear.

Burn spreads through Spear.

Spear grabs the sword hand of the elf and pulls.

The elft tires to tug and twist arm as his body lunges at Spear. 

Spear grabs and pulls sword arm and grabs shoulder

the elf grabs arrow shaft sticking in Spear's should and pushes. 

Spear tears muscles. Burn spreads through body. Pain pumps.

Spear yanks arm and pushes should gripping arm pit. 

The elf's sword arm bends at elbow and snaps. 

Spear grabs the other arm pulls and head butts elf's nose, then bites the neck.

Blood flows. 

The elf's body quivers. Spear bites until the snout closes and teeth squeeze head from neck.

The elf's body falls.

Three voice shout. ,,IT IS SPEAR!'' More clap. 

Spear stands. Boold drips from shout. Three arrows stick from body. Burn spreads from cuts through veins and skin. 

The world of Spear becomes fuzzy and blurred.

He feels tired and feels like sitting.

Spear crouch down and grabs the shorts swords and sticks them in the arms of the elf then grabs the elf's ankle and drags the elf through the hall.

The burn spreads and his hear slows. 

Spear falls on floor of hall before William and Kirra.

William stares and watches. 

Kirra stands and kneel by Spear's side.

>You must step away from Spear and allow me to hear the poison the gladaotor used,< sees Love to all the minds.

William sits and stares. He feels Love's voice command to sit. He looks at his warrior and pull of earings and a gold necklace.

Kirra pulls on arrow through arm and rips white sheet wrapped around waist and wraps around Spear's arm. She tastes the arrow tip and spits a liquid poinson. ,,Poison. William. We need to cut and suck.''

William hold gold earring and necklace and shrugs and leans agains the wall.

,,William!'' says Kirra. She glances rage and open cut and sucke, spits.

A small buzz shakines Kirra's mind.

Love's voice speaks forth. >|Wiliam listens, Kirra.<

Kirra sucks and spit and looks at the globe as the a mental ring raises. Pains spreads from head and along spine.

Love steps along the hall. Her curves wrap around the darkness pulling all light. to here breats and but in a black leather. He steps high heels over William's body and kneels by Spear.

Kirra tries to strike out at Love, but her muscles ring taut.

Love voice sees to all. >|William, stand and gather the items from Spear's warriors.<

William stands and kneels by the elf gladiator unbuckling armor and belts. 

Three shadow soldiers appear by William and Kirra. They grabs Spear's arms and legs and walk with Love. Love steps from hall. >|Follow me,< Love sees to all. >|The shadow soldiers will take Spear to the nest and meet the alchemist. We will sell the equipment then return.<

William stand and steps with a hobble adn skip with pain. Cuts over his body and back stink and swell. Pain soread through chest and arm with walk. The armor bundle pick at cut. Blood smears. 

The crowd parts for both Love, William and Kirra. The sell armor. Kirra keeps the shortbow and quiver of arrows. William tucks a the cold ring and necklace in a puchon belt. 

Love takes the Glass Credit Cube after William grabs it. >|We need healing potions and anti-poisons.<

,,Why they use poisons?' 'says Kirra.

Love sees and walks from the armor pavillion. >|They want to win.<

Love leads Kirra and William to the nest. 

Spear lays inside the next in cornor. His breath is short and quick. His stare at corner and jump back and forth.

A gray robed gnome hums and sing with lips near cuts and holes along Spear's body. 

William sits and stares, and Kirra looks over Spears cut.

As the gray robed gnome hums its last sound, Love walks the hall. Her high heel cruchs the nest growing up wall. 

Love sees, >|Drink these vials.< She walks to the gray robed gnoms and give him a vial. She tosses a leather sack on the ground by Kirra. >|You will see bandages, an aloe salve, alcohol and thread and needle to stitch. The green oooze will numb you skin.<

The vial si oepned by the gray robed gnome and the  gray ooze drops from vial on toa cut then cuts.

Kirra opens the sack as William stares at Love.

William traces the curves of her body as she kneels by Spear. His thumbing heart of jealuous rage pumps strong thant the stink and itch of cuts. 

,,You whore,'' says Kirra opening sack. She pulls out warps of bandage and salves.

William takes the vials given to him by Love and spreads the gray sluge over guts. ,,How?'' says William. ''His voice monotone and gone. He eyes stare at Love.

Love looks at Spear and rubs hands through his fur. 

Spear lays seeing long trails of blurrs follow the movement. The voices and talk are like chirps of birds. Spear stares and feels is heat thump. Pain spreads.

The gray salve and a green ooze is spread over cuts. Arrows are pulled out of body, and Spear doesn't move.

Love kneels and stands while Kirra and William tend to wounds. Her mental purr flows through their minds then her mental words. >|William, stand and follow me. I will care for you.<

And William stands with eyes on Love. He stares through the pain of cuts and bruises clean, but unwrapped. 

They stare. Love sees, >|I will heal you, William.<

Love steps and sees to all. >|Six lights to next fight.< She sees only to William's mind. >|Follow and you will be given Love.<

Love walks, and William follows Love from the nest.

Kirra says, ,,William, Spear is hurt.''

William neither pauses no looks back as Love walks from the nest, through the halls to the room guarded by shadow soldiers.

The room is no larger than then nest. a bed with gray billows and blush sheets span half the room. A small table with bottles and vials is pushed to one side  with a small tub on the other side. Steam raises from the water in the small tube.

>|Bathe, William,< says Love.

William nods and feels the want to be with Spear to help heal. William begin to unstrap the leater padding and chain shirt wanting to guard the nest. 

William gets nake and bathes in the water not watching the cuts on body heal and the bruises on body fade with white skin. He only sees Love slowly remove her leather pants and leather shirt. 

Love lays on the blush bed with panies and smooth dark skin flowing over firm hour glass body. Her fingers and hands run her legs then between her legs. While one hand remains to rub her pussy her other hand grabs breast and squeeze nipple. Love bites lips and sees to William. >|I want you in me, William.<

William splash from water and walks, crawls over bed to Love. 

Love and William fuck beyond the dark and near the light. 

The song singing through the walls 

Then the music stops. 

The walls dim dark, but globes of light size of flail ball.

Love purrs with thraot and sees with mind,  >|Wipe your body with towel.<  She leans and rolls on chest and breasts and grabs a glass sphere bottle. He tone arms raches and grabs bottle top and lifts a drop of red liquid.

William rubs towel over legs and balls; dick and butt. 

>|Stroke and show me your sword, William,< sees love.

William strokes his dick and stares at Love.

Love rolls back to bed and sits up on shoulders. One hand spreads tips of bottle to round belly button and pussy. One hand tickles finger on tip of nipple. >|Step near.<

William steps with stroke. His jaw hangs, and his eyes stare. 

Love lays with legs spread and finger rubbing pink between the firm dark green thights. >Lick me, William. Rub me with you hands.<

William drops dick and towel and water from stand to bed. Face drips water between legs and thighs. Lips kiss and tongue lickes Love's pussy. His lips and face press with hers and rub.

Love grabs William's hair with hands and holds his head. She purrs. >|Slow. Steady and with me. Begin licking patterns, find the dance and lead...<

Love lays and lets William lick and lick. Thighs shift and squeeze. Stomach flexes. Wet purrs.

Love's purrs and purrs. Her body moan in flexing waves...

Love and Wililam fuck. Sound of moans and grunts come from Love. 

The globe lights dim.

Then William lays calm. William sleeps.

William awakes alone in room.

...Spear and Kirra wake in the nest.

Spear stares and breathes through the dark.

Kirra blinks away the soft tune of rain falling over the purr of a cat warmed by a fire. Kirra blinks away the light shining through walls.

The light shines through the walls. The light shines through the nest on the floor and walls and the hall.

The nest covers floor walls of room and halls and from hte hall across.

A matted path lay through the nest. 

A space is cleared before the hall and room across from the center of the nest.

Feet step on the nest.

Kirra hears and feels the feet crunch the nest and grabs sword and dagger. 

The feet steps loud and clumsly. They stumble and limg then step like William: heavey and sure.

William walks wearing white cotten shirt and bands with bundles of dirty armor bundle in arms. 

The  smells rosebud and cinimmon spreads through the room feeling to blow away the musk and rot stense.

William looks at Spear and glances at Kirra as he pulls together his amror. He strips and inspects cuts and burises. He oulls on banages around wrists. He dress in armor and weaons.

Only a few glances look at Kirra and Spear.

Kirra doens't look at William. She cleans wounds and spreads slave over cuts. She cleans weapons. She sits by Spear looks at the arrow holes.

Spear lays. His muzzle nips a bit, and tongue licks teeth and snout. He peers at Willliam.

William locks the blet of the hip plates. He says, ,,We will eat. We will train. We will heal.''

,,You,'' says Kirra. She doesn't look at him. She looks at the hole in Spear's chest and feels Spear's pounding heat. ''You will go without me unless Spear goes with us.'' 

William clenches fists. ,,No talk.''

Kirra looks at peers. ,,Talk. Talk more. You and Spear.'' She glances back to Spear then William. ''Talk William. Sing with Myst.'' 

A ring sounds in Kirra's mind and spreads pain through spine. 

Kirra's body holds. ,,Myst.'' She stand against the pain. The pain in Minst's mind cools and numbs.

Love's voice sees to the minds. >|Every time is fight time, so you will see this every light. White light will remain bright during light. You will sleep together. You will follow William. William is the pack leader. You will follow William to gather. You will follow William to eat. You will follow William to train. You will follow William to eat. You will fight. You will eat. You will play. You sleep.<

Kirra smirks and looks away from William to Spear.

Spear stops lick arrow hole in chest and stands on all fours and walks to and stands behind William.

Kirra huffs and shrugs shoulders and tips head back. 

William steps from the nest. Spear follows. Kirrra jogs behind.

They eat. The run. They wrestle. They heal. The night comes. 

William and Kirra do not spare. Spear and William do not stare. They wrestle with others and eat adn think alone. 

William sleeps in the nest with Spear. Kirra sleeps in the hall.

The nest spreads as they weave fibers, cloth bits and bones.

Six lights shine then dim.

The songs hums through walls during sleep.

They wake on the six lights, follow William, return to nest.

Shadow soldiers stand in the shadows of the chairs and tables.

William leads the small pack to the benches. 

The wait for a group of goblins, a half-gaint and hairy human that laughs at William.

William clenches fist he grabs sword.

Love sees, >You will fight that one during battles.< She then sees. >|Fight, Spear.<

Spear walks on all fours along the hall. He smells goblins sweat and flint like fire. Warm speads along the hall. Smoke clears from the bit. 

A sihlouette stands in a billow of smoke. 

The smoke clears as Spear walks.

He hears a few claps and a whistle. ,,LIGHTING,'' shouts on from the dark.

The daard spreads above as Spear steps into the pit.

A human wearing a purple velvet robe. The rope covers shoulders and parts revealing a breats plate, chain shirt. A few plates of amor strapped around hops and legs. Black boot rise to the bottom of nees. Two hands with long fingers lift the robes sleeves. 

Spear drive a leap agains the pit wall and floor.

A light bolt sparks form hand and slams the wall. Bolts jump and arch around. 

Spear rolls and leaps an being, hits a invisible wall.

,,What do you want to see now?'' says the wizard warrior. he pulls apart robe.

,,Fireball,'' says one from the dark. A few clicks spread.

Spear crawls and walks and leaves at the spell casting gladiator.

The wizard clicks and clacks and snaps.

A ball of lights expands, and a fireball files at Separ as Spear flies.

The fireball expodes over Spear.

Spear falls with chest smoking. His hair burns. Burns seer. 

,,THE GREAT KILOM CREATES FIRE,'' say the wizard warrior. He step back and pulls a knife from under robe. He stands.

Spear scurries away and by the wall of glass. The fire pain spread and fades, but the smoke and smell remain. The rib in Spear's chest stabs chest. Arrow hole in chest stings.

Great Kilom throws open robe to reveal shining breats plate with a circle in the middle struck in half by a lighting bolt. The breatplate, the hip plates, and ankle and forearm braces reflect the colors of the rainbow. The purle leather padding spreads over arms and legs. 

Spear stands to full height, three heads taller than Great Kilomn, and he steps looking and waiting letting the pain be. He steps forward and to the side. He hold arms out and back hunched like a wrestler about to encage. 

,,What,'' says Great Kilon. ''Shall kill this beast.''
 
,,MAGIC MISSLE, GREAT KILOM,'' shout one. 

A few clicks clakck through the dark.

,LIGHTING!,'' shouts another. 

,,FROST TO FREEZE,'' says another.

While the request shout, Spear side steps along wall toward the wizrad warrior.

Spear limps. Chest aches with breath. Tight muscles stretch and feel to pop.

,,TIME TO FREEZE,'' says Great Kilom as he acts and shover, pulls a component back and smack hands.

Spear roars, leaps.

Great Kilom's hand clap then fingers spread and finger tips form a circle create a cone with hands. 

A cone of frost blowf from the cone hands to Spear.

Spear leaps into the cold. The cold spreads over Spear.

A clouds billows and fills the pit.

Spear's paw swings and hits Great Kilom's head. His body his Great Kilom to ground. Spear's snout bites at Great Kilom's neck.

A shock jotls Spear and seers Spear's tongue. 

Spear jerks back.

Great Kilom slashs dagger at Spear, but stabs only the ground. 

Spear rolls to a stand. Legs shocks and mucsles cramp. His chest throbs. 

The clouds hovers like a fog in the bit.

Great Kilom is a sihlouette to Spear. Great Kilom disappears from the ground.

Spear listsen and hears talking and clicks and clacks. He sees the fog swirl around.  He swings arms out.

Great Kilom appears as dagger stabs Spear's forearm. 

Dagger sticks into forarm.

Spear paw punches Great Kilom. He hits the breast plate and chain mail and grabs the breat plat and pulls.

Great Kilom mutter words and places a hand on Spaer's hand holding the breat plate. 

A shock jitters through Spear. 

Spear holds the breast plate, pulls. With dagger stabbed arm he reaches for Great Kilom's neck.

Great Kilom holds Spear's arm and shocks and pulls on the dagger in Spear's arm as he is pushed toward Spear.

Spear's grip on breast plate slips with jolts. Stabbing muscles cuttin pain numbs forearm and arm. Spear's head lurche forward and slams the face of Great Kilom.

Heads collide. There is s shimmer and spark.

A small clap slaps Spear's forhead.Great Kilom disappears.

Spear falls to the ground and rolls.

A lightening bolts shocks above Spear and hits glass wall.

Spear grabs a dagger on floor, peers through clearing smoke and fog. 

Two sihlouettes part one shadow. The two sihlouttes walks from the other with a limb.  They walk along the walls away from Spear.

Both sihlouettes shout. ,,HOW SHALL GREAT KILOM KILL THE BEAST?''

Spear grabs the knife and looks at the two. He crawls low and ready for leap and strike to the center. 

,,MAGIC MISSLE!'' shouts a click fillied voice.Spear grabe blade of dagger and crawl waslk on three legs. Legs move and chest shift as tense muscles ready for leap or strike to squeeze the cuts and broken rib.

Another voice shouts, ,,FIREBALL!''

Greak Kilom shouts, ,,SMOKE GHOST.''

The two sihlouttes arms begins to spin like wind mills. The smoke, the steam and the frosty freeze over the glass spins a path to reveal two Great Kiloms. 

Spear watches the arms of the two Great Kiloms spin at sides like wind mills. 

All the smoke, mist and frost spin to one Great Kilom.

The two Great Kilom bleeds from face. One finger looks broke. His robe flows over shoulders.

Spear leaps at the great Kilom without the whirling cloud of smoke and mist.

The two Great kiloms stands, and hands stop to whirl. The two Great Kiloms duck and run.

Spear lands and stumbles and paw feels a shokcing pain. He tosses dagger at the Great Kilom running from him then pivots to face the swirling mass of smoke.

The swirling mass of smoke and mist twirls to mix and spread arms and legs and runs at Spear. The Smoke Ghost's legs walk, and feet stomp on ground. Smoke flires twist and blow away. Stmobs billow feet. 

The dagger thrown by Spear hits the leg of Great Kilom.

The Great Kilim falls to floow, but dagger doen't stick.

William leaps at the Great Kilom near.

The smoke ghost blows like gust before Spears.

Spear leaps through the smoke ghost. He hit Great Kilom. 

The other Great Kilom disappears. 

The smoke ghosts grabs Spear's shoulders and throws Spear.

Spear bunches and stabs Great Kilom with paw fist.

Great Kilom's leater armor is ripped, and blood spreads.

The smoke ghost throws Spear. 

Spear swing and cuts thorugh smoke arm. He flies against the opposite wall. Rib pains stabs, and head bangs.

The smoke ghosts arm blows away. The smoke ghost blows at William.

And Great Kilom crawls to kneel on all fours. His limb head looks at the smoke ghost.

The smoke ghost blows and consumes Spear. Its smoke blows to the haze above.

Spear pushes against the wall and slides to a stand. 

Great Kilom kneels on floor. His head hangs. Blood drips from face. He looks at Spear shoults, ,,KILL, SMOKE GHOST!''

Spear breathes and smells smoke. Spear chokes adn coughs. 

The smoke ghost warps arms around its body and Spear. 

Spear falls to the ground. His rib pokes and stabs. Head throbs.

Great Kilom sits agains the wall. He bleeds and breathes as Spear rolls and chokes.

The smoke ghost hovers around Spear as Spear rolls.

Spear rolls, coughs. Snot and tears drips and stream. 

''KILL THE BEATST.'' shouts Great Kilom as he begins to crawl and reach for his dagger. ''Choke is life.'' Hd coughs.

Spear coughs, chokes and gags, holds lungs. and stands with the cloud of smoke. Spear steps and couchs and walks toward Great Kilom

Great Kilom scurries with jaw clenchs and blood dripping to the dagger and stands with a sway. 

Spear lungess at Great Kilom.

The smoke ghost holds arond Spear lunges with Spear as Spear hits Great Kilom.

Great Kilom stabs at Spear.

Spear hugs the Great Kilom and holds breath. 

Great Kilom chock and couhs. 

The smoke ghost blows away, floate the haze above.

Spear and Great Kilom fall to ground. 

As the fall, Spear i shocked. His muscles flex and tense, squeeze.

As the hit, Spear squeezea and twists Great Kilom's head.

Great Kilom's neck breaks, and head turn fulls circle then hangs.

Spear coughs stabbing pain. He rolls and lays on ground. Pain is his body. His mind is lost through the blurr of the dim lights and haze.

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shout one. Maybe clap. 

Spear breathes and coughs.

Surface talk and clicks and clacks spread through the dim dark. The talk become louder. 

Spear hears words...

,,Move, next fight. Blood,'' are words heard.

Spear breathes pain. He lays and hears Love's voice.

>|You must rise Spear. You need to leave. YOu need pull the body to the hall,< sees Love.

Spear coughs pains, rolls to side and closes eyes. 

Darkness spreads and feels not pain.

The murmurs become clicks. One shouts, ,,IT IS STILL SPEAR!''

Laughter spreads.

>Move, Spear,< sees Love.

Spear moves an arm then a leg, body. He grabs robe of Great Kilom and crawls then pulls robe, crawls then pulls robe.

A blood smear follows. 

Two humans wearing white sheets climb into pit from side and wipe blood. 

Spear crawls and pulls robe and Great Kilom. He pulls through the threshold clench jawa gainst the pain. Focusing at the darkness. then he falls.

Spear lays in hall clenching on tothe Great Kilom.

>Kirra, get Great Kilom. Fight,< sees Love.

Kirra stand and runs hall. She kneels by Spear. ,,Spear,'' she says. She puts ehead against chest and hears and feels thump of heart. She pushes hands through fur. ''Spear.''

>Move Spear. Fight, Kirra,< sees Love. Her mental voice speaks and leaves a quiet ring in Kirra's mind.

The ring beocme loud. The loud ring pains brain. 

Kirra's body locks and drips. She focuses on the ring, the vibration and pushes the ring through her body. She lifts body and stands, grabs Spear and pulls.

William sits on bench and watches Kirra pull spear from the ring and along the hall.

>William, drag the body of gladiator to the benches,< purrs love to William's mind. Love sees surface talk words that sooth the body pain. >Fight, Kirra. William will pull Spear.<

Kirra steps and pulls Spear along the hall as William walks past and grabs the great Kilom. 

William pulls the body.

Kirra feels the ring ping mind and spine. Her body shakes and feels to vibrate. Her vision blurrs as she steps and pulls Spear.

William pulls Great Kilom behind Spear and Kirra.

Kirra's body locks, and she falls with at slap.

William drips the legs of the Great Kilom and steps for Kirra.

>|Leave her, Willia,< sees Love to William. A rush of soothing rubbing bliss rubs William's body and mind, feeling like an orgasm bliss.

William stands and smiles. He lifts the great Kilome and steps over Spear and Kirra then tosses Great Kilom at the benches.

The body slides to the benches and before a orc.

The orc looks at William and walks past.

>|Sit, William,< sees Love to William.

William sits and looks at Kirra and Spear.

Kirra lays locked. Her body is numb.

Love sees to Kirra. >Fight, Kirra.<

Kirra feels the cold floor, Spear's warm body and smells smoke. her body relaxes.  She peers at William as she stands. She glares at William as she grabs her short swor and dagger. She pulls tight the chain around her neck. She walks the hall.

At the end of hall, in the pit, and orge stands. A double headed axe rests on ground. Breats and stomac hang over waist. Thick read tongue licks pointedd amd greem lips. A chain shirts hands around shoulders. Leather straps wrap around neck arms and legs.  The orge snorts, grunts. Spit and snot spray to the ground.

,,GREEN KILLER!'' shouts one. 

A small group says long, ,,KILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLER.'' The shout ends with laughter.

The orge snorts and stiffs. 

Green Killer stares at Kirra. It's huge shurgged shoulders hang arms. Big flabby brests hang over fat stomach. Whisps of black hair fall over face and eyes. Eyes stare at Kirra.

Green Killer and Kirra stand two jumps apart and one jump from the doors.

Kirra flexes and feels the soft mess of leather and steel spread tight over skin. The armor's suface shimmers with dim twinkles from neck to wrists to ankles. Small plates on hips curve with slight rump bump. Her rump slopes to waist wrapped with thick leathe belt stapped with daggers.  Light steel bracers grip from elbow to wrist letting her arm bend and wrist move. A dagger is strapped to the right bracer.  With the leather metal messh around Kirra's neck, a spiked color circles. Silver, spiked, shin guards shine over shin and black leather boot.. Black leather boot sare tied tight and have dagger hild sticking from top. An Elven Oak bow with dragon hair sting is tight against back by and quiver so short bow arros. Her hairs is tied in braids of braids around her head.

Kirra holds her short sword and dagger.

Green Killer blows snot from nose and smiles.

Snot flies and blobls to the floor and mixes with the blood smear on ground.

Green Killer stands and stares.

Kirra stands and stares. She steps to the side and to the side side to side without crossing feet.

Green Killer grunts a laugh and says with deep, gruggling surface talk. ,,You mine elf.''

,,GREEN KILLER,'' shouts and claps one from the darkness.

Green Killers tands and watches Kirra.

Kirra grabs two daggers from belt and throws two daggers.

Two daggers fly. One at Green Killer's head and one at green killer's fat stomach.

Green Kille swings double-edged battle age from ground to before face.

Daggers hit the battle axe and fall.

Green Killer stands, laughs and steps. It reaches behind back, grips the edge of a wall of steel and pulls towers shield from back.

Kirra thows two more daggers and runs Green Killer.

Green Killer swings axe and lowers shield.

Kirra leaps and divers over battle axe swing, by lowering shield. Sword stabs at shoulder and dagger at neck. Her boots and fee hit and sink into fat stomach. 

The swords tips stabs shit then stops. Dagger stabs leather strap hidden underfolds of fat neck flesh.

Kirra's feet sink into fat rolls and feel the cut of a blade through boot. 

Green Killer swings axe around and boht arms hug Kirra.

Kirra lets body fall and slide over breasts and belly, turn and slashs short sword. Short swords cuts hand with battle axe.

Greem kIller's arm holding battle axes hits Kirra's chesk. Tower shield squeezes Kirra against the fat.  Green Killer squeezes.

Kirra feel sold panesl and sharp edges press deep into the fat of Green Killer. She wiggles and slips and feels blades slip and cut through threads of steel and leather.

Green Killer squeeses. 

Kirra presses her neck into stamach fat and twiests body pushins and shakding shoulders.

The collar spikes cut and stab. 

Blood flows. 

A blade between folds of fat cut Kirra's scarred check.

Kirra stabs dagger inot fat. 

Green Killer snoots snots and roars.With blood, sweat and stikcy shit stench, Kirra plops to ground. Her bows falls from body. Quivers strab is cut, and Quiver falls.

Kirra falls to floor. Two slits through mess arms stain with blood. She stabs dagger between legs, throws short sword over floor and grabs dagger from bracer and stabs Green Killer.

Dagger hits a metal slat. Short sword twirl slides over glass. Dagger stabs hand.

Green Killer's hand opens. 

Tower shield falls.

Kirra kicke leg from under tower shield, kicks body under swinging battle axe. 

The short bow tie snaps and lays on glass from back with roll. An arrow falls from guiver.

Kirra roll a ball to feet and stand with daggers in hands.

And the axe blade lands on glass, an arrow and the bow.

The floor cracks. The arrow snaps. The bow shaft stops the blade.

Green killer grabs large axe handle with both hands, steps and quickle twist fat to fling body and a cicle step toward stand Kirra.

Standaing Kira grips two daggers. Sliced mesh armor, hands. Neck collar spikes bloodied. 

The double bladed axe slices and twirls and the orgres tips of toes dance over the floor. Kirra steps and leaps back to wall and thows one dagger. She lands by wall and throws another dagger while grabbing another.

Two dagger fly. One dagger sticks in Green Killers gut. Another dagger cuts the shouler of Green Killer and bouches of metal collar. 

The axe blade slices at Kirra. Green Killer's fat body flies at Kirra.

Kirra ducks, kicks spins away from the arching blade. 

Green kille releases the axe and spreads arms.

Kirra leps along the curve of the pit.

Green killer's size and body hits Kirra. Arms bash Kirra.

blades cuts and steel plate flesh bang her body. The chain mesh stangs and breaks.

Kirra hits floor. She grabs two knives from boots and stabe ub.

Green Kille dives at Kirra and swings arm. Green Kill's body. Green killer's fat long ogre arm hits Kirra.

Kirra stabs, and daggers stab arm fat. Kirra feel dagger tips hit a metal.

Fat slaps around daggers and hands. Kirra's hands are put. A pinke is severed.

Dark red blood drips and sprays as Kirra pulls dagger from green flesh, rolls and stands and sheaths boots, holds arm by chest and presses finger stub. She pulls white sheet shash from waist and ties around finger and hand

Green Killer lifts arm with dagger and pulls dagger. She sits breathing with big flabby breats heaving. 

Kirra walks back, facing Green Killer and grabs two daggers, short sword, bow. 

Green Killer heaves to a stnad and steps and leaps fast and quick like quick hops of a rabbit at Kirra.

Kirra side jumps, sheathes swords adn grabs bow and arrow and fires bow and arrow, steps to a stand and duck as she reaches for arrow.

Arrow flies and sticks in Green Killer's fat shoulder.

Green Killer thows battle axe.

Battle axe whirls over Kirra as Kirra ducks. Battle axe smashes quiver. 

Axe knocks over Kirra's back.

Green Killer Spreads arms wide and rushes Kirra.

Kirra grabs daggers in both and throws both at Green Killer's head. 

One dagger sticks in Green Killers eye.

Green Killer smashes into Kirra and they slam into side of pit.

Blades and dart tips cut and poke Kirra. They cut.

Kirra's cut pinky is jammed. 

Greeny Killer quivers and grunts and stores.

KIrra shouts and hollers as he slam forehead against the hilt of the dagger in Green Killer's eyes.

Green Kirra rolls and flips and stumbles and pulls dagger from eye socket. Green Killer tosses dagger.

Dagger flies and hit the wall above Kirra as Kirra falls.

,,GREEEN KILLER!'' shouts one from dark.

Kirra falls to ground with hand crandled. She rolls to side and pulls a dagger from belt, walks knees to stand to step toward Green Killer.

Green Killer lifts head. And pulls dagger.

A group shouts, ,,GREEN KILLER.'' Many laugh and clap.

Kirra grabs bow and three arrows, fires one arrow.

One arrow flies and staps a fat slab of Green Killer.

Green Killer rises to sitting and pulls dagger from eye socket, throws with a blurr. 

Dagger flies past another arrow shot by Kirra.

The dagger cuts Kirra's shoulder and knocks against the spikes of her collar.

The arrow stabs the shoulder of Green Killer. 

Green Killer stands. 

Kirra shoots two more arrows with bow. 

Two arrows stick in the neck of Green Killer.

Green Killer stands.

The crowd claps. 

Kirra drops bow and grips short sword and dagger.

Killer steps.

Kirra steps with back to the hall to darkness.

,,GREEN KILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLER.''

Killer runs.

The crowd claps and clicks and clacks.

Kirra stands, slices and stabes.

Short sword and dagger stab flesh then solid. Blades cut flesh and scrape over metal.

Green Killer slams Kirra. 

Blades and small spikes pokes her armor and flesh. 

Kirra's body bounces from Green Killer into hall. She slides over glass hall floor and pulls two daggers from boots.

Green Killer's shoulders hit the walls, and Green Killer stumbles and wobbles back toward center of pit.

Kirra steps, throws one dagger, runs thows another dagger and pulls two daggers from belt as she leaps from hall to green killer. She flies with both feet leading the spear that become her body.

Both daggers hit Green Killer's chest. Kirra's feet hit Green Killer's knee.

POP!

Green Killer's kneed pops and buckles. Green Killer falls.

Kirra rolls away, grabs, two daggers.

Green Killer falls and swats arm and rolling Kirra. His arm hits Kirra. His arm cuts kirra. And fist punchses.

Small pikes and blades cut Kirra's armor and shoulder. A steel fist bunches Kirra's spine. 

Kirrra rolls to back with daggers and rolls to side to a kneel. Pain spread along spine, shoulder, face chest. Her hand drips blood, drips blade.

Green Killer pushes to a one legged kneel then crawls at Kirra. His head hangs and an arms swipes at Kirra and pushes crawl at Kirra. Her bent leg drags behind.

A person coughs in the crowds. Green Killer moans and crawls.

Kirra walks around the bit and grabs short swords.

She  steps, and Green Killer follows. Green killer swings arm.

Kirra waits then whacks the shorts sword against Green Killer's head.

The sword and head spark and thunk like metal hitting metal.

Around the ring Kirra leads Green Killer. Green Killer crawls ands swings arm. Kirra steps back then steps forward and whacks head with short sword.

Kirra whackes until the blade sticks, and Green Killer falls dead.

Green blob body falls flat.

Kirra stands, bleeds, sweats, stares.

,,KIRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRA,'' shouts one from darkness.

Kirra pulls tunicut around pinky finger stub. Blood drips to glass floor. She gathers weapons, pulls the dead orgre. She sits at the bench. Her blood smears over blench.  She looks at Spear. 

Spear lays on ground. 

A gray robed gnome hums near Spear's hears. A metal rod iin the gnomes hand glows over Spear.

>|Fight, William,< says Love.

William stands and walks the halls. 

Kirra pulls the tunicut tighter.

William doesn't look back, but forward to the pit and the dark blood smeared along hall. He pulls the clip on breast plate connecting to back plate. He tugs on the chain shirt and shacks his helm around the leather strap around neck. His guantlet holds a flat metal shield as big as his chest. The shield hangs to side with arm over the metal hip plates and chain leggings. Steel bracers cover ankles and forearms. 

William steps into the glass pit.

The talk becomes a mur mur. A few people in the crowds say, ,,William.''

Clouds of smoke billow from the darkness and blow with the smoke hazze around the golden globes floating around the top ring of pit.

The lights glimmer over the edges of William's armor. 

He clenchs shield handle and puts hand on hilt of sword in scabbard. The war hammar hangs at angle across his back.

The inverted Star of Reighn stings back. His guantlet feels to grip his hand and the shield.

William raises shield.

Two spears fly from hall and hit shield.

William lowers shield to see over top of shield, grabs a spear and steps back.

One hugoblin waring black studded leather shirt and pants runs from hall with tower shield.

Another hugoblin wearing black studded leather covered with red chain mail throws two black spears.

The two hugoblins rush from hall at William. 

William in center of ring. He strides and side arm throws spear behind the great shield and at the spear throwing hugoblin in the rear. 

Willlaim's spear hits Spear throwing gladiator soldier.

The gladiator soldier drops spear. Gladiator soldier with tower shield lifts crossbow. 

Bold shoots at William. 

William raises shield, grabs war hammer and shuffle steps with shield raised.

Bolt hits shield. 

Gladiator with small shield pulls short sword from belt loop. He raises shield and steps shoulder to shoulder with the tower shield holding gladiator warrior

The tower shield is positioned between the two soldier gladiators. Both look through a slit in shield. Boths step with the other gladiator soldier. A short
 swords and a cross bow at the sides of the towers shield.

William shuffle steps and angles shield to cover crossbow bolt.

Bolt fires.

William leaps and swings to side of the gladator sholder formation. 

The bold hits Willaim's shield.

The shortsword raise to hit the war hammar shaft. The war hammar and William's swing hits away the short sword. The war hammar hits knee of the warrior.

The gladiator warrior's leg pops bends, but the warriors stands and hopes with the other warrior gladitor. The tower shield swings, hits William's shield.

William twists, holds shield at the crossbow.

Another bolt fired from under the bow shaft. 

The bolt hilts William's shield as his twist and back swing of war hammer spins body, shield, war hammer head.

War hammer head hits the hand and crossbow. Crossbow smashes. Hand smashes between war hammer head towershield.

>|Slow,< purrs Love through William's body. >|Slow and steady for the crowd.<

William steps back holding shield between waist and chin. Warhammer hands at side and away from the tower shield and hugoblins gladiator soldiers.

As William steps back, the one warriors hopes behinds the other warrior. The other warrior drops pieces of crossbow and grabs tower shield. The both duck behind tower shield. Tower shield rushes at William.

William walks to the side and away. He lifts arms and swings war hammer in wide arch circle then lifts shield and war hammer above head stepping away from the gladiator soldiers.

,,WILLIAM THE GLADIATOR KNIGHT!'' shouts one.

The gladiator soldiers run for a few steps, stop. The limping soldier falls, fumbles on ground and pulls crossbow from hip, pulls two triggers.

Two bolts fly.

The gladiator soldier with tower shield swings tower shield and steps before the crossboo man.

William swats bolts down with medium shield and throws war hammer spinning horizontal at the tower shield. his arm follow flow to throw to unsheath long sword.

The war hammer spins horizon at the tower shield. The hand rod of war hammer spins. between the slit for seeing through. The metal rod handle hits the temple of the first soldier. 

The tower shield falls. 

The soldier behind falls to knees with hand holding eye socket and other hand fumbling crossbow and bolt.

The soldier limp raises crossbow and fires at the space where William once stood.

William sheats sword while side stepping to spear. Shield hands. He grabs spears.

On warrior loads small crossbow. The warrior limbing raises locks crossbow and raises. 

William throws spear. 

Spear flies and stabs ground before limbing warrior.

Willaim kneels and currs to a ball behind shield.

The warriors raise bows and fire one bolt.

Two bolts hit his shield. 

,,KILL'EM WILLIAM!'' shout one from crowd.

Love purrs in his mind. >|Let it be bloody...William...<

William steps, stands runs. He holds the shield to leading right shoulders. He holds sword back. 

One soldier gladiator pulls short sword from sheath and runs at William. The other soldier load cross bow. 

William steps. Guantlet fist grips shield and arm punches at rushing soldiers. William lifts long sword and stikes short-sword blade, twist wrist to flick long sword and twist shot-sword from the warriors hand.

The warrior's body falls. 

A bolt flies. 

A bolt strikes Williams arm, chain, muscle flesh. 

The soldier pulls the Spear, the one Spear William had thrown, from ground. 

...Loves purr stirs fucking rage...

William bullrushes soldier, swipes long sword cutting spear. Guantlet fist punches grabs the soldiers hand holding spear. William pivots wait and chest and switches leading shoulders. Shoulder slams the gladiator warrior. 

Gladiator warrior is lifted from ground. William pushes gladiator soldiers over ground and into wall.

Soldier gladiator's ribs crack.

William pushes back and punches guantlet fist against the soldiers gladiator's face.

The soldier slumps and falls.

William back fists with guantlent and punches with bare chins and punch guantlet in the soldiers face. 

Crack breakes body. 

Soldier gladiator falls limp. 

Love purrs a warm flow through body to burn and yurm like Love's wet lips around William. >|Blood,< Love sees to William.

William punches guantlet fist iinto face crushing skull and flesh into a soup of blood and bones. 

William stands, grabs leg and pulls body. He grabs war hammer, shield, body and weapons and pull slow through the hall to benches. 

Spear lays.

Kirra kneels by Spear. She bandages her self and applies a thick pasty salve to both. 

A gray robed gnome sings near a burn over speak.

Red and black hole lay exposed on the side of Spear's chest.

Spear lays on on back. Head kind of quiver like he is sniffing. 

Kirra says, ,,Spear live.''

William lets the dead bodies legs fall. He sits on bench and looks at the useless weapons and armor. He kicks one of the dead gladiator soldiers. ,,Useless.''

Kirra looks back and peers. ,,Help, William. Do it for Myst?'' She picks up her needl and begins to again sew the burn cut covered with salve.

William looks at Spear.

Love sees to William's mind, >|Please take Spear to the nest, William. I will be for you at the nest.<

William kicks the dead soldier gladiator, steps to Spear and  lifts Spear, throws Spear over shoulder. ,,We go to the nest. We can sell the items before next lights.''

,,Will Love agree,'' says Kirra. She pulls satchel, necklace, and rings. She unhooks armor. Two rods are wrapped around the forearms. She pulls of plates. 

,,We go,'' says  William.

Kirra shakes head, stand and follows William to nest.

Love stands by the door into the nest hole. A few shadow soldiers flicker near globes glowing, hovering. >|Lay Spear in the hole of the nest.<

William walks into the nest. 

Light shines through the straw, strings, weeds, rinds, shells and casings of nuts and fruits. Smell of musk, piss and shit. 
 
William lays Spear on the mound of fur. 

Kirra kneels and pushes and weaves necklase, rods and satchel into the weave. 

>|William,< sees Love. 

William steps from the hall to Love. They walk along the halls and stairs to the room.

Love and William fuck and eat. Sleep and drink for two lights. 

William is given a special breast plate and returns to Kirra and Spear after two lights.

For two lights, Spear and Kirra sleep and heal. They eat and drink food from Fffgrillla cart. 

William returns and the quiet remains. 

William leads to eat, train and fight. Spear limps behind Kirra and William.

Kirra follows William during the runs, the chases, the sparing in the gladiator training room. She peers along the halls.

She sees.

Guards standing near some stairs, doors and halls. Shadow soldiers following in shadows. The two huge hairy humans who raped William.

William sees and flexes. Only the feel of Love's purr calms his rage. 

Four more lights they run. Four lights Kirra's cut pink heals to a skin stub.

The pack doesn't talk. They don't spare with the other. Kirra and Spear do dress the others rooms.

Night comes with the song that seems distant to William as Love's purr spreads.

The nest grows. The lights pass.

The fights come near the end of the sixth light.

>|Fight time,< sees Love.

William leads the pack with the Shadow Soldiers and regualar soldiers leading the small pack from the nest to the halls, stares, people and the benches to the hall to the pit.

Along the bench sits, three dwarfs in shining full plate armor, an elf with chain shirts and pants hanging around hide and a halfling sitting with staff and metal plated hide.

Kirra sees the halfing as Jo. Kirra steps and sits by Jo. Spear sits nest to Kirra and a dwarf.

The dwarf move away from Spear. 

William sits between a dwarf and human smelling of piss and shit and looking like his body is covered in shit and piss.

Three armored dwarves stand and walk into the hall. 

Kirra sits and look at Jo. ,,Jo.''

Jo look at the wall. ,,Kirra?'' Jo looks and peers at Kirra. Jo nods head. ''Kirra. Kirra up.'' Jo's face relaxes and look stares away. ''Fight up and fight up.''

,,Yes, we fight,'' says Kirra. Kirra sees a Shadow Soldiers stretch a shadow caste from Spear and the dim floating globe above Spear.

Jo looks at the dark wall before. ,,No more up.''

Kirra shrugs shoulders. She stares and says, ,,You train, live halls and rooms up to Wane.''

Jo squints one eye at Kirra. ,,,UP Wax.'' Jo shakes head side and glances at the shadows. ''Sold. Fight for.'' Jo stops talking and looks at the wall. Her wrinkles smooth and jaw sort of hangs. 

Kirra looks and glances at wall. 

All three stare until all eave to fight and only Jo returns.

Jo pulls a human wearing 

Human wears splitmail with high arching shoulder pads. Blood pools around eyes. 

Kirra and JO meet glances. Jo stares at the body and removes the cloths. 

>|Fight, Kirra,< sees Love to Kirra.

Kirra pulls on a few of the metal stitches along her metal weave. She pulls quiver tight to back and pulls on bow shaft on back. She walks, grabs dagger from hips and grabs short sword, runs quiet through hall.

A shadow spans from wall to door.

A goblins stands across pit by arch door to opponent hall. 

A sword shadow stretches before exit before Kirra. 

Kirra stops before the exit to bit. She stops in the dark.

The goblins across jumps and clicks and points. 

A shadow of a sword slices away, and the head of a pike swing shadow then shaft through hall. 

Kirra jumps back and parries stab with a swat. 

The groud booes. ,,OUTSIDE!'' shouts one.

A hugoblinpivtos from behind doorway yaning the pike pull and stabbing agains.

As the pike pulls back, Kirra drops dagger,  grabs the pike pole and pushes pole.

End of pole slams the hugoblins chest plate, a solid pies of meta from waist to kneck. Black studded leather covers legs and arms.

The pole hits breast plates.

Kirra swings sword and cuts armor shoulder.

Goblins behind spins sling and throws rock hitting Kirra's shoulder.

The chest plate wearing hugoblin stumbles back and pulls sword from sheath.

Kirra drops pike in hall, grabs dagger, swings short sword at the hilt and hand of the hugoblin.

Short sword of Kirra hits hand of hugoblins. Hugoblins drops the short sword.

Hugoblin steps back and fumbles an morning star ball and chain wrapped around waits.

Another rock hits Kirra's shoulders as the goblin loads another and twirls and throws rock.

Rock misses Kirra as Kirra throws dagger at goblin and slaces short sword at the arm of the hugoblin reaching for morning star handle.

Kirra's sword hits the hugoblin's forearm grasping handle of morning star. Sword cuts armor.

Hugoblins swings hand down pivots to side and leaps at Kirra.

A rock hits Kirra's shoulder. A thunk of pain stings Kirra.

Kirra steps back and leans back, grabs dagger.

The hugoblins punches at Kirra twice. His fist swing at where Kirra's head was.

A rock flies by Kirra's head.

Kirra slices at the hugoblins arm hanging near the handle of morning stare, while leaping back from the hugoblin and twoard the center of ring.

The goblin stands in the middle of ring and throws rock with sling then scurries away from Kirra.

Kirra swings at another punching arm.

Sword hits arm punchings of the hugoblins as the goblins grabs the morning star handle and pivots to follow Kirras turn and step back toward the center.

Kirra pulls knife and swings short fist flying at face. She pivots and leans back swingning back and step to center. Her back the goblin behind.

Kirra's shortsword slices forarm of the punching arm.

Arm is cut and pushed away.

The goblins behind grabs her dagger and runs at Kirra.

Kirra feels the goblins running at her. She

The hugoblin swings Morning star. Morning star ball swings wide of Kirra.

Kirra follows lean with pivot waist, spin swing short sword at the hugoblin and back hand throws dagger at goblin.

Short sword hits and cuts hits hip. Dagger flies and stabs the goblins in the chest, and tip siicks.

Goblins rolls and tumbles, stands and swings dagger at Kirra. Dagger sticks from chest.

Kirra steps away from dagger swing and from bettwen the goblinkin around from the center. She leaps from the mornring star ball. 

The hugoblins twirls the mornings stare like an X and limbs at Kirra.

The goblins falls to ground. 

Kirra's back touches the wall, throws dagger and stabs at the morning star X path. 

The hits off a plate on the leather pants. The short swords is wrapped with the chain of the morning star. 

Both Kirra and the gladiator pull on weapons. 

Kirra lets go of Short sword while pulling dagger from belt and following the pulls of the short sword toward the hugoblins gladiator and stabs.

The short sword flies at the Hugoblins. The dagger sticks in the throat of hte hugoblins.

The hugoblin falls.

William stares through Kirra as Kirra stares at William. 

Spear sits with back against wall. He looks down at the ground with arm over chest. 

A half-orge sits and punches fist against palm, glances at Kirra. 

Kirra drops leg and kicks chest.

>|Fight, Spear,< sees Love to all.

Spear stares at ground, steps over goblin bodies and walks the hall to the pit. Broke rib pokes pain. He moves wane foreleg and feel a pop.

Light shines.

A warrior wearing gold rimed scale mail hanging over shoulders, chest and hips like flat pads. Silver splint mail covers legs like feathers. The silver scales fall and lift like cloths around a skinny human woman. A silver cap cover skull with a drops of steel hanging over nose.

,,IT'S SPEAR!'' shouts a sihloutte from the dim. 

,,FLASH SILVER!'' shouts another shiloutte. 

Flash Silver stands as tall as Spear and as skinny as Kirra. Guantlet spike hands hold a buckler and a scimitar. Hook and chain is wrapped around her waist pressing the silver and cold rimmed splint mail around narrow waist. 

Spear stands and flexes hand paws to fists. He looks from floor to Flash Silver.

Flash Silver lifts buckler before chest and lifts scimitar to side. 

Spear stares and nips. He sniffs and smells a fumes of musk hormone and honey sweet sweat fuming and warming body. He snips snout, licks eeth with slithering tongue. He stands on hind legs and rises a head ataller then Flash Silver. 

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shouts a sihlouette.

,,Silver,'' says Spear.

Silver swipes scimitar throw air.

Spear side steps center ring

Silver twists and twirls around Flash Silver. The silver splint mail twinkiles.

The twinkles leave rainbow dots around Flash Silver. The rainbow dots stretch to lines as Flash Silver steps at Spear and slices.

Spear watches the colors stretch and pauses to watch, but the inhale of sweat musk pumps heart and rage. 

The scimitar slashes at Spear and cuts shoulder. 

Spear punches at Flash Silver. 

Flash Silver hits Spear's fist with buckler and slash scimitar.

Scimitar slashes Spear's chest.

Spear punches Flash Silver's chest. Fist feels the thunk of steel.

Flash Silver shield punches Spear's face. Swings scimitar for side of Spear's chest.

Spear leaps at Flash Silver. 

The scimitar cuts the side of Spear's chest.

Spear grabs at arms and wraps arms around waists. His fist and harm wrap around her and the splint mail. His hands slips and arms slide from the metal

Flash Silver hits scimitar hilt against Spear's neck, raises arms, twists and drops, slips from Spear'es grasp.

Spear feels the loose silve splint mail slide from grabs. He kicks at Flash Silver and punches.

Spear kicks Flash Silver's chest. Foot is cut. His fist hits the buckler. 

Flash Silver cruches pivots and raises to feet with a spin and slice and  a step away with sword raised and pivoted at body.

Scimitar cuts Spear's chest. 

Rainbow lights blurr and bend around Spear.

Spear leaps and arms reach wide.

Flash Silver shield punches and leans back. 

Spear's hand paw claws and cuts into the splint mail shard. A claw breaks. Claws scrape. Spear smells blood, roars a squeak.

Sliver Flash punches with buckler and slices with scimitar.

Scimitar slices	arm.

Spear's blood drips. Pains spread from ribs through body. Cuts stink and arm falls limb. 

Spear leaps and bits.

Sliver flash leaps away leaving a trail of raingbow colors. 

Spear grabs only dancing lights. Mouth bites a blurr.

Scimitar cuts Spear's back as Silver Flash steps behind. 

Blood drips from Spear.

Spear spins a back fist. 

Red, blue and greens blur and spot around the arena. 

Spear's fist hits Silver Flash's buckler. Spear closes eyes, listens and smells.  He hears...

The slights mesh of metal, the scrape of plates and grunt of Silver flash as she swings.

Spear leaps at Silver Flash as Silver Flash swings scimitar and cuts onto Spear's arm.

Scimitar cuts Spear limb arm.

Silver Flash steps back.

Spear leaps blind at the sound and smell. His shoulder hits Silver Flashes chest.

Both fall and hit ground.

The scale male scrapes and cuts Spear.

Silver Flash hacks scimitar against leg of Spear cutting muscle and hitting bone.

Spear hears a few grunts from Silver Flash and bites blind at the smell. Teeth bit flesh and steel. A tooth break. Pains spread rage. 

Scimitar hacks Spear's leg.

Spear bashes and bites. Snout snaps at face. Teeths scrape cheeks and bites nose. Body shocks, tense.

Scimtar hacks tendon of Spear's leg.

Spear punch side and grabs scimitar holding hand of Silver Flash.

Silver Flash's head punches helm into snouts, stabs blade into Spear's back, drops scimitar as Spear grabs other hand.

Two of Spear's teeth break.

Spear bits and punches. Fist hist hard, sharp scale mail.

Spear's paw fist cracks ribs of Silver Flash's. It leaves blood patches, blood drips. It stabs claws.

Silver Flash twists dagger, wiggles face from Spear's snout. and pushes at Spear.

Spear rolls and stands, grabs the fallen scimitar, drops scimitar as kife digs into shoulder. Body shock stuns.

Sliver Flash spins to a kneel to a stand. He hands hand at side. Blood drips from her face. She limps. Blood drips.

A rainbow shimmer twinkles from Silver Flashes trail.

Spear stands and limps. Blood spreads. He grabs knife in back and pulls it out.

They stand and step away from the other.

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shout one.

,,SILVER LIGHT!'' shouts anohter. Then two say loud. ''TWINKLE.''

Lights twinkle.

Spear closes eyelids over eyes, sniffs, hears.

The rubbing of scale mail leads to steps. The stuffed and bloddied nose of Silver Light gurgles with breath.

Silver lights pulls scimitar from sheath on back and holds buckler shield.

Spear doesn't see or smell the shield and blade, but hears metal and hears the scimitar pull from sheath.  He feels the cuts of muscle over leg and foot. He limbs with pain. Joints pop, and mouth aches.

Blood drops. Blood spreads. Blood fumes fill and guide.

Silver light spins colors and steps to side then steps and twirls blade like an x through the rings flying at Spear.

Spear bends on leg and leaps over Silver Light.

Silver light swings scimtar, and scimitar swings past.

Spear lands on foot and falls to a roll and a hope to foot, a leap at Silver Light.

Silver light spins and slashes scimitar, cuts Spaer's chest.

Spear warps arms around Silver Light and squeezes. Squeezes pushes pain through Spear's body. Smells and sounds become one with the pain felt, smelt and tasted in the blood in mouth and over body

Spear squeezes. Ribs pops, and a roar cracks the squeakes.

Silver Flash grabs Spear's face and presses thumbs into eyes.

Spear shakes head and bites a wrists and bangs face against the chin of Silver light.

A thumb hooks into socket and pushes. 

Spear squeezes. Spear's eye bleeds.

A pop of back and crack of bones pop from Silver Spear.

Silver Flash's hand falls, and head hits the floor. Her body quivers.

Spear holds the body until the quiver calms.

The body lays, and Spear ralex. 

Spear rolls with a moan to back, lays, bleeds.

,,IT IS SPEAR,'' shouts one. Then claps slap and spread. 

Spear lays blinking away pain and blood. 

A blurred sight through smoke stares to darkness.

>|Move, Spear,< sees Love.

Spear lays and laughs away the pain and muscle strain holding head-up.

>|Move, Spear,< sees Love to Spear and all.

Kirra hears and feels and stands, steps by William and along hall as Spear rolls to side and lifts to knee.

From knee, Spear hopes to a stand and a hop. One leg drags on ground. One hand grabs a foot and the other grabs a scimitar.

By the time Spear hops, Kirra steps to hall's edge.

William sits on bench and watches Kirra.

Kirra stands and wait until Spear hopes and pulls the body of Silver Flash. Kirra grabs Silver Flash's leg and pulls.

Spear leans against will, hopes to bench, lays and slumps. Chest breathes and nose twitches with shockes of poin through body.

Without looking, Spear walks the hall over Spear's blood feeling and hearing in mind Love's words, >|Fight, William.<

Willaim grabs long sword and raises shield, steps into ring. 

A few people clap. Murmurs spread. 

William stars at the opposite hall and steps to the side, stands. And he stands for a few heart beats.

White puffs of smoke billow and spread from the dim dark. A few people talk, and one coughs.

From the dark of the opposite hall, hoves clomp from darkness to light.

A centar steps forth raises four heads taller than William. Padded leather leayers with brown banded mail around horse body spreas over the human torse and arms like on mess fit to fomr over body. Bracers with spikes surround its wrists. A huge helm with a brown blume fans from helm front to back and falls along back to rump.

William stands.

The centar raises an trident and net. It kicks hind legs in a circle while shouting, ,,LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRT.'' The sound and the kick stops. Its arms remained raises.

A few people claps. One shouts, ,,KILL IT LORT!''

Another shouts. ,,LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRT.''

Lort clomps hoves and hold trident. He side shuffles stepping forward toward William.

William shuffles opposite way keeping a trident length between the two.

Both dance around the ring holding posture to attack. Eyee stare and watch for a glance.

Lort glances and jabs trident at William.

William swats trident shield and slash at the Lort.

They step apart and shuffle step around the ring keeping a distant as they circle the center.

Lort stabs with trident.

William blocks with shield and swats long sword at William. The sword tip nips the armor. A spark flashes.

Lort lurch, clomps and stabs with trident. And front hooves kick at William.

Trident jabs William's shield once, twice.

William steps away from hoove strike and sweeps sword clipping hoove then swings sword up hitting the trident shaft away as he raises shield to side step Lort.

Lort jabs trident at William and tosses nets.

William steps back and to side and blocks the attack. He slashes sword from back, above head in a wide arch.

The swords slash at net.

Net spreads, and sword hits its edge, cuts edge then sword slahs and bundled and wrapps around sword.

William drops sword and shakes hand rom nets, step back, and sees Lore's body kicks and turn, raises shield.

Lore's hind legs step and kick a circle at William and William's shield.

Hooves kicks shield, and Willilam hits hooves with shoield and steps back.

William sweeps sword low and slachs up hitting the rumb and stumbles to stand with kick.

The rear legs flex and kick, flex and kick hoppping at William.

,,LOOOOOOOORE,'' shouts some one.

Lore's hooves strike William's shield.

William hits hooves with shield, stesp back letting the foces nudge, but not push.

And the hooves kicks. William raise shield, holds shiedl with two hands and deflects kick, feels the jolt.

William grips shield with guantlet hand and grabs the hilt of war hammer. His back hits the ring wall.

The hoover step and kick, and William steps.

William bashes shield against hooves and guides hoof and leg away from body. As William steps to side and raises war hammer, swings war hammer.

War hammer hits Loer's horse rump with head. 

Lore side stabs trident, and trident hits William's arm. The tip peirce between chain and into skin.

William raises bent shield and holds warhammar, steps at a side stance.

The trident stikes again.

Lora kicks around and pulls net from back, settles to side would clomps of hooves.

William grips shie;d and peers away thought feeling only the breath and heart beat of Lore.

Lores peers and starest rhough william.

William glances at sword.

Sword lay wrapped in net by the forelegs Lore.

Lores stmps on sword and jump clomps.

,,KILL, WILLIAM,'' shouts one.

William steps at Lore with shield seeing the trident stab before it stikes and seeing Lore's hand break string an net bundle an throw net.

Lore throws net as William steps with shield raised.

William throws war hammer and throws and rolls body at Lore. He tucks shield and raises shield as he rolls to back and grabs his sword tangled with net.

The net thrown by Lore hits the ring wall.

Warhammer hits the waist of Lore as Lore raises.

Lore kicks down at William and stabs trident at William.

William's shield hits trident.

Lore's front hooves slam-punch William.

Hooves bend chest slat and bends ribs.

William stabs long sword at the under belly of Lore.

Spwrd stabs guts under armor and belly. Bllod drips.

Lore kicks from the stab and kicks williams's shoulder, kicks Willaim's foot as Williams kicks and pushes with feet from the kicking hooves.

Hoooves clamp against dirts. Trident slams and smacks the ground near William's head.

William waves, swings swords as he pushes upon back away from usner the tampling Lore.

Lore kicks hooves and stabs tridents at William like fish in water.

William wiggles and slides on back over the floor away from the hoovers and the spraying blood.

Blood sprays. 

Lores clomps and steps away. 

William pushes with one foot feeling a spread. He breatehs feeling a break of rib. He tosses beent shield and stands. He sweeps sword with net near the ground at Lore's hooves and legs.

Lore kicks the airs and stomps a circle to face Williams and stab trident. 

Blood drips from Lore, smears under hooves.

Hoves and trident lurch at William.

Wiliam swips sword and net at hooves, limbs back.

Net catches hoove. 

Tride pokes William's hand. William drops sword and swing a punch of guantlet at Lore.

Lores stumbles as hoove slips with net, and sword swings and wraps net around both front leggs.

Hoove kicks William's guantlet fist as William stumbles and stands away.

Lore stands still, throws trident. 

Trident stabs William's hip, sticks in hip plate.

William grabs tridenet and pulls it from armor and limbs back. 

Lore kicks and leaps at william while grabbing another net from behind back.

Hoovers kick away the ttirden.

William stabas and limb steps to side.

Lore kicks and shakes net while steping a circle.

Both strikes and punch around the center.

Blood drop from Lore become a drip.

William grabs warhammer from ground and leans away from a hoof of Lore.

Lore throws the net.

The net opens and covers William as William thows hammer.

Hammer hits and tangles nets. And net falls on William's arms and trident.

Lore kicks at William and pulls a short sword sheathed on back.

Hooves stomp and kick clippnig William arm and kicking chest. 

William stumbles back and limbs to a stnad an punches guantlet and  lifting leg of Lore.

Lores presses and kicks William against the wall and raise to stike. 

William's guantle strikes Fores forarm of hose half.

Willaim hits wall, feels pain. 

Lore's leg cracks and leg wobbles as lore lands from kicks William agains the wall.

Willam doesn't fall from force, but slides away from wobbling lore and wear short sword slice. 

They part with Lores standing still and walking wtih three legs, and William limbs away bending to grab and shake the trident adn warhammer from net.

Lore steps with three legs and holds sword forstrike. He stares at William as William stares at him

Blood and sweat drip. William steps and slips and stands with wobble.

Lores hops on one front leg and slashes short sword at William.

Sword hits Willam's chain shirt.

And William steps away and shakes tridge and warhammer apart. The net hangs from the trident.

William raises the trident and net and throws them at Lore.

Lora side steps and swats aside the trident and net. Net tangles with short sword. Lore shakes and wips and drips weapon and charges William.

Lore charges into the trident and net, and net and trident hit hoovers and catches on a fore hoove and wraps leg. Lore stumbles charge with three feet and one tangled.

William leans rights and steps from Lore's rushing body. He swings hammer and hits knee rear leg of Lore.

Lore's leg buckles, pop's.

Lore falls toward William. 

,,WILLLLLLLLLLLLIAM!'' shouts one. Many clap.

William limps away. He blinks and stares at Lore.

Lore kicks to legs and presses arms agianst ground. He glares at William and grunt, flexes, pushes, strains. Two legs kick, one leg wiggle and one hangs. Body lifts off ground.

William stands straight and ihnales feeling the pain of a broke rib. He breaths and steps and grabs his longs sword and walk around Lore looking and staring.

,,KILL, WILLIAM.'' shouts one.

,,NO. KILL LORE,'' shuots another.

A few sihlouettes shift and laugh. 

William stands and lowers sword and war hammer.

Lore lifts and bents three legs and rolls to stomach. lore's wide stomach rolls on a pool of his blood.

>Kill, William,< says Lover through william's mind. The words spreads a chill and chill numbs stinks and breaks through body. His heart thumps and dick feels to stiffen. >|Kill Lore for me, William.< 

William breaths and stares. His heat beats chill and words feel to rub her flesh. 

Lore grabs wiggles and pushes, legs and arma agianst groung but falls.

William stands.

Love sees to Williams mind. >|Stap like you are taking me with your sword. Hold your hammer like you hold me. Be rough. Use me to help you kill. Help me be with you, William.<

Love's sigth sends burning bliss from head and to thump heart and hards penis like a stiff rod.

Lore reasch and grabs and pulls on trident. Tridge catches on net, and net hooks on boken leg. Lore falls a maos, sweats and bleeds.

William throws war hammer and Lore's head and steps.

Warhammer hits Lore's head and hand raised to block. Hand breaks and head slumps and pops and bloody face tries to lift as it peers up at William.

William walks and limps.

Lore rolls to side and kicks to hoove at William.

William stands and grabs on hoove with guantlet, an clenches.

Lore pulls trident from net.

William twists hoove and stabs long sword into lore.

A hoove kicks William's hip.

William tights grips and pushes sword in.

Lore quivers and lays still.

William stand, bleeds, breathes. Pains from ribs and chest spreads. he stabs and twists leg. 

The crowd claps. The sihlouttes stands. Many cheer and a few say, ,,WILLIAM.''

William feel warm and strong. A wave of warmth of cheer covers and numbs.

The clapper fades as William grabs the trident and stabs the trident into the rump of lore.

The sihlouttes sit as Wiliam pulls lore's legs and drags lore toward the hall.

A few of the crowd laugh as William pull legs, moves torso and head, stop to move the horselegs and pull on Lore.

William pulls and moves and pulls Lore into the hall. He kicks and pulls once body is wedged into hall.

An orc stands at the end of hall looking at Spear holdind handle of great axe.

William strips Lore, bundles the armor and weapns and throughs bundle over shoulder with a grunt and pierce of pain. He glances at Kirra and Spear.

Kirra sits by Spear, and Spear lays against the wall.

An small thin being with pointed ears mops blood from glass floor around Spear. Blood pools around.

Kirra helps Spear stand. Then limp together away from the bunldes of armor.

,,We will need the armor to pay for our freedome,'' says William. He stand in their path.

Kirra steps with Spear to William. ,,Love can lift it. There is no freedom.''

,,We have 18 fights,'' says William.

Kirra pushes William with arm.

Willima steps aside.

Spear and Kirra pass.

William grabs the scale mmail of Silver Light and follows Spear and Kirra.

Kirra nad Spear follow Love. 

They sell the horse armor, weapons. William keeps the bundle of Silver Lights armor.They walk to nest, and Love sees to William as Willaim steps into hall to center of nest. Wiliam stands. 

Love purrs through her mind and through William's body. 

William drops the clittering armor and steps to Love.

William leaves with Love.

Spear looks back and watches Willia leave. He pushes against Kirra and tries to follow.

,,SPEAR.'' says Kirra.

Speat stands.

Kirra says to Spear, ,,We leave. We kill love. We leave.''

Spear nips at Kirra and looks at door.

Spear and Kirra rest. They eat. The bond their wounds from three lights buying food from Fffgrillla's cart. 

Spear and Kirra heal at night with sounds humming through the walls.

Spear and Kirra wrestle and spare with other beings in training room. They watch backs as near naked gladiators walk in pairs and groups.

The pairs and groups meet. The talk. They point to one of the group then the two from the pair of the groups wrestles until the other is pinned. A few punches are felt. A few scratches are had. The two live after the other is pinned. The the pair or the groups walk away.

Spear and Kirra wrestle others while watching back.

Spear sees the two big hairy humans, who raped William.

The two big hairy humans glance and follow Spear and Kirra from the wrestling to the nest building and gathering, but linger long enough to see the nest and walk away.

The nest grows from the room to the hall and around the doors cross the all from the nesting halls. 

Spear and Kirra gather bits or twicks and twine, cotton balls and leather strips gathered along the halls and room to and from the nest and the room. 

The room acros from Spear and Kirra reamin empty. 

Spear and Kirra remain silent except a question from Kirrra before the dark before the light of the their next fight. ,,Where's William?''

William leaes Love to Loves room. He has sex. He lays from Priests of Tune to sing to his wounds. He wrestles with soldiers and sleep with Love over the soft beds.

The hum at night comes to William, but the light don't dim until Love wants darkness.

For the lights, Wililam eats, fucks and trains. He buys a circlular shield, new chest plate, and tight linked chain mail. He buy an armor arm piece with spikes.

Then William is lead to the nest and Kirra, Spear following Love.

Love struts slow and long legs through the halls with Shadow Soldiers shifting and stretching from shadow to shadow until Love stands before the nest.  >|We fight.< She steps.

William follows.

Spear and Kirra walk behind.

The folllow love to benches and hall.

Spear limbs, and Kirra slows step with Spear's.

William glares back as Love strides away.

Love sees, >|Fight, Separ<

Spear limbs and hops as cut and healed legs moves only with pain and stretching. He hobbles to sit next to hubgoblins wearing dull chain shirts and gray leather coats and pants.

Kirra steps to Love. ,,We need more time. Heal.''

Love sees, >You, fight fight for Spear.<

Spear stands and limbs.

Kirra steps before Spear. ,,No. I fight.''

Spear pushes past and limps along hall.William sits and watches.>|Sit, Kirra,< sees Love.

Kirra stands and feels a ring from mind through body. 

Spear limps his massive rat body along the hall.

And William sits by a leather and steel plate wearing hugoblin seeing Spear walk way. William feels the want to rise and fight for Spear, but the feels and hears lover purr spread from mind through body. William sits and watches Kirra sit and Spear walk away.

Spear walks hall to ring. He limps into ring.

Only a blurr is seen, a flash like light moving through dark, but the blur doesn't mover through dark. It moves fast.

Spear feels the object of the blurr before he sees the blurr flow at him. Spear double punches fists and braces stance.

The blur hits Spear's fists.

Spear's fists feel to break and arms bend at joints. Pain shocks arms, body. 

Steel from a great helm to metal boots and spike guantlets covering hands cover a dwarf sized body. The steel being is wide as Spear and tall as Spear's stomach.

The steel gladiator breathes heavy through helm as fast flying arms and fist cover with metal sleeves and spiked guanttlets  

Spikes stabs Spear's hands as Spear double punches the throat of the great helm.

Spear's fist hit helm and breaks clamps fassening the helm the full-plate shoulders and breast plate. Fist shock pain through bones and spikes from spike guantlets cut forearms.

The steel gladiator swings arms in circles and steps away with a flash, blur and stand at the other side of ring against glass will. 

A few people clap. One coughs. Then Spear's breathe and the echo of heavy gasps of air from the echo of the great helm create the only sound. 

Spear bleeds around hand. He limps leg forward to the center of the ring. He stands to side with limping leg afore. He hold palms out with arms spread.

The steel gladiator steps, flashes a blur.

Spear drops, swings foot from behind to side.

The crowd murmurs.

Spear's ankle and foot scrapes spikes of whirling arms then they thunk the steel plates strapped to side.

The blurr waves and slows and falls and rools like a broke barrel rolling of the ground.

Spikes chips glass and whip rolls at Spear.

Spear raise arm and reaches with other. Hand, foreamr are stabbed with spikes as hand grips a steel wrist. Arm and fist hits a steel crotch.

Thunk ring.

Swing arms and spikes are caught and hit. Spikes stabs Spear's hit.

Spear slams knee into crotch once, twice hitting siff steel crotch piece loose. He grabs at other steel forearm.

The steel gladiator pulls  and wiggles forearms and rolls a way, blurs, slows ands kneels, stands.

The crowd claps and murmurs.

Spear lays and bleed spots. He stands.

The steel gladiator twirls arms like circles.

Spear parts legs with strong leg forward and both bent at the knees. Back hunches and arms raise, bent at elbow remaing loose and ready.

The steel gladiator blurrs, flashes at Spear.

Spear double fist punches at the blur.

Spikes cut Spear's arms. Spear fists punch metal chests. Pain rings. 

The crowd claps.

Steel gladiator blur becomes and solid and bounces back and down to gound on back.

Spear arms shutter pain and fall. Blood drips and splats with Spear's arms and hands.

Steel gladiator rolls to chest and knees. Steel scrabes and squeakes. Short spikes cover back of steel.

Spear kicks knee of Steel Gladiator while the Steel Gladiator stands.

Steel gladiator falls and flips. Steel spiked fist stabs and cuts Spear's foot.

Spear steps and stumlbes to a limp hope and not a stand. Blood falls.

The crowd claps.

Steel gladiator rolls aways.

The crowd murmurs.

Steel Gladiator rolls to a stand and sway. It grabs it's helm and shakes it.

Speoar hope stands to center of the ring. Blood drips. Spear roars.

Crowd murmurs.

Steel Gladiator clank guantlet palms together adn stips steel boots. A hollow roars through great helm. Steel Gladiator blurrs.

Spear rages and rushes with legs stepping pains and fistss punching  before the run. Fists slam into the great helm. Body follows slams steel and spikes.

Spikes on gauntlet and bracers stab andcuts Spers fists and arms, shoulduers as Spear slams the flat steel chest and neck of great helm.

Great helmo b shakes and pops.Steel gladaitor falls with Spearm on tob.

Spear grabs and warps arms around steel arms and chest. Spear slams forehead agianst the helm.

The helm falls and rolls away.

A big beard and braided harif from eyes, nose and mouth stare back at Spear.

Spear squeezes and slams forehead at Steel Warrors.

The Steel Warriors push arms out and wiggles, slam forehead at Spear's head.

Spear and the Steel Gladiator's slam face. Faces bleeds. They slam faces again and again.

Spears snout bleeds and nose swells. The sight blurrs.

Spear squeezea and slams forehead. Arms wrapped around steel breast plate, steel steels and steel back with small spikes spread over. 

Spikes poke and cut Spear's arms. 

Steel Warriors rolls and wigggles arms, sleams forehead at Spear over and over.

Blood falls and spreads.

Spear slams face agains Steel Gladiator's face.Blood pools.

Steel gladiator guivers and rolling and quivvers calm.

Spear falls and lays flowing through pain and rolling to bool of blood.

Steel gladiator lays still.

Spear rolls to back, side. He triest to stand, but knees buckle from pain and slip through blood.

He falls and lays. 

The crowd claps and cheers. 

A group chants. ,,SPEAR! SPEAR! SPEAR!''

The clapping continues as Spear lays and breathes. He stares over the floor looking away from the pain. Painst spreads through body in waves. Pain causes sights to dim and focus over the flat floor to spin and lifts like flying.

>|Spear, stand and move,< says Love.

Spear stares. Spear lays. Spear feels Love's purr and mental voice.

Love's purr spreads a vibration through the dark and pain. The pain span body with the voice of Love that talks and whispers...

Spear lays in blood with feels, thoughts and Love in his mind and dreams away from the pain. Spear see and feels love in mind, and in mind of separ Love and Separ lay in bed breathing, licking, holding, fucking.

Outside Spear's mind, Spear lays on the floor. 

A feel of rage the burns through Kirra and William when  Love sees to Kirra and William, >|Pull Spear from the pit.<

Williams stands and nods.

Kirra stands and jogs the hall to Spear.

>|William, wait,< sees Love. >|Wait Kirra to drag Spear to you. You need not show in the ring before the fight.<

Kirra grabs Spear's bloody wrists and pulls. ONe hand slipes.

Spear's body slide

William walks and steps to the edge of the hall.

Kirra steps and kneels. She see blood and rips the whites heet wrapped around waist.

>|Move Spear from ring,< see Love. >|Wrap when by beanches.<

Kirra rips the sheet and wraps one hand of Spear. As kirra wraps his other hand, a ring pain spread from mind through body. She ties hands and grabs Spears foreams and pulls.

The ring in her mind quiets and vibration from rings soften.Kirra looks back at William.

William stands and watches rings and the dark. he sees a shilouette walk the hall.

The sihlouette becomes a human wearing a cloack and bronze chest plate. 

William grabs helps and steps toward hall.

Kirra drops spear's arms and pulls dagger and sword.

>|You yield. The warrior is to be draggin the Steet Gladiator from the pit, < see Love.

The human with bronze chest plate peers at Kirra.

Two gnomse whearing gray over alls and lowering buckets walk buckets and rags bag to the blood stain. The clean.

Kirrag pulls Spear to hall. 

William steps aside and watches the bronze plated person pull the steel gladiator from ring. He feels the glare of Kirra.

Kirra drags Spear. 

William looks at the ring then lifts Spear's legs.

They carry Spaer to bench.

Two hobgoblins stnd from bench and step away.

William and Kirra lay Spear on bench.

>|Fight, Kirra,< sees Love. >|Fight now.<

Kirra peers at William and kneels by Spear.

Spear breathes calm. 

Kirra feels his heart.Spear's heat beats strong, but breath is shallow.

Kirra feels a ring like a bell. She stands and scowls at William then walks hall to the pit.

Blood stans spear, and bits of fur tumble over ground and stick in the blood.

In the pit, a human wearing a black cap and the bronzed breats plate stands tall with hands on hips. Dark chissled chin and cheeks frame a stone starring face with whid black hairs scribbling outside the lines and order. Black leather pads with square studs shine glare from light shining from walls.

A few people in crowd claps. One coughs. Murmurs spreads as Kirras stands.

Kirra stands near the exit from hall and pulls both dagger and swords from sheathts.

The warriors guantlet covered hands are foolded on top of long sword hilt as long sword tip pokes the ground. He looks at Kirra and stares. From the guantl are steel bracers with a buckler attached to one, two dagger sheathes and circle studs cover the black leather over arms.

Kirra steps and raises short sword and daggers and steps around the center and the guantlet warrior.

,,KIRRA,'' shouts a sihlouette from the shadow crowd.

,,STEVE OF THE DIMAOND!'' shouts another.

Murmurs spread through the dark above the ring.

Kirra steps around center feeling for the solid ground.

Steve of the Diamond grabs and twirls sword then holds it raised for strike. he pivots on foot following Kirra's side step.

Kirra throws dagger, steps and swing sword while grabbing another dagger.

Dagger flies at Steve.

Steve raise buckler, and dagger hits buckler then studs and grounds. Steve slash sword once, twice at Kirra.

Kirra paries one strike, but Don cicle swords and blads and cut Kirra's leather hip.

And Kirra swipes swords and makes a quick stab with dagger.

Shorts sword cirlces after parre and pokes the stomach of Steve. The dagger hits the buckler.

Steve shield punches at Kirra and swats sword back, stepping back.

Kirra raises and foremarm to hit the buckler and hits shortswords agains the longswords then she steps in and stabs at the breast plate.

The dagger hits the breast plate.

Long sword and shorts sword part with a slide of blade.

Steve slickes swords over the chest and small chains. Sparks flash. A few licks fall.

Kirra leans back and feels the pain from sword slash spread throug chets.

Steve whacks are Kirra.

Kirra leans back, and the long sword swings past. Kirra uses the lean and spins away from the slash and shield punch. Her sword cuts betwee the studs into the leather and legs. Her dagger stabs.

Dagger tip hits shield of Steve. 

Steve sheild punches Kirra's face.

Kirra's face whips back. She stumbles and steps and leans away from long sword swipe of steve.

Steve swings then slashes and steps and presses.

Kirra parries the sword to guide the slash away. She ducks away from the shield and stebs with dagger.

Dagger hits bracers.

Steve swings and hits Kirra's chain mess. Pains pops.

Kirra swips and dents the breats plate.

Steve swings and x with long swords and stombs at Kirra. H hold buckler by sidle. And steps letting cloak hand calm with no shakes.

Kirra steps away, and Steve stand in center and pivots following Kirra's stead side step.

The talk through the crowd becomes murmurs. The murmurs quiet.

The two have swords raised and shield held by side. 

The pain of Kirra's face cools and numbs.

,,You are an honorable opponents,'' says Steve. ''And you God will be happy to receieve you in death for you death be the only way I may live-'''

Kirra flicks wrist, throws dagger tosses short sword to other hand while stepping then grabbing another dagger.

Dagger flies at Steve's head.

Steve raises buckler and steps with a swing and a shout.

Dagger hits shield. 

Steve's short sword at Kirra. 

Kirra leans toward the raises shield and stabs short sword under the arm to the pit.

Steve's long sword slash Kirra's hips. 

Kirra drops dagger in hand, but short sword tip stabs Steve's arm pit.

Steve roars and hack at Kirra. 

Kirra pulls sword from Steve's and ducks, spins and steps away. As she spins, she swings swords and hits Steve's long sword.

Steve swings and swings and tries to lift buckler arm. Blood drips and spreads downs Steve's breast plate and black leather and studds. Steves steps with a sure foot and level eye. ,,You are a formidable foe, and it could be the Diamond does not shine bright as I fight for life and gold.'' He steps in middle.

As Kirra steps and hops around feeling cuts along leg and old cuts sting leg.

Kirra swings sword in a figure eight and holds knife by hilt. She stares and at Steve. She spits.

Steve steps and presses arm with stabbed pit close to side of chest. Sweaty hairs sticks against Steve forehead slithering from under his helm like as snake. He steps and swings and swats and slashes.

Kirra leans back, steps back and is cut across the chest. 

Leather cuts, and studs spark. 

Kirra feels the skin split and sting.  

Steve steps in with the third strike. 

Kirra swings swords high at Steve's face and weak shoulder and stabs.

Dagger stabs between breast plate  shoulder plate. Tips pokes between chain links. Sword hits longs sword.

Long words slides along short sword blade and knocks short sword from Kirra's hand. Steel elbow bunch Kirra's chest.

Kirra steps and stands slashes.

Dagger cuts leather adn scrapes across chain.

Steve swings the long sword. ,,And by the shine of Reighn I will shine your soul.'' He twists.

And Kirra leaps on Steve, wraps arme under stabbed and cut arm then presses fingers into face and eyes. She pushes face back and bites for neck.

Steve shakes and slams hilt on Kirra's back twice.  He shakes heads and jerks head, shouts, ,,SSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNEEEEEE!''

The shout causes Kirra to hear pain. The shout is followed by a glow around his arm pit.

The light dims, and the arm pit warms.

Kirra feels the heat burn her.

Steve hums loud and says louds whilte grabbing Kirra. ''GIVE ME THE STENGTH.''

Kirra bites thoat and gouges eyes. She pulls arm from arm pit and grabs knife. Other hand fingers poke eyes of Steve.

Steve bites and snapes and pushes off Kirra.

Kirra bites throat and is thrown. Her mouth pulls flesh from thoats when body flies from Steve, over the pit florr and against the wall.

The crowd cheers. Some clap.

Steve shout pain and says, ,,DIAMOND SHINE UPION THOSE.'' Blood seeps from his throats. He lifts shield and sword.

Kirra leaps to feet and duck runs from Steve's striking sword. She grabs dagger.

Sword slahs down and hits wall above Kirra's ducking head. Shield wacks Kirra's back.

Kirra stumbles, turns throws dagger.

Dagger flies and hits the throat of Steve.

Steve stocks, pop, locks and stands. His mouth hangs open.

Kirra grabs another dagger and stebs backward facing Steve. She picks of short sword.

Steve steps, pivots and shuffle steps at Kirra. His falls flat on face and chest.

Kirra stands and limps. She walks to Steve and grabs a sash around waits of diamonds. She takes the sash and tears the sash, wraps sash around leg. She breathes pain and pulls pain through burised back muscles as she pull Steve by the feet. She stops to stick the daggers into steve.

She pulls steve through hall and the the bench along the dark. She stesp to Spear.

Spear lays.

>|Fight, William,< sees Love to William. 

William looks at Spear and Kirra, stands and walks the hall with long sword, buckler and war hammer strabbed to back. Spike bracers cover wrists. Metal cap is strappe around chin. Metal plates cover ears and leater strap is tied around neck. 

Talk quiets to murmur when William steps to rings. Some clappers spreads around and through the dim. 

William peers into the dark. He steps to the center and raises shield, pull back arm for a swords slash. And squints into the dim of the opponent tuneel.

Through the tunnel a sihlouettes fills the tunnel and slowly moves. 

Low moans and a bluster blows thick drips fo snot from hall to pit floor.

William stands.

The hall sihlouette steps from hall.

A head appears into the ring then two hands that press against the floor. The head and hands spoan sized twice that of William. The face like a large human head with low brow. 

A giant crawls from the hall and stands twice the height of William.

The people through the dim clap. 

,,GRA DIL,'' shouts one.

Gra Dil rases huge giant arms. Fat muscle flext and hands.

The giant body is covered with linked chain shirts hanging over chest, badk dnd wriaaped around legs. Thin seams of metal wrings mind many chaiin shirts to one.

The chain shirt hangs from the giants like a big shirt. From the waist from under the chain shirt hangs a leather skirt to knees. Two longs swords are starbbed to hips hanging like daggers from the huge beast.

William stands and grabs his long sword.

Gra Dil laughs deep and long. He hits chest with forearm and grabs a handle sticking from his back. He lifts a wr hammer with a head the size of William's. ,,Come. Here. Tiny.'' says Gra Dil with deep voice.               

A few of the crowd laugh.

William stands. 

Gra Dill laughs, ,,Tiny,'' he swings with war hammer.

William steps back and leans back and swats buckler before.

The war hammer hits the ground. 

William steps.

Gra Dill laughs. ,,You. Warhammer. Tiny.'' He swing warhammer. 

William steps back and to side. 

The war hammer sings past nearly from edge to edge with its long handle and the long arms of the giant.

Gra dill swing war hammer and head. Head spins thick black braids of hair. ,,Tiny. Tiny. Tiny.'' Gra Dill says and he swings and swing and swing with a stomps step bacm and forth.

William steps and leans back letting the three swings of war hammer sing wide.

Gra Dill says, ''You tiny will squish and splats. You die by me.''

The warhammer swings past the third time, and William steps near wall.

Gra Dill stomps.

William slashs and charges with a shield punch. The sword cuts the leather kilt. Buckler and spikes punch to push William with his step past the giant.

The giant shifts waits and shoves shoulder and body into William. 

Gra Dill slams body against William and wall. 

Willliam lifts his spike bracers into Gra Dill's hip. 

Gra Dill's hip slams Willam's head into the wall. 

William bracer spikes stick into hip and on the side William's head. Willama pulls down on the spikes and drops.

Gra Dill raors, ,,TINNNNNNNNNNY.'' He stands pressing spikes into hip and wall. He drops the war hammer, raises both fists and slams the sides of William.

Wiliam drops and pulls on spike bracers. 

Two gainst fists slam side of chest.

Ribs breaks. 

William coughs and gages pain. He wiggles and pulls andpushes arms into hip and lefts legs to kicks. William hands between wall and giant and kicks Gra Dill's knee.

,,NO, NO, NO, NO, NO,'' shouts Gra Dills as he steps from walls and grabs William to pull him his bracers from flesh.

Wiliam kicks and kicks and pulls and wiggles and coughs. Coughs spread blood from limbs. Coughs pushes the pain of broken floating bones. Caoughs blur world and sight, thoughts focus. William kicks and pulls down on spikes.

Blood falls, and Gra Dill raors.

And swats William.

Spike bracers pull from Gra Drill.  

William flies, hits and rolls to other side of ring. A spike on bracer cuts Williams chest. Chest pumps pain to numb.

Gra Drill roars and grabs his war hammer. Bloold spreads and drips from under leather skirt. He limbs to pivot to face William. ,,You tiny itch.'' He lifts war hammer.

William stands and pulls warhammer from back sheath. He swings, and swing moves muscles and spreads pain. William coughs. 

,,GRA DILL KILL!'' shouts on from crowd.

Gra Dill shouts, ,,GRA DILL KILL KILL KILL!'' And with each kill he swing his war hammer back and forth nearly hitting either side of the ring with hammer. His feet stomp flat. 

William breathes pains, buts steps, lifts buckler and guant and sword.

The war hammer swing past.

William steps back, inhales and roars. Roar blasts the pain as William steps and spin and throws war hammer the runs at Gra Drill.

Gra Dill swings hammer from one side then back swings it at Willima as the hammer flies and William rushes.

The warhammer of Williams hits the side of Gra Dill's face. William steps pivots to stand before the arms with fists clenching the warhammer swing.

Gra Dill pulls war hammer swing as he blinks away tears and blood from eye hit with war hammer.

William bunches guantlet at Gra Dill's wrists.

Guantlet hits and connects. 

Gra Dill's wrist pops then slams into William.

William is smacked down and lays flats. Arms fall to side near his long sword. Light blurrs. Blood drips from mount.

Gra Drill roars and lets broke wrist and war hammer fall as he raises fists and pounds William as William lays on the ground.

William hips and thights are hit. William's body bounces from gound. He wraps arms around hand and fist.

Gra Dill lifts William from ground and shakes arm and fists. He opens palm. 

William falls to ground. He rolls toward Gra Dill's feet.

Gra Dill slaps ground and stomps feet. 

Foot stomps Williams' guantlet hand and spiked bracer.

William reaches and grabs long swords and swings the swords at Gra Dill's ankle.

Gra Dill's open palm slams William.

Williams sword cuts Gra Dill's ankle.

William presses. Poin pops. Lungs cough blood. 

Gra Dills stumbles and steps and falls to butt. Blood pours from ankle.

William pushes arams up. Broken forearm bends. Williams slams guantlet fist against the ground and pushes to knees. On knees, William crawls away from Gra Dill.

Gra Dills lifts, rolls and reaches for William. Finger flicks William.

William kicks and crawls slaming guantlet fist to ground, cracking floor then pulling body toward a hall and arch. Chest inhales pain. Blood drips from lip.

>|William,< purrs Love through William. Her through speak cool to the pain and exhale the pain through body. >|Guantlet. Remember the rage and the guantlet. Kill with the guantlet. Kill form me. Strike its thraot. Strike the throat.<

William breathes cool warmth. His tongue licks red cherry. He heat beats rage. Sight see all the ring.

Ga Dills steps, wobbles and roars.

William stands feel a burn warm the cool through chest and foot.

Go Dills reaches and punches at William.

William steps and punches guantlet.

Ga Dills fist and William's guantlet hit.

Ga Dills fist pops, cracks. Bones break and smash, and skin breaks. Finger bone pokes and breaks through skin. 

Williams guantlet punches through fist and forearm.

Ga Dills other fist swings as Ga Dills shutters and shocks. His grunt ceeases and holds. He groans. Groan growls, and Ga Dill throws body at William.

William feels coll cool the burn from guantlet hand to arm to chest. A calm spreads thorugh William as he sees Ga Dill leap. William grabs knife from sheath on hip and and stabs at the neck of Ga Dill.

Dagger stabs Ga Dill's Throat.

Ga Dill slams William. 

The smash to ground.

Blood pours from Ga Dills necks. 

William slips and pulls. The cool from Love's purr spreads throough will. He peers through the hall of dark, and guantlet fist slams ground and pulls William between the legs of Ga Dill.

Ga Dill clutchs thoaot and rolls and triest to stand in knees.

William feels Ga Dill raise and crawls, slips in blood and falls. The fall breaks the cool calm the burning pain. The burning pain bursts through William.

Behind William, Ga Dill lifts a knee to place a foot. He tries to stands, shakes and falls to side. 

William walks to the darkness of the hall. He breathes pain and cleches fist.

>Kill, William,< ssee Love. 

Willaim pivot and sees....

Ga Dill holds thraot with one hand and pushes from ground with the other. He stands and sway, bleeds.

Blood drips and falls over Ga Dills fat giant stomach. His mouth gurgle a growl. Feet slide a step toward William.

William breathes pain. Vision blurs. He stands and hold dagger.

>|Kill, William,< sees Love.

Ga Dill steps and stumbles, stands.

William throws dagger.

Dagger stabs Ga Dill's hand.

Ga Dill swats and William.

William steps and leans, and Ga Dill's hand slaps ground. 

Ga Dill's tips and leaps at William. 

William steps back and swings guantlet fist.

Guantlet fist slams Ga Dill's face and breaks the skull.

Ga Dill slams William, and William breaks Ga Dills fall.

William push feels a shock of pain, screams gurgled blood muffled by fat cheek of Ga Dill pressing against his face. William kicks and pushes and wiggles. He pulls and kicks from dead body whimpering from broke ribs and broke foot.

He kicks voer the blood and glass floor and stands, pushes, pulls body to sit against the glass wall of bit.

Over the bit, smoke blows and people clap. Sihlouettes shift in seat ans some talk. A few say, ,,William.''

William sits and stares, breathes pain.

Ga Drill bleeds from head and throat.William pushes to a lean against wall, pushes and walks to the hall.>|William, get the body,< sees Love.

William feeels the cool warm to a poin through body. He steps and walks to bench and sits.

>|William, get the body,< sees Love.

William looks at Spear.

Spear sits on bench with head slumped.

Kirra kicks the dead body of the Diamond warrior, stands. She grabs the diamond sword and buckler shield, stands by Spear.

Spear breathes and stands.

Kirra grabs Spear and they walk together from the hall.

William follows. 

Love stands at the exit to the people and the halls.

>|Foolish Loves,< sees Love. 

And Love leads the small pack and soldiers through the crowds, checkpoints, halls and stairs to their nest.

The next spread across holls. Fumes of rot and wet fur flow around.

Kirra and Spear walk into the nest and lay. 

The fumes of rot become fumes of grazilian flowers that smell like a cool summer breeze. The fumes hand with the dust floating arohnd the light. 

Spear lays in a pile of lint fibers and tufts of fur wrapped around string and twine. 

Kirra sits and pulls a couple of waterskins, rolls of cotton, salve and bread wrapped in leather. She steps the Spear and spreads salve will stitching cuts...

William stands near the entrance of the center of the next. Pain spreads with and contracts with breath. He looks at Love's curves wrapped tight in white. A gold belt warps stomah and a gold necklace hangs to her breasts. 

Love steps away from William and walks with soldiers.

,,But Love, where do you go?'' says William.

>|Sleep, William,< sees Love.

William says, ,,I will not rest until I am with you.''

Love walks away. >|Then you will not sleep.<

William steps on foot and stands shaking pain, breathes pains and watches Love walk away. He sees...

The two big harry humans and their elf friedns step from room three room from nest. They both see william, smile, wink and walk the hall away from William and after Love.

Love walks one way.

The two hairy humans walk into another room.

William limps from hall to passage to the center of nest.

Inside the nest, Kirrra wraps Spear's leg.

William sits and lays on back. 

Kirra spreads slave, wraps, cuts.

Spear and Kirra eat at one side while William lays and drinks from a waterskin he pulls from the nest. 

,,I fought a Diamond,'' says Kirra. ''You remember the Diamonds. In Blue. William. You REmember,'' says Kirra

William lifts to a sit feeling broken rips, gnods, ,,Don.''

,,Myst,'' says Kirra. ''Remember her.''

William stares at Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,You remember wanting to leave. You remember hating the goblins. You remember they killed your family, Jan.'' She look at William. ''Remember Shake? Remember Buckey? Jan?'' She looks away from William.

William clenches guantlet fist and jaw. ,,I remmeber learning my family is lies. I remember a simple adventure for the small shield.'' He breathes away the locked jaw. ''I remember Myst loving Reighn more than me.'' William stares and drinks.

Kirra cleans and dresses Spear's woounds then her wounds.

William sets and wraps leg while bitting on wood and holding inside the scream. The force of the scream in mind and through chest.

The dark comes with a hum....

Pain vibrates to a tickle and the tickle become a message before calm spreads and...

William wakes to his own snore as light shines through the nest over the walls and ceiling. His chest is sore.

Kirra's cuts are healed to scare. Her bruised face feels stiff. he arm bends withouth pain. The black and blue along the side of chest is the color of flesh.

Spear wakes with a stare at William. A few cuts bleed while many small lay healed under the fur. The bones of leg, arm and ribs crunch and bob shocks of pain like tiny needls poking.

Spear pushes and and sits back on wall and Stares at Willaim.

William strinks water and looks at Kirra and Spear.Kirra drinks water, changes dressing.William stands and walks stiff along the hall. ,,Will we be running the halls to look for food or shall we remain here and eat or go for a run.''

Kirra pulls a wrap of salted pork fat and tosses it at Spear. She grabs a back and pulls out greeen leaves and eats. ,,You run.''

William steps and stands before Kirra. ,,We run as a pack.''

Kirra spreas salve over cut while chewing, saying, ,,No pack.''

Spear squeaks and eats, rolls to put back to William. 

Kirra stands. ,,Spear.'' 

Spear raises head and looks at Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,I go get food.''

They nod, and Kirra walks from the nest and hall...

William looks at Spear. ,,Are you in needs of water?'' says William. 

Spear look to wall and eats paste and bread. He licks his cut arm arms. He shifts and lays and back. Rib pain spreads to a numb. 

William sits. He pulls out his long sword and pulls a leaf wrapped around a wet stone and sharpen blade. He raises his leg on a mound of fur and twine. 

Kirra walks the halls and gathers food. She sees the stairs and three halls four levels above the nest where more guards stand before steel doors. a few shadow sholdiers flikcer from the dark caste from tapestries hanging over glow walls.

She gathers bread crusts, molded chunks of cheese, dry meat, a old rug, a leather sack with a hole. She walks the halls of warriors. 

Warriors of women and men from elf to org sit on chairs and thrones with gold goblets in hands. The look at Kirra and peers. They scratch scare fresh and stitched. 

A the end of a top hall five up and six over a hall ends in the cove.

In the cover five gnomes dress in white trouser, long shirts and white masks walk around a large human wearing only loin cloths and a larg orger wearing a toga.

The large human sits with goblet in and a piece of wood in mouth. 

The ogre's head is laying back. Eyes are closed.

The oger's toga is covered in blood. A big bandage is wrappped around  his chest.

One gome washes the orgre. One gnomre cleans bloody knifes and blades a strea of water falling from ceiling into the floor. One gnome mops blood from floor. One gnome climbs on human and spreasd a white poweder over his chest. One gnomes climbs on steps up throne near the humans broad chest.

The gnome holds a small long blade.

The gnome spreeading white power steps downs steps to floor and grabs a metal sheet a little bigger than of Kirra's hand. 

The human clenches jaw and grips goblet. 

The gnome with knife leans and snaps finger. 

A light appears above the chest of the human.

The human begins to inhale and exhale and grip throne. 

The gnome cuts the chest of the human.

the human screams through clenched teeth.

the gnomes cuts skin under breasts along chest.

The human breathes and breathes and his breath slows.

The gnome with knife grabs the metal sheet.

The human begins to breath deep.

The gnome pulls up the flesh and slides the metal sheet between musle and flesh.

The human screams, and head goes limb with body.

the gnomes stitches thread between flesh. 

Kirra walks to the gnome and points to the thread and needle. She holds a silver ring in her hands. She points to the soap and some rage and the white power. She clicks in goblins. <Sell.>

The gnome with needle looks at Kirra and whistles.

the gnome washing bloody tools wipes hands on towel and stands, steps to Kirra. She grabs the ring and peers at it. She whistles.

the gnome with the scaple nods. 

Two gnomes gather a bundle of white powder, thread, needles and salve. 

They trade, and Kirra leaves.

William is sharpeneing sword, and Spear is licking wounds when Kirra returns.

Kirra eats, clean and presses and link small rings in cut along armor. She cleans wounds and puts salve over cut.

Spear rolls to other side to look at Kirra and glance at William.

William sharpens blade.

Spear raisea nd leans back on wall letting the rib pain settle. He grabs crust and bits of moldy cheese and eats.

The hum from the wall sooths Spear's pain as the light feels to glow through Spear.

William feels the light and he leads back. The sting of Reighn around the scar of riegn over back sooths. William rubs back, glances at Spear.

Spear glances at William, eats drinks.

Kirra stands in hall and stretches, runs slash stares at other warriors passing. She extends nest base down small hall to other room.

Warriors walk past steping over the nest and in spots worn through the middle of the hall where the nest hasn't spread.

Gladiators stares past. Kirra weaves the nest and mends wounds and armor. 

Fffgrillla pull the glass cart through the halls. 

Shadow soldiers pass.

Kirra, William and Spear eats, the rest, the sleeo when the dark comes with the music.

The music sooths pain and seeps through dreams. Notes and colors pulse through all the minds. The lights shine and glow.

Light shines, and Kirra wakes and cleans wounds. Broken and bruises bones pop and crunch away pain then the pain is done. Cuts are mended, but a light scare remains.

Kirra steps to leave for food. 

Willliam stands, ,,I would like to run with you, Kirra.''

Kirra looks at William. She shrugs shoulders. She steps.

They run halls gathering threads, sitcks, fur bits with cheese, bones and bread crusts. Kirra leads through the halls and stares. They run while Spear lays.

Spear lays and stares away the rage inhaled with rage of William. Spear's rips feel to shift and burn. Spear licks wounds and tastes no blood or scaps.  Spear rises and walks the hall. He follows the smell of william and smells flows like Love's perfume.

Spear, Kirra and William meet near the showers and toilets.  A line waits into the hall.

Near naked warriors stand and talk. Water drips.

William stands before spear.

Spear rises on hind legs to full werehybrid height. He nudges past William and runs alone.

Kirra stands with William. ,,You remember Myst.''

William feels the sting of the star of reighn scar. ,,Yes, I remember her face and name.'' William and Kirra step from the batharea. ''Memories are...'' William shakes head and looks at Guantlet. ''They betray. They are lies.'' He clenches guantlet. His skin ripples goosebums. ''WE have our fights to freedom.''

,,Where go?'' says Kirra. ''Love's''

William clensch jaw and guantlet. 

''WE go now. Get Myst. Leave.'' says Kirra. She stands and grabs shoulders of William.

William jerks shoulder and stands before Kirra. ,,Where? Why?'' He smirks. ''The small shield? Freedom of the human people? Do save Westmore Canyon for Jan?''

Kirra peers.

William walks. ,,We fight our thirt-nine fights. Then we leave.'' He steps. ''Together or alone. And if Myst and her God will sing her to me then so it will be.''

Kirra and William walk to the nest. 

William stands near the door and sits on the nest that spreads over wall. 

Kirra steps to walk away, says, ,,Talk Jo.'' She looks back at William. ''Remember Jo? White sheet hafling warrior?''

William nods. 

Kirra says, ,,Jo says never leave. Never enough fights.''

William looks at Kirra.

Kirra looks away and walks the hall.

William says, ,,Thirty-nine fights, and we will be free.''

Kirra walks away.

Kirra leaves to the pits bellow to train and wrestle with Spear.

Spear and Kirra wrestle and fight. Spear nips and tussles.

William cleans sword and armor and dones armor and padding finding a good fit.

Spear and Kirra return. They eat. The sleep. The follow no one and only see the other a few times during the day and before sleep.

Eight lights shine and dim to dark with song.

Cuts mend and scare. Broken boken and ribs mend snd settle. A few bunps poke over skin.

As the light and hum fades, Love steps into nest holding a whip. Her long heel step between the weaves of the nest. >Rise to fight my warriors.<

Kirra spits.

Love lowers whip tip to William's nose. >|You ready to play, William.<

William swats whip tip. ,,Not you slave.''

A warming purr spread through William.

William feels light. He sways.

Kirra stands and swings fist and Love.

A shadow flickers and forms a hand that grabs Kirra's wrist.

Spear riase and stands, raises paw hand.

>We stop,< sees Love. She looks at William, winks at Spear and lashes whip against Kirra's face.

Kirra stabs.

Two shadow forms wrap her body. She feels arm and legs wrap around her.

Spear punches a shadow soldiers, hits solid. he feel pain. The shadow soliddier flows, flickers and become one with the shadows caste between the nest.

Two soldiers enter rooom and step before Love.

William feels rage rough away the purr, says, ,,Love...''

Love snaps whip. Love steps away. >|You kill or be killed.< she steps back and snaps her whip, smiles. >|We can fight later.< She pivots and walks to hall. >|You will now fight.

William staps after Love. 

,,Love...'' William steps after Love into hall. ''Love let Kirra go.'' He looks back to the hall to room. ''She. Kirra.'' He gazes at love. He feels a fuzzy warm sooth the rage. ''Please let her go for our fights. We only want to be free.''

Love stops and thrusts her bossom at William. >|Free from me.< She leans and touches lushous lips against William's hears and blows.

William shives bumps over sink. He feels to glows. He steps closer to Love to get another soft blow of breath over the ear. 

Love steps back and along hall. >Follow, William.< She then see to all. >|WE fight.<

William steps after Love. 

Love walks away. >|William, I need your help leaning Kirra to fight. You lead, and I lead you to me.<

Wiliam feels a rush of warm pump the blood.

,,I fight,'' says Kirra as she pulls from from the shadows soliders. She raises dagger at the guards. She steps when Spear steps next to her.

They walk to hall. 

William stands and says, ,,I beg of you to fight the fights. If we fight the fights then we have a change to live and be free.''

Kirra stands and spits at William's feet. ,,You a puppet. And naked.''

She walks. Spear glances at William and walks with Kirra.

William looks down at body and sees only the loin cloths. He runs into room. He puts on pads and chainmail. He grabs breast plate and straps it on. He clibs and pulls the starps to ankle hip, forearm and neck plate. he walks down hall dropping his buckler then his dagger then his belt as he steps behind Spear.

Spear follows KIrra.

Kirra walks after Love and between four soldirs.

Love leads the group thhrough the halls and stairs, the people and crowds, the smoke and smells to the dark and the quiet halls to the dim long room with a bench. 

A few gnomes mop the floor around a lay human. Three hugoblins sit on bench. Shadow Soldiers flicker from the edges of light to the dark.

Kirra stands, and Spear sits. 

Kirra says, >|You flight, Love.<

Love steps from the bench room and walks away leaving the mental talk. >|Kirra, Fight.<

The soldiers grab hilts and steps away. The Shadow Soldiers flicker and waver with the glowing globes hangin through the bench room. 

Kirra pulls in her chang and grabs swords and dagger. She glances at Separ and walks the hall to the pit. 

The pit is dim with smoke hanging above. 

Claps spread through the murmurs of the dark above. Sihlouettes above shifts near the light then the dark. 

Kirra sees a near naked woman standing at the other end of the ring by the opponent hall.

The near naked woman wears a leather neck band, a leather breast band and tight leather shirts. Her muscled body glistens with sweat. Her sliver bracers gleam from a few hovering lights balls. 

The murmurs calm and quiet. 

Kirra stands.

One shouts. ,,KIRRA!''

,,CLIT CHI KIE!'' clicks another.

Murmurs spread through dark. 

Clit Chi Kie stands and flexes. Her skinny tall body cuts through muscles. She pumps lotus folded legs, leaps a hands span from ground, kicks legs to splits, slams split heels to ground, flexes legs to slide heels to feet and body to stand.

Kirra throws dagger at Clit Chi Kie's face. 

Clit Chi Kie steps on ends of toes beginning to circle 

Kirra pivots shifts to side step. One arm held holding dagger back to throw wthi shorts sword held for block, stab or wide swing.

Clit Chi Kie hop steps and spins a kick two leaps from Kirra. Her foot appear to pass before Kirra's face. 

Kirra feels the wind from the kick.

Clit Chi Kie kick hops a circle around Kirra.

Kirra stares away thought and away the sound of murmur and doesn't hear one yell, ,,KIRRA, KILL!'' Kirra exists with the movement of only Clit Chi Kie.

Clit Chi Kie hope jumps back and forth and to the side around Kirra. 

Kirra breathes with Clit Chi Kie's bounce. The bounce the beats with heat. The heart that thumps deep.

Clit Chi Kie leaps between blinks, jumps with spin kick and spin fist while flying at Kirra.

Kirra binks and misses the leap, but sees the jump for the five foot strike. She swings arm and sword, ducking uncder circling swings. She jabs her dagger at Clit Chi Kie Cut.

Clit Chi Kie kicks at and misses Kirra's sword hand. Her back fist slams Kirra's faces as Kirra's short sword slices Clit Chi Kie's chest.   

Kirra's knife stabs air as Kirra's face and head whip to side.

Kirra stumbles, and Clit Chi Kie punches with fist at Kirra's head.

Clits Chi Kie grabs Kirra's wrist with sword. With hand hitting with back fist, she reachs for the dagger and hand of Kirra.

Dagger stabs side of chest. 

Clit Chi Kie garbs Kirra hand as Kirra pullse away holding blad. 

Kirra dropse sword, pulls on arm held by Clit Chi Kie, leap up and kicks out.

Clit Chi Kie jumps up and flips over kirra. 

Kirra falls to ground as feet thrust to hit air. She slashs back and hits.

Clit Chi Kie lands on feet and twsits Kirra's wrist and arm.

Kirra turns body over ground with arm twist and grabs short sword and swings sword as she pushes legs to leap at Clit Chi Kie.

Clit Chi Kie bents Kirra's wrist and twists. 

Kirra's wrist popps. Her shoulder slams the bloody stomach of Clit Chi Kie. She slashes short sword at Clit Chi Kie's ankles.

Clit Chi Kie leaps over Kirra's blade and wraps body around Kirra.

Kirra and Clit Chi Kie fall back and to ground. Kirra rolls over body to the floor and over the floor to the wall. Her wrist burns pains, but that pain is beyond Kirra. 

Kirra pulls knifes and stands.

Clit Chi Kie leaps to feets and spins a kick to face Kirra. She kicks at Kirra as kirra stands and blindly slashse short sword under foot.

Kirra stands and leans back with slash seeing a foot kick past. She step back, and leands and steps and walks back holding sword.

Clit Chi Kie lands foots and hops back then bounces side to side with focus staring at Kirra as Kirra retreats.

Kirra raises sword and walks away from Clit Chi Kie.

Clit Chi kie hops forward and side kicks at Kirra.

Kirra side steps and slashes sword at foot. Her for sword hilt hits Clit Chi Kie's leg away. 

Clit Chi Kie's foot swings to side, and her body spins with blocked kick to hit Kirra's shoulder.

Kirra stumbls to side, drops short sword and pulls dagger, throws dagger.

Dagger flies over Clit Chi Kie's head.

Another foot hits Kirra's shoulders. 

Kirra punches wild and stumbles back to a stand near the dark hall from ring.

Clit Chi kicks and steps with a puunch.

Foot is hits away by forearm of broke hand and other hand grabs dagger. Fist glances off Kirra's face. 

Kirra slashes dagger then stabs. Dagger cuts stomach and stabs the leather strabs around Clit Chi's breasts.

Clit's arms blur and palms strike Kirra on face, chest and stomach.

A force like stones hits through leather and steel studs into Kirra. 

Kirra's body jerks with hits. Her knees buckle, lose hold. Kirra falls. She stabs.

Clit's foot kicks at the falling Kirra, and Kirra's knife stabs Clit's foot.

Kirra falls and rolls at Clit Chi Kie's foot, pulls dagger and throws blade. 

Clit Chi Kie leaps with on leg over the rolling Kirra and slams heel down on Kirra's shoulders after Kirra throws dagger. Clit chi's heel hits Kirra and spins to finish kick with stabbed foot.

Kirra's dagger flies and cuts Clit Chi's shoulder then falls. 

Kirra's shoulder pops when Clit Chi's Kie heel hits. Her body rolls and rolls feeling sharp pain as shoulder and wrist hit palm.

Clit Chi Kie falls on butt with a thumb. She pulls knife from foot, closes eyes and stands.

Kirra stands from a roll and pulls a dagger from waist sheath.     

Clit Chi Kie drops Kirra's knife and steps with no limb leaving bloody foot print toward Kirra.

Kirra stands with daggers raises for swipe or upward stab. Poins spreads through pain bringin the focus from Clit Chi Kie to the dim dark, the smoke and some talking and a few claps. Kirra inhales then exhales away the mind and the pain of the broke wrist.

Clit Chi Kie steps then cartwheels at Kirra. She tucks and flips over Kirra.

Kirra slashes behind.

C;it Chit hits Kirra's forarm with her forearm and smacks Kirra and the face twice.

Kirra's head snaps back, and body stumble, ducks a third punch while stabbing at arm.

Knife stabs bicep of Clit Chi Kie and pulls and twists while slamming head into the stab wound on the side of Clit.

Clit's body hold the force against William. She slams eblow into Kirra's ramming head then her back. Clit wraps arm around Kirra's neck. 

Kirra pulls on dagger in Clit's arm. She wraps arm with broke wrist around Clit Chit Kie's chest pushes.

Clit Chi Kie pivots and twists to throw spin and throw Kirra. 

Kirra holds and sweeps Clit Chi Kie's legs. 
 
C;it Chi Kie  wraps stabbed arm around Kirra's arm that is stabbing and falls with Kirra.

They hit.

They roll.

Clit Chi Kie slams forehead against the face of Kirra.

Kirra pulls knife in Clit Chi Kie and pushes head into the stab mark under Clit's arm. Pain pumps from her shoulder and hand. 

Chit Chi Kie holds Kirra arms and warps arms under arms and around waist. 

Kirra turns the knife in arm. 

Blood pumps and pours from Clit Chi Kie's arms, over kirra and floor.

Kirra feels her focus fade and mind become distant. Her body feels to float. Pain becomes numb.

Chit Chi Kiehold and wriggles and bleeds.

Blood spreads over the floor like a puddle growing into a pond. 

Kirra and Chit Chi Kie roll and rock and hold eachother in the blook of blood. 

Kirra's grip on knife slips.

And Chit Chi Kie's body lays still.

Kirra rolls away leaing knife in Chit Chi Kie's arm and pulling another from a hip sheath. She stops roll on chest and tries to push to a kneel put slips and falls. She breathes blowing ripples over the blood.

,,KIRRA!'' shouts a group. People murmur and talk. 

Kirra stares over the pool of blood at Chit Chi Kie'

Chit Chi Kie's body lay.

Kirra lays and breathes. She inhales, stands, hold pain, exhales. She grabs Chit Chi Kie's leather strap around neck and pulls the body from ring along hall to bench where she sits with huff and sigh.

blood dries as Kirra sits.

All hear Love's thoughts in their minds, >|Spear, fight.<

Spear stands and looks down at Kirra.

Kirra  glance at Spear then lifts head.

They stare.

Kirra nods and shrugs.

Spear nods head back and shrugs. He walks the hall feeling a pull of pain through ribs. He clenches fists.

In the ring, two gnomes mop blood puddle then runn to a rope ladder hanging down from wall. The gnomes run to wall and climb.

From Spear, over the blood, steps two hugoblins wearing black studded leather covered with a black chainmail.

A beast with a bull head and horns on a huge human body with hooves for feet. Its snout blows and flars. its black eyes peers. It walks with a crouch from the hall with head twisted slightly to let horns lead to the pit. Its red hid spreads from hooves to hands and horns. A chain shirt hanngs over studded leather pants and silver hip plates. Two short swords that look like daggers hanging from a steel belt with small stell boxes and ropes hanging around the wide waist of the beats clomping through the hall.

In the pit the minotaur stands to three heads taller than Spear and two hands wider than Spear. The hooves clomp agasints the glass floor. The snout blusters.

Spear stands.  His heart thumps and races. He breathes and focues. He smiles showing big pointed teeth. His thick finger claws clench a fist. His thick toungue licks lip and teeth. His body hair and hide covered body feels to pull and grow and stretch. He stands tall and nips teeth.

Spear and the minotaur stands at opposite ends on the side of a pool of blood.

A billow of smoke blows from the sihlouette between Spear and the beast.

The sihlouette crowd talks. One clears throat while another coughs.

The minotaur inhales and blows out a puffs of smoke.

The minotaur stomps and blusteers and smiles with his snout. He stares at Spear. His hooves stomp blood pool. ,,I am Red from Waterdown, and you are Spear.'' He raises and stands straight raises another head taller than Spear. his voice raises and pulls double headed battle axe from back. He shouts. ''AND WE WILL FIGHT!'' he roars and shakes the battle axe.

The sihlouette crowds cheers and claps. One shout, ,,REEEEEEED!''

,,KILL RED, SPEAR,'' shouts another.

Red slashs battle axe over ground and staps at Spear. ,,You ready to fight for you life and honor to breathe the same air as my might.'' His low voice flares with nostrals as he charges.

Bull hooves hit floor and charge.

Spear leaps from ground and surries around from from the minotaur, Red.

Red jerks head and horns as he passes in a rush. He swing battle axe in a wide circlue around and past Spear. 

Spear scurries and steps behind Red. 

Red follows the battle axe swing to sping and pivote on hooves, clomp hoves, say with bluster. ,,You're a quick rat.'' He raises battle axe with both hands and swings it slow back and forth. ''A big rat. A big rat I will make smaller.'' Red swings the battle axe once, ''Come here!'' twice.

Spear leaps back once, twice. Battle axe slices Spear's arm once. Spear leaps after second swing and grabs Red's arms, leaps and pulls his body to swing around to Spear's back as Red charges to the ohter side of the ring..

Red laughs and pivots and leaps backward. ,,FOOL!''

Spear wraps arms around Red's thick neck and squeezes.

They slam the wall. Spear squeezes between, and his ribs press pain then rebound.

Red says with a deep wheeze, ,,Spear, your too weak to last.''      

Spear holds his squeeze around neck.

Red laughs deep and kicks hooovers and charges to the other side. ,,Ready for a ride.''

Spear squeezes and holds feeling his muscles wrestle with the thick stone feeling neck of Red. He squeeze arms and bites back of Red's neck, sees the world a blurr then a wall. Spear lets  and falls.

Red raors with bite and slams back agisnt wall.

Spear hits floor. Hooves trample his arms.

Red slips and falls to floor. ,,Tiny little rat. I will...'' He sits and swing battle axe.

Spear ducks and rolls away and hopes to side. he scurries backward to other side of pit as Red stands.

Red stands and swings battles axe. He smiles muzzle and says loud, ,,A FIGHT!'' He lifts battle axe and pumps arms while screaming. ''AAAAAAAAAA FFFFFFFFIGHT!''

Clicks and clacks and surface follow shout.

Spear stand twitching from Red to the noise. He sniffs and smells the sweat musk of Red.

Red snots, snot falls. Red swing battle axe low and ciomps. ,,I like my rat meet rare and bloody.''

Spear watch and looks at REad and battles..

Red snorts and runs and sweeps battle had across the ring Spear.

Spear scurries away from the axe and hits the wall. Spear hopes and leaps aways, ducks under second swing and rolls at Red, leaps and hits Red's shoulder.

Red slams shoulder at wall and Spear bites and claws Red's chest.

Spear grabs and grabblles to Red's back.

Red slams shoulder into wall. 

Wall cracks.

Red rolls back along the wall.

Spear bites Red's neck and digs claws onto chest and an arm bit.

They roll to back.

Red slams and slams back gainst Spear and Spear into wall.

Spear bites and stabs with claws and scrapes and cuts chest and armpits. 

Blood spreads from hairy red hide of Red.

Red raors and laughs. ,,YOU LICKLE ME!''

the small wall.

Spear feels a ripe pop. Pain brusts. He releases and falls to ground.

On ground, Red stomps and stampeeds the class.

Glass cracks spread. 

Spear scurries on all fours from read. Hooves stomp on leg and hand. Finger feels bo break as Spear scurries to a two leg stand behind Red. 

Red spins and swings battle axe.

Spear jumps and flips away from Red and over slicing axe. He lands on feet and leaps at Red.

Red releases handle of battle axe and thrusts arms at Spear.

Spear hits Red's throat with head. He feels a thunk like hitting wall. He bits shoulder.

Red stumlbes back and grunts. ''Good. Show.'' He puts hand on Spear's head and punches Spear's chest.

Spear warps arm around Red's chest and neck and bites and nipples through the thick hide. 

Red snort and heaves and whipes head trying to push Spear from bodye. He heaves and pushes, but Spear holds.

Spear feels the rib sting paine. He feelis blook in mought. He feels his heart thump and body want for the blood and he bites and squeezes.

Red roars and dances a cicle pulling and pushign trying to pry hand between spi and body, but only dances.

Spear bits a chunk of flesh and skin from Red's shoulder.

Blood squirts then flows.

The crowd claps and cheers. On screams. ,,SPEAR!''

Spear doesn't hear no feel anything but the rage burning through body and over mind as the blood from Red zings through body.

Red raors and stomps and charges at wall as he punches Spear's head. Two fist hit. One smacks Spear on snouts.

A tooth breaks from Spears' jaw. 

Spear bites neck.

Red slams wall, Spear.

Spear's rib breaks. 

Pain blooms through the world of rage. 

Spear noips and bits.

Red slams Spear gainst the all. ,,LEAVE ME LITTLE BUG!''

Spear reaches for Red's faces and slash it with claws as he releases hodl and falls to ground.

Red hits wall and kicks hooves.

Hooves hit spear's face and chest. 

Spear kicks and pushes through the furry of blood leaving a trail of coughing blood behind Red.

Red kicks hoof behind and stomps back.

Hoof hits Spear, and Spear falls to ground. Blood smears. 

,,I am scratched,'' says Red. Red turns and stamps and Spear raising fists while peering at the ground trying to hit Spear with hoove. ''YOU ARE A RODENT.''

Spear stands on twos and hops back from Red,

Red punch. ,,Stop so we can end this before we bore these people.'' He swings fist as they step into the center for the pit.

Spear hops and leaps hight in to the air with feet raising to sun's waist and kicks both feet at Red waist.

Red pivts and sweeps arms hitting Spear's ankles causing Spear to spin.

Spear spins and shoulder hits Red's waits then he falls, hits. He grabs a hoove and ankle.

Red stumbles and shakes and kicks leg, grabs short sword.

Spear shoves shoulder into knee and arms pulls on hoove. 

Red's leg breaks.

Spear bites between Red's leg between the studs, the metal sheets and through the leather and hide flesh and balls.

Red roars and stabs shorts sword at Spear's back.

Spear grabs the sword hilt and hand. Short sword tip pokes his back.

Red slams fist into Spear's spin. 

Spear slams ground and pulls on hand holding sword. Rib cracks snaps pain.

Red roars and drops sword.

Spear grabs short sword and rises to knees while swinging short sword at other Red's other knee.

Red shouts, ,,READY TO DIE,'' as he hops up and over sword swing and bashes fist into Spear smount.

Spear's head whips and hand catches hoove and pulls Red's leg

Red's head hits and horns smack and crack the floor. He roar's, ,,THIS IS A FIGHT.'' He grabs and pulls short sowrd from steel belt.

Red lefts chest to a sit and reaches and swings short sword and whips head and horns near Spear.

Spear steps back and stands away from Red.

Red raors and swings swords and kicks one leg. Blood flows from between legs and around hanging leg with ankle bent sideways.

Spear stesp close and steps away from short sword stike.

Red swings sword then the throws sword.

William knocks short sword with back of hand to the ground.  
 
Red rolls to chest and pulls to knee and hops to hoove. 

Spear grabs short sword with foot and tosses short sword  to hand. Ribs pop a pain as Spear swing short swords as Red hops to hoove.

Short sword hits and cuts Red's head and horn.

Red's hope to hoove is ankled as he hops and twirls around pulling short sword from steel belte.

Spear stabs at Red and reaches for Red's hand holding short sword.

Spear stabs short sword into Red's hips and grabs arms of Red swing sword and sweeps leg at hoove and leg of Red.

Blood pool splash and Red hops and stops twist and whips and swings head at Speaer head.

Spear trips and pushes Red.

Red falls with head and horns punching near Spear's face. His head smacks and splashes blood and breaks glass.

Spear stabs Red's head shoving short sword blade through chin, mouth throat and horn base.

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shouts one a sihlouette fan.

The sihlouette crowd claps and talk loud.

Clicks and clacks spread.

A rope ladder falls along hall walls and two gnomes wearing black body suits climb down with bucket in hand.

Spear stares at Red's face breathing, feeling the life of Red leave Red. Spear stares at Red's eyes and sees...

A grand desert in a jail. He sees lush swamp with a herd of minotaurs running through the time. He sees to small minotaur children tied in chains. He sees an open green field and smells the dew drying the flower pollen as hooves hit the soft dirt spreading over the hills...

Spear feels a point poke legs.

Spear stands and stares at Red and blinks away. He smells the hide and hears the clapping. He looks at leg.

A gnome pokes broom handle into Spear's thigh and points to hall door.

Smoke clouds.

Spear looks at Red adn feels Red's life remain as he pulls the minotaur by the horns along hall. He sits on seat and grabs Red's Great Battle Axe.

>Kill, William,< sees Love to William.

william looks at Spear and stands. He glances at Kirra.

Kirra looks away from Wiliam.

William walks the hall to the pit and the blood mopping gnomes. 

The gnomes pull buckets and walk to wall leaving blood hand and foot prints up wall and over side.

William clenches guantlet and hand pulls long sword from sheath. He raises buckler and look at the ring, the dark and the hall.

The ring is blood stain with cracks and shards of glass broke to pieces.

The dark castes sihlouettes people standing and sitting an moving between seats. The seats caste sihloueets with tall and wide backs and blush arm reasts. Goblins and goblets are raised from tables. Tubes are sucked on and smoke exhaled. Smoke bows to ring and over the hall of darkness.

The crowd talks and clicks and clacks. One laughs and another claps.

The hall darkness  then glows dim. Two shilouttes walking one after the other walk the hall. Short swords and small shield are in hand.

William steps to center and steps toward hall.

The talk becomes a murmur...

Two hugoblins step from hall. They hold steel small shields, steel short swords. They wear soldiers armor of black studded leather covered with faded red chain main. Chain coils hang from head and around their skiny hugoibn goblin faces. Black scard cross faces. Vines and ropes wrap around their waist holding scimitars. The two hugoblins click and clack and stare.

The murmur becomes a few whisper.

William stands and stares and smell smoke, dark root and brown weed fuming from the pair. 

Love sees to William's mind. >|Kill, William.<

William feels her purr pump heart.

The two hugoblins click and clack and on points with short sword.

,,WILLIAM THE SWORD!'' shouts one.

William steps leading with buckler and slashes with long sword at one gladiator. The long sword bashes small shield denting corner and cuts leather sleeve and skin

The crowd claps.

The gladiator spread and raises short swords. They click and clack at a rythm. The hold swords at William and short swords to side.

,,William,'' says one of the gladiators

William glances.

The other slices with short sword.

William parries slash and shield punches the face of the warrior then slashes with sword cutting another cut in armor.

The warriors steps away with shield held at William.

The one hugoblin gladiator says, ,,KlackClock, GitThutFlikUmtStah. The swamp lands. We fight in swamp.'' He points to self. ''KlackClock.'' He poinst to the other. ''

The other hugoblins clicks and clacks and raises shield and steps from william.

Willliam stands in the center.

The one hugoblin says, ,,We fight. We take you Goblin City.''

William stands in center watching both warriors at onces. He ppers at the faces and the swords. He sees the roots tied around waits. He sees and feels to know both warriors. He stares at one and glances at the other.

Both warriors side step around William.

The crowd quiets.

And love sees to William's mind, >|Kill, William. Kill for me.<

Wililam says, ,,Speak why you are here while you fight.'' William slashes sword at one then lunges for the other hitting shield with long sword. 

Long sword dents shield. the warrior runs away. 

William pivots pputting back near wall. 

The two warroirs meet on the other side. The one says, ,,The army has moved. It controls. The fight gone. The swamp now dry. Trees and people enslaved.''

William stands with shield raises and sword to strike. ,,Is the army beyond Lyno and the Westmore Canyons.''

Love sees. >|Kill. William. Kill, William. Kill, William.<

William grips swords and stides steps at at the two.

The KlackClock glances at GitThutFlikUmtStah then William and says, ,,Lyno is captured.''

William roars and steps and swings word, punches with shield.

GitThutFlikUmtStah steps at William and raises shield and stabs sword.

Wililaim shield knocks aside short sword and Long sword guts GitThutFlikUmtStah's shield arm. He back slashes at KlackClock.

>|Kill, William,< sees Love to William's mind.

Klack Clock says, ,,How you live? We live through swamps. Hide. Captured. We sold here. Paying for people's lives.''

GitThutFlicUmtStah peers at William and holds short sword away from blade.

William pivots hell near center holding buckler.

>|Kill,< sees Love to William's mind.

Klack Clock says, ,,We fight. We fight for our families. Money.''

GitThutFlicUmtStah side stepbs before KlackClock as they both step around center or ring and William.

>|Kill.<

William steps and swings sword arch wide.

GitThutFlicUmtStah raises shield and slashes under.

William's long sword hits shield. William's buckler deflects short sword slash.

Guantlet punches GitThutFlicUmtStah's stomach.

Klack Clock side steps and swipes short swork at William's shoulder.

William raises spiked shoulder plate, and Klack Clock sword catches and locks on spikes.

William thrusts shoulder at Klack Clock while raise shield at GitThutFlicUmtStah and bahs down long sword.

GitThutFlicUmtStah hits William's sword with shield and stabs short sword at William's chest.

William's hits Klack Clocks shield, and the shield hits Klack Clocks faces. His buckler hits the short sword of GitThutFlicUmtStah, and the short sword cuts wrist of bare hand holding long sword.

Klack Clock says, ,,You fight for the enmey!'' before shield hits face. Then stumbles back from William. ''We fight the army. Our land. You land.''

The words end with, >Kill,< seen through Williams mind and through is body with a vibration of a purr.

GitThutFlicUmtSta clicks and clacks and swipes short sword from chest and William's face.

William leans head black and spins away from blade and swings long swork at Klack Clock.

Klack Clock raises small shield at the long sword, but long sword slices into leather, skin, elbow and tendons. Klack Clocks shield and arm falls. he stumbles.

Willaim follows spin and swings and stands with back to near ring wall and the gladiators before.

>Kill,< feels William through body.

GitThutFlicUmtStah clicks and clacks while slashing and stabbing at William.

William parries and shield blocks the sword. ,,My land is gone.'''

Klack Clock yelps from the sword cut and bash short sword at William like a hammer striking a stake. His short sword cuts William's hear and shoulder with spikes.

William bends head and leans away from the bashing sword, swing long sword wide at GitThutFlicUmtStah, slash  at Klock Clack and raises small shield.

Bashing sword nicks Wiliam's hear and hits his sholder plates.

William's long sword cuts GitThutFlicUmtStah's chin and cuts Klock Clack's chest plat cutting a strap.

Klack Clock bashes and bashes short sword and William as his arm swings with whimper like moans with clicks and clacks. 

GitThutFlicUmtStah steps to William's with a back slachs and shield bash along side Klack Clock. 

Wililam swings buckler and guantlet fist at the bashing short sword and parries the back slashing sword by knocking it down and away from body. 

Shield bashes William's face.

A stun shocks through body, and head whips back.

William sway for an instance then steps forward with a back swing of long sword swing and a rush  step between GitThutFlicUmtStah and Klack Clock. He leads rus with a guantlet punch and  spiked shoulder plate.

GitThutFlicUmtStah steps away from Williima's wide back swing. Klack Clock raises shield and guantlet hits and bends it away.

William steps between both Klack Clock and ducks and spins.

Klack Clock swings short sword.

William ducks pivots and back swings long sword and hits away Klacks Clocks long sword. He steps to center of ring.

GitThutFlicUmtStah blocks William's sword and swings at William and hits William's shield.

Klack Clock slashes William's hip plate. Blade skps and slides between plates and cuts through leather and leg.

Williams stands in center swipes at GitThutFlicUmtStah and back slash at Klack Clack's while raise shield to meet the sword of GitThutFlicUmtStah.

GitThutFlicUmtStah swords hit William's buckler and blocks Williams swipe.

Klack Click stesp and swide swings hiting Williams shoulders as Williams sword slashes and cuts into Klack Clicks should.

Klock Click stumbles to the side.

>|Kill, William< feels Love to William.

William back slashes and then bashes sword at GitThutFlicUmtStah.

The long sword cuts arm hitting away shield and cutting then slams hip with a pop.

Klack Clock' s limply swings, and sword pounces off William's bracer.

GitThutFlicUmtStah punches shield and hits William's sword hands and swings sword hitting Klack Clock's sword.

William swing sword wide hitting away both swords then stabs sword under the arm of GitThutFlicUmtStah, steps back and raise guantlet and buckler.

The short sword stabs into GitThutFlicUmtStah, who drops sword, jerks back and slides from blade with a stumble.

Klack Clock swing sword, and William hits it with buckler. 

Then william steps and punch Klock's Clock's face. 

Guantlet hits and pops agains Kclock Clock, and blood flows from nose as head whips back.

Klack Clock stumbles and swings sword while GitThutFlicUmtStah raises shield and swing short sword.

Klack Clock's short sword hits Williams arm with a thud while William parries GitThutFlicUmtStah sword. 

William holds sword and cuts a circle with tip and twists the short sword from GitThutFlicUmtStah's hand. 

The sword falls in blood spots dripping from GitThutFlicUmtStah.

GitThutFlicUmtStah steps back and clicks and clacks.

Klack Clock swings short sword. ,,You kill for army.''

William hits away Klack Clocks sword and slashes Klack Clock's throat then lunges spiked shoulder at GitThutFlicUmtStah.

Klack Clock says, ,,You one of them, '' as blood seeps from throat and feet step at William.

GitThutFlicUmtStah hits William with shield and pulls scimitar from sheath..

William slashes GitThutFlicUmtStah's arm, hits the wrist.

GitThutFlicUmtStah drops scimitar and blood. Bashes with sword.

Klack Clock lifts short sword steps and drops sword and reaches for neck as he falls to knees near Willain

William stebs back letting Klack Clock to fall between him and a stumbling GitThutFlicUmtStah.

GitThutFlicUmtStah steps back and stands. He says with with a few clicks. ,,Goblins Soldiers.''

Klack Clock falls on ground and bleeds.

GitThutFlicUmtStah throws shield and leaps at William. 

William punches with guantel and shoves shoulder into GitThutFlicUmtStah.

The guantlet punches GitThutFlicUmtStah's face with a crack. The shoulder armor spikes shove into the side of face as they collide. 

William falls back and GitThutFlicUmtStah falls on top.

GitThutFlicUmtStah lays dead.

William breathes and swepts. Arms and write feels numb. He tosses GitThutFlicUmtStah to ground and stands.

The sihloutte crowd claps. A few says, ,,William the Warrior.''

William gathers weapons and stabs them into the two bodies stacked on the other. He pulls as two gnoms climb down walls and mop floor.

Kirra and William sit next to the other at the edge of a bench, next to a pile armor and great axe.

William pulls a necklace from Klack Clock and hits scimitars, stands behind Spear.

Spear smells jasmine and feel his heart thump and pump as lung inhae then exhale.

Love steps from the darkness. Tight white leather pushes breats to dark green round mounds and butt like circle. She walks with black whip with lashes over shoulder.  >|You are killers beyond the hope of Senator Ring and the weak warriors that have fallen from your blade.<

Kirra stands and walks at Love and past her.

Spear follows, but as Kirra passes. Love slides and step and stands before Spear.

Spear stops and William stands and peers at both.

Love looks at Spear and smiles. She grabs his claw hand and purrs. >|You are all beasts that can tame the wild, but can you tame me?<

Spear pulls away from Love.

William grips the hilt of sword and steps by Spear nudge his shoulders with plate. He peers at Love.

Love looks at Spear and rubs between Spears legs and glances at William. >|Most are killers that can kill without thought.<  She steps from the trio. >|The guards will guide you to Ghhriud.< She walks to the darknes. 

William follows, says, ,,I shall walk with you, Love, to protect you from harm of these lust full minds all wanting their bodies to be with you.<

Two guard stand before Wiliam.

William pushes on and slaps another.

Then one by one Shadow Soldiers appear around the trio.

Spear and Kirra stands hold their bundles. Spear smells Love's jasmines scent blow away, and his heart beat slows. He step and says with a slight squeak. ,,We go to nest.''

Kirra nods. 

Shadow soldiers' hold William.

Wiliam relaxes and steps back pumping into Spear.

Spear peers down and nudges William. ,,Move or lead to nest.''

William stares. He looks back. ,,And now you speak.'' He steps before the two soldiers. ''And now you want to lead us again.''

The two soldiers look at William then Spear.

,,Nest,'' says Kirra.

The soldiers pivot in sync then step through the dark wall and through the halls of glass and fur down and up the steps to their nest.

William follows watching the soldiers lead and peering through the crowds for Love.

Spear and Kirra follow and on the nest in the hall. 

Spear grabs the Red's Great Battle Axe and lits it before.

William peers through the hall up and down then peers at Spear. ,,Are you now suddenly in the mood to talk and share your thoughts?'' 

William tosses his bundle to the door across hall from the room door and hall with the nest. He steps over the nest to the door and looks with in. 

Light and silence span. 

Wiliam steps through the light hall into the light small room then out. He grabs his bundle and tosses it inside. 

Spear and Kirra watch. 

KIrra says, ,,Words are worthless.''

Spear smiles.

And for ten nights and lights, Kirra and Spear eat, sleep, run and spare together. The spare in the gym. They eat along the hall. They weave the nest making it grow across the hall and long the walls and over the ceiling. The hide coinds and pouches and Red's steel belt in the nest. Near the end of the ninth light, Spear grabs the steel belt of Red and pops open one of the boxes. Kirra grab Spear's hand and the box and points to her head and shakes head. Spear nods and they rest as darkness comes.

William sleeps in empty room for the nine darknesses. Runs the halls alone and sits and eats in silence thinking of Love.

The scar Star of Reighn over back stings during the light. During the dark, the scar Star of Reign over back numbs and tingles. The tingles spread through William as he sleeps in the glass room.

After the first light, he walkes to the sting of the Scar of Reighn. Cuts and nicks are faint scars. Black and blue bruises are the soft pin of William's skin. He feels his heart beat and softly hums with the beat in the small glass room.

William cleans his armor, his spikes, chain mail and plates. He scrubs his leather and hide padding. He shines his silver bracers. 

He buys from Fffgrillla's cotton cloths and soaps and a bucket. He buys a lock box with a lock and key with a button near bottom that when pressed will disarm the the spring that breaks and spray toll dust. 

The troll dust melts skin and eyes when wet. 

He buys a blanket, comb and mirror. 

William buy food from  Fffgrillla's cart and drinks from water from the fountain near the baths. 

After the first night, William cleans armor, stocks lock box and puts box from the wall near wall leaving the button face the center of room. William runs the halls. He wrestles in the bits below. He pulls ropes of weight and strenght in the gym. He eats soup, muttong, beef, root and leaves from Fffgrillla.

He cleans armor, stretches and hums. He puts everythign in the box and walks to the showers and bathes. 

The first night in the showers he sees the two hairy humans who raped him. The stair and peers. One puckers a kiss. William walks away with mind and body tense ready for a flinch. 

After the second night, William follows his routine with the routine of Kirra and Spear sleeping around the next in hall and room across the door from Williams light.

And during the night, William hums before sleep and sleeps naked in the floor feeling a singing vibration spread over skin. He lays his dagger in hand and hunder back. He holds is long sword. He hears Spear snore a squeak.

Ten nights and lights pass with Spear not talking, but staring and running with Kirra. The weave the nest and hid the gains. They heat leftovers and traing and wrestle and sleepy.

Then the tenth light shines and early in the light, Love spreads the smell of ciminommon before her thoughts enter the trios minds. 

Love sees, >|Read to kill.< She alks and stand in the hall. 

All see Love stand in hall. Four soldiers stand around her. The shadow's flicker around the shine around William's armor bundle and the cloth on ground. 

Spear and Kirra wake and stretch. Kirra throws on chain shirt and belts. She pulls tight the loose chain mess over arms and legs, chest. She grabs knifes from the weave of the nest.

Spear stands and grabs Red's Great Battle Axe and walks to hall.

Love looks from Spear to William.

William's armor twinkles with the light shinding through the nest and tapestries, rugs over and hanging from walls. William's skin is clean. His hair combed a part down the middle with a tiny poney tak in back framing his square jaw and stone face adn rough beard.

All feel a warm vibration purr through their bodys.

>|My beautiful warrrios,< sees Love. Love looks at Kirra. >|All my beauty.<

Kirra clenches dagger.

William says, ,,I fight for the glory and the Love.'' William hums with the beat of his heart and a buzz that feels to sing from the walls.

Love sees, >|You sing no song to kill.< 

The purr through the trio's bodies flows to an itch.

William stops his hum with his heart.

The star of Reighn on Wiliam's back itches and burns.

Love steps and leads.

The walk the halls, the stairs, the caverns of glass walke before, but then walk Wax instead of Wane from a hall to a grand hall to a bright open dome with glass buildings rising from ground and protudes from the wall.

The gigantic dome room is filled with people walking and talk between glass buildings short and tall. Clicks and clack; murmur and shouts; puffs of mist and clouds of smoke flow with the people.

,,Where go,'' says Kirra.

Love walks and sees to all. >|You have been moved to the Grand Arean. You will be fighting in the Dome and the Pit.< She points along the base of a glass building to the building's top. >|You will fight there.<

There, on top of the building, is a massive ball as wide as a pond.

William stares. ,,It appears to be similar than the ball we fought when leaving the desert.''

Love steps. The soldiers follow. The pack is herded through glass streets and alleys.

People step away from the soldiers and the pack. They stare and point.

One shouts, ,,IT IS SPEAR!''

The enter a building of halls and doors.

Love sees, >|You will fight and kill being like you never seen. You will no longer fight in the dark, but the light before the crowd.< She leads soldiers, and soldiers lead pack along a wide hall to wide double doors.

Wide double doors open.

A wide room with glass lockers and boxes span around the walls with bench creating a boarder around the center. In the center of the bright room tables and bench rest in rows and columns. A big tube of steaming water from the center.

Elven, human, orc, ogre, halfling, id, roma, dwarf, thri-keen and gome sit on benches, lay on platforms and float in pool in center of large room. Warriors wear sweat and bruises; cuts and bandaage, armor and weapons.  Workers wearing gray body suits that hang over body like the sheets once worn by the pack.

>|Workers are wearing gray sheets. Warriors are everyone else,< sees Love.

Warriors sit on benches before lockers with shields and guantlets hanging on pegs and shelves. They lay on benches. They talk and laugh, drink and eat. They roam around naked and dressed. The glance at Spear. A few nods. A couple shout at the workers.

Workers mop the floors and scub the benches. They carry trays of cheeses and meats, goblets with water and ale. They stitch cuts and clean wounds. The massage muscles of laying warriors. They mend broken legs and arms. They hold towels for the warroirsl eaving the steaming pool in the center.

The steam rises through the room and over William.

William steps by Love and stands. ,,And where in this new fighting area do we begin our fight for a seat.''

The soldiers stand by the wide double doors.

Love steps into room, sees, >|You find a place to wait before and after the fight in the ring. The fight in the room begins now.<

William says, ,,If any here are want to try to harm me then my blades or fist they will taste and eat.''

An orge siting near rises from a croch to tie boot and laughts with mouth wide and showing rows of thick pointed teeth.

>|This room is the Warriors Waiting. You do not fight or kill or drop blood in this room. It is the law of the city and the law of these warriors.< Love steps back and says, >|You name will be called when it is time to fight. You will follow two workers to the ring. You will kill the other gladiator. You will remain in the ring until two workers escort yoy from the ring and pull the body into the room. You will enter the room and take from the body what you desire then follow the two workers into this room.< Love steps and looks from William to Kirra to Spear.

Spear steps past love scanning the room and meeting long glances with a stare. 

Kirra steps after Spear and bumps Love with shoulder. 

William stands and hums with his heart. He looks long at Love and lets look become a stare over her breast and thights. His hums stops as he says, ,,Will I be seeing you after the fight Love as it is my hope we may be together gain.''

Love looks at a hugoblins the size of Spear holding a great sword and tower shield following the lead of a gnome and half-elf wearing gray workers. Love glances at Willaim. >|You sing you will be alone.< She walks away.

And William's hum stops, and the scare star of Reighn sting. William watches Spear and Kirra walk through the wide and long room and sit on a bench.

William steps and follows. He stands by the bench near the wall and near Spear and Kirra.

They wait. They sit, stand and follow a dwarf to a hole to pee. They drink water from basens along the wall. They watch clean warriors walk to a hall with entrance guarded by soldiers and into a darkens. Then see a few of those warriors return bloody and limping.

An elf with blone hair and round cheeks and a gnome with wrinkled face adn white hair step to Spear and click and clack. They point to Spear and point to hall.

Spear looks at Kirra and glances back at William. He lifts Red's Great Axe and follows.

Kirra steps toward William while watching Spear walk with the gnomes to the hall where warriors walk.

The soldiers standing along the sides of the hall entrance.

The hall spans to a light. Tapestry of warriors posing in fighting actions hang from either side like they will fight in the middle of the hall. Light shines above and below through the glass floor and lights the way as the hall walls narrrow and the warrior tapestries get closer to the battle. And the hall meets and leads to circluar room.

The two workers stops by two soldiers standing in the circle.

the soldiers and the workers stop from the cuircle to the hall.

One work clicks and clacks while the other speaks surface talk. ,,You are the first warrior.''

A calls wall slides fast between the circle room and hall.

Spear leaps to the new wall and hits the glass walls.

A crack spreads throug sliding wall near the face of one of the guards, who stares through the wall.

The floor moves. It rises.

Spear steps to the center of the rising circle and grips Red's Great Axe.

Above, a bright light shine dims to a glow. A glow radiates shades of white around a sphere.

The sphere is as tall and wide as a tower. 

Spaer rises from a hole in the sphere to the sphere. He peers at the glow.

A muffled murmur and talk whispers to Spear.

Spear rises into the glow.

Through the glow, People stare and point. They laugh, and the laughter is heard through glass.

The glow forms a sphere. And around the sphere are bleechers and stairs surrounding the the dome. 

Only Spear stands in the glow. 

The glow dims, and a glass sphere appears around Spear. 

The sphere moves. It's glass surface turn and slides over the glass platform wher e spear stands.

Spear steps and walks on the moving sphere to stand in place.

The people through the glass sphere walk away from seat. They drink from mugs and eat from buckets and plates. Siliver and gold necklaces and rings are seen through as Spear walks.

Then the sphere roll stops and rolls back the same way until the hold is at the base, and Spear stands at the base.

He hears a booming surface talk voice say through the glass sphere, ,,IT IS SPEAR.'' And the people clap and a few stand.

The round platform rises with a id standing on top.

Spear hears a booming surface talk voice say, ,,AZURE.''

Spear leaps back as the id swipes a katan at feet.

Azure, an id, slash another katan then leaps from the platform the  the base of the sphere. Her upper two hands hold katans and low two hands hold small shields. A chain mail covers chests, arms and wastes and hangs below the wastes and leather armor covered with bits plates. A chain belt holds two katan's and a chain. A spiked collar surrpounds neck. Her bare feet slap the dome, and arms wave and cut Katans and hold small shields by waist.

As the Azure's feet hit the sphere, Spear swings axe with both arms.

The Red's Great Axe head hits both shields of Azure.

Azure steps back near the edge of the hole in the spear.

Spear follows the swing over head and at and angle at Azure.

Azure moves upper arm, and axe hit wrist holding shielded as Azure stabs down at Spear once, twice three times.

Azure moves uppper arm, and axe hita wrist holding shiled as the id stabs down at Spear once, twic three times.

Three cuts bleed under Spear skin as three tufts of fur flaot to ground with spin around as Spear swing and throws Reds Battle Axe at spinning from whirling arm and leaps at the chest between the arms of Azure.

Red's Battle Axe twirls and cut a hand from Azure, the id,. His body leaps at chest.

Azure hit two arms againts spear and slams a katan and a shield at Spear.

Blood sprays from Azure's hand. 

Speaer falls on side, bounces on ground. He grabs Azure's leg with arms and wraps legs around Azure's other leg.

Two of Azurs hands drop shield, form a fist and double fist punch. Azure quack squeak as yellow blood spreads over their blue arm. She clicks and clacks, and the blade of a katan pressing against the stump as the blade turns red.

Blood steam rises from stump as Azure fist punches Spear.

Spear's head flash white, shakes, shakes rattle pain through neck.

Spear wraps and twits legs around leg and twist waits and arms pulling against the knee. He twist sissors. 

Azure wobbles and falls. The red hot katan blade stabs at William. Both her hands grab spears arm and pull. She hits.

A hot katana blace stabs Spear's hip. Fumes and smoke of blood puff.

Spear squeaks a roar and twist and moves legs like scissors. 

Azures knee pops. She stabs the katan again and slices Spear. As Azure, pulls her leg and prys at Spear's arms. Her blood stump begins to turn green.

Spear twist waist and rolls legs around popped knee using other leg to hold and pivot. He holds let with one arm as he reaches for Azuras katan stabbing hand.

Azure stabs katan at Spear, pulls apart Spear's legs, hit spear with bloody stump. She pulls leg from Spear's legs. 

Spear grabs her stabbing arm and release leg to grab he bloody stumps and he bits at her breats. His legs wraps legs around her waist.

Azure clicks and clacks and claps two hands together as she pulls and shakes here other arms trying to break Spear's hold. She pulst her to free hands on Spear.

And a shocks kicks and jolts through Spear. His fur rises, and blue sparks arch between arms and fingers.

Spear shakes and grips holds and shakes head with bite.

Red and yellow and red blood splat and spared.

Spear squeezes legs around her waist.

And the sphere rolls. both Azur and Spear rise along the curve up and up...

Spear bites feels the shocks.

Azure clicks and clacks and prys one of Spear's legs from waist.

The sphere rolls.

They roll to the bottom of the sphere. They roll apart.

Spear leads, grabs Red's Great Axe and swings around and swinpes behind. 

Azure leaps to feet clicking and clacking and grabbing two katans and one shield. 

The walk around the bottome of the sphere as the sphere rolls until the hold that was on the bottom is at the top.

Spear steps leaps and spins arms around head strking with Red's Great Axe. 

Azura raise two small shields to deflect the great axe the slices with a katan.

The katan cuts Spear's shoulder.

Spear's shoulder slams Azul, pushes away with back swing of Red's Great Axe. 

The great axe cuts across Azure's chest and leaps back.   

The id clicks and clacks and smacks its sheilds together.

The shields of the id vibrate and a wave bending the sight in a circle shoot from the shields and slam into Spear.

The first circle feels to spear like tickles. The second slams Spear as he leaps back. 

Spear stumbles as he back peddles with the pain through body.

He steps and sings axe in a circle as he charges at Azure.

the sphere shifts and rolls like spinning on the bottom. 

Azure claps the shields at running Spear. A force ripples from shield and shoots over Spear. Shields raise for the great axe head.

Spear feels no pain and feels the axe head smashes a small shield and deflects of the other other. He swings back and cut leg.

Azure cuts katan in Spear's muzzle.

Spear swings great axe and hits shields and armor chainmail. 

Azure swing katan at head and hits nothing as she drops shield and grabs the great axe as it swings away. 

Spear feels the grip and releae the axe and leaps up and wraps legs around Azure's chest, between upper and lower arms and face punches Azure with fists.

The Red's Great Axe swings from Azure's reach.

Azure stabs Kata into Spear's thigh and hits the stub against the Spear's face, stumbles away...

Spear's snaps back.

Spear squeeze legs around chest and shakes body, grabs Azure's katan hold hand and stump hand.

The sphere rolls and Azure stumbles to a stand then a step as she pushes and pulls at Spears grip on arms as she drops both shields and grabs two katans from chain belt.

Spear bites shoulder and neck of Azure and bashes forehead into the nos of the hid scrapping against the helmet. Spear pushes from arms and squeezes legs around chestreaches behind and  hook the arms holding katan.

Azure's ribs crack and arms holding katans pulls and Azure twist to swing. She stabs katan at Spear.

The sphere rolls.

They spin, and the katan in Azure's hand stabs Spear's stomach.

Spear flies adn slides tot he floor. Blood smears as he slide over the floor near the hold rolling to the bottom of the hole.

Azure limps and shakes hands, clicks and clacks as he swats and Spear.

Spear rolls away from the crouching Azure adn the katan blades. He bleeds and scurries with a rush to battle axe and twists with a spin and slash.

Red's great battle axe slickes and cuts Azure then swings a seconed circle of Spear's spin, and Spear leaps at Azure.

Azrua steps back, away from the hole in center. the hole adn spear waving arms with slash circles.

The blades slahs and cut Spear. One deep cut bleed from bicep. Spear leaps, charges and  punches three swings.   

Spear's fists hit the ids face, neck and upper katan holding hand. 

The katan flies from hands.

The id steps and walks and twist and slashes two katan.

Spear leans back away from on blade and steps under and around another double. slash.

As Spear steps and spins away from blades, kick claw leg at limping leg, spins and grabs the lifting ankle and leaps toward knee pull foot back.

The knee bends and pops as Azure slash two kata at Spear.

Both katan slice thin shirt cuts on  Spear's shoulders then slam the ground as all hit.

Auzr stalns stub arm and and fist on Spear's back.

Spear rolls and pulls the legs.

The ida grolws and clicks and bring all for arms to a oint. the point glows, and Azure's amrs and fist strike Spear.

A zpa and a clap and light ball hits Spear as Spear breaks knee and bits. His jaws clench and lock and rip the thight. He muscles tense and clench. Brain feels to buest then burning. 

Spear rollos from Azure. His fur smokes a trail from Azure to the hole.

Azure falls on back. A whistle blows to a rumbling like a dwarf waking after a night for drinking.

The sphere rolls a circle around the hole at the center of bottom.

ace through the glass stand and cheer. Most stand on seats adn lean to peer into the sphere. The crowd roar chants. ,,AZURE, AZURE, AZURE!''

Spear reaches and grabs his battle axe, lifts and sits up right witih swing. 

Battle axe cuts through Azure's foot and cracks the sphere.

The sphere stop folling.

Yellow blood spreads from the Azure.

Azure will clicks and clacks quick, slow and louds. His body shakes and hands hold the left. She clicks and clacks.

The clicks and clacks and mummbles with the shouts shouting through the sphere. A few balls thump against the wall.

Spear stands. He smells a sulfur from the blood, feels warmth from the blood, tastes fumes of the blood. He lifts axe and swings. 

Azure clicks and clacks and lifts hands and arms at the axe and the shaft of the handle. 

The battle axe sinks into to chest. 

Azure's hands grip the handle, and eyes stare at Spear. Hands fall and head falls to side.

,,SPEAR! SPEAR! SPEAR!!'' chants through crowd. They stand and clap. They exchange money and hand shakes. A few drinks are spilt.

Spear crouchs and grabs blood stump.

>|Leave the body. The platform rises. Step on the platform. The gear will be given to you as we leave,< sees Love to Spear's mind.

Spear stands and breathes. He grabs Red's battle axe and follows the thick yellow blood as it flows to the base of the sphere and over it's edge.

Over its edg, a glass platfor rises. 

spear steps on the platform

The platform lowers to circle room.

Spear stands and the two gray suits click and clakc while one says, ,,You will follow from the that to the Warriors Waiting.''

Spear looks at the gnome.

The two workers steps and walk the hall toward to light and Warriors Waiting

In the Warrios Waiting, William cleans long sword and shield while looking around the room with the relfections from the shield. He sits by the tunnel and glances along the tunnel and around the room. he rubs out a scuff here. And pulls on a strap there. Glances around for Kirra and the room.

Around the room, the two huge and harry human twins who rapped William stand in brown tight leather studded leather by the pool in the center.

Kirra walks along hall to warriors waiting. 

Two gray sheets carry a bucket fuming of shit and piss. She watches workers in gray scrub cuts, wrap broken forearm. Warrios step naked to and from the pool. A smellof strawberries fumes with the steam. 

Kirra watche the two hairy humans and clancs at the hall and William.

Spear appears. His fur is matted and bloody. Orange foot prints walk from hall. 

Two workers follow Spear and clean blood.

>|Fight, Kirra,< sees Love to Kirra's mind.

Kirra steps to Spear and the hall.

Spear sees William and Kirra. Spear feel stings and throbs from the cuts and gashes. His chest tngles with breathe.

>|Fight, Kirra,< sees Love. 

Kirra feels a vibration shake mind. Her sight blur and shakes. Spear to her become a blop of light. then the light becomes a mass of colors. Kirra stares and focuse on Spear. And she sees Spear's shape  frame. 

>|Move, Kirra,< sees Love.

Love steps toward Spear.

And Spear steps toward Kirra as he walks the hall.

As she steps to hall and Spear, the buzz fades and sight frames with defined lines. Sounds return.

The warrors talk and laugh with click and clacks and surface talk.

She hears a mouth breathing pants and flat loud steps shuffing long. She looks at.

Kirra sees Guile.

Guile stands near path. He looks at Kirra.

Kirra stops and stands and steps toward Guile. She says, ,,Guile.''

Spear hears Kirra, but feels cuts and burises pumping pain with heart and pull pain with bloody step.

Kirra looks at William and nods at Guile.

Guile and Kirra stare.

Guile steps back, between soldiers and into the hall of shadows. The shodows shift and shade his path. The soldiers step back.

Kirra steps from the hall to the shadows and guile's path. A buzz shakes and flows through body.

>|Fight, Kirra.< sees love.

Kirra steps past William.

Kirra says to William with a glance. ,,Seen Guile.''

Willima grabs sword hilt and stands tucking towel around belt. ,,Do you say, Guile?''

Spear hears William, but walks behond and past and to the center of the room to the steaming pool of water. He sees Kirra and glances along her bath. He sees the shadow warriors shift and pull from the darkness and step about the room. He steps by warriors laid on tables to the pool and up the stairs to the pool and into the pool.

Water ripples around spear adn through the pool.

Naked warrors look at Spear. Naked warriors rub naked warrior's back and arms.

Spear sits. Body and cuts sting. Blood washes from fur and sinks into hat water. Through the haze of steam from water, Spear sees Kirra stop and grab head.

Kirra's head vibrates and body shakes and twitches. Kirra focus upon nothing. She stands and thinks of wind and feels wind. And the feeling of wind blows away the vibration from body. With the wind, Kirra's mind blows around away from the pain into a darkness. From the body, Kirr, the wind and the pain blows. Through the life...

William steps near Kirra. ,,If you have seen Guile then...''

Kirra stands and stares and blinks. She feels not pain. She hears Love's mental voice sooth. >|Kill, Kirra.< She says, ,,Guile left through door.''

>Kill, Kirra,< sees Love to Kirra.

,,I kill,'' says Kirra. Kirra steps from William, away from the hall where Guile walked and to the hall following Spear's blood foot prints.

William walks to the hall and stops with shadows soldiers and regulars soldiers step in his bath. He see Spear and Kirra as Kirra walks away. He sits and sharpens swords with wet stone and watches the two huge hairy human.s ,,Guile's alive.'' He says. He hums. 

Kirra walks away. She walks to the circle room. She thinks for Love. >|Guile?<

The glass floor rises through the tube like room to the sphere.

Kirra sees the ground through the glass. She sees two orgres standing at the sides of the tube. One oger holds a great sword and tower shield. One holds a small shield and a glaive.

The platform rise. Kirra slides sword in sheath and pulls bow and arrow in one swift action and fires two arrows as the platform rises.

The arrows fly. One hits the tower shield, and the other hits the shoulders of the glaive holding ogre.

The glaive and slash down at Kirra as the other ogre stesp back and slams chest with fist and roars.

A crowd raors and glaps and stomps as Kirra rises to sphere.

Kirra ducks and swwatch bow shafter at glaive to knock aside the glaive. 

The glaive hits the wall then swings above Kirra like a pendulem.

She ducks and hooks bow over shoulder and back and pulls dagger and short sword from sheaths.

The platform rises.

The crowd cheers loud. Clicks and clack thunk agains the glass walls.

The glaive stabs and swing at Kirra.

Kirra steps and leans away from the reaching glaive. She runs after the swing, leaps and steps on wall and kicks off wall up and out of the hole swiging short sword at tower shield.

The crowd cheers, but Kirra doesn't hear the cheer. She hears and feels the swat of short sword againts tower shield. 

Kirra hits the tower shield with shoulder and swats short sword back hitting the glaive. She ducks steps and runs up the side of the sphere.

The crowd roars and claps.

One oger holds a great sword and tower shield and steps with a grunt and blow of snot and swings sword at Kirra that swings wide.

The glaive slashes and swing past Kirra's back.

Kirra runs long the side of the sphere and runs around the side. 

The two ogres grunt and snort snot. The step and lumber and heave bodies around in a circle after Kirra. They swords raises and shields follow Kirra.

Kirra runs along the side of hte sphere. She throws two daggers, and a glaives swings at her feet.

The ogre swing sthe glaives and steps at Kirra.

Kirra jumps over the glaive blade and runs from ogre.

Two dagger stick in into the arm holding the glaive.

The gliave shakes and it twirls.

The ogre with tower shield swats sword and steps wide and fat body up the curve of the spphere to Kirra's path.

Kirra runs up the wall at the tower shield and leaps from the side  to the bottom near the hole.

The glaive slahs past her face.

Kirra leaps over the hols and at ogre with glaive. She slashes and hits words and stabs dagger. Dagger stabs stomach.

The ogre raors and head butts Kirra's head top.

Kirra feels the rings and swipes short sword twice hitting plates of layered steel.

The ogre snorts and bashes glaive at Kirra.

Kirra leaps back acorss teh hole and into the tower shield.

The crowd cheers and pounds on glass sphere.

The glass sphere shifts and rolls from top to bottom movin the hole.

the tower shield slams Kirra pushing her toward the hole.

The glaive sings over the hole at Kirra. 

Kirra ducks and runs from hole, up the sphere tossing a dagger.

Dagger flies and hits glaive holding ogre's chest.

The ogre roars and stomp steps against the roll of the Spear.

The other ogore pushes two shield and meets the shoulder of the other ogre as the step to gether. Sword is slashed and hacked at Kirra. Glaives swoops and slices.

The long sword kuts kirras chainmesh and skin. Glaive slashes Kirra's shoulders. She steps along the side of the rolling sphere on the side of the glaive swing ogre and cuts short sword underarm and stabs the back.

The ogre roars and swings arm htting the bracer aagainst Kirra's face.

Kirra stumbles back and down adn falls and rolls to hole.

She stands stumbles and leaps over hole then to bottom.

A long sword blade cuts Kirra's back.

Kirra runs up the wall and along the side and the sphere slides. She runs nearly horizontal and slashs the face of the glaive holding ogre with short sword and throws a dagger  at the other as she pulls another dagger and run along the wall sphere and two the other side.

The tower shield ogre steps and strids and slash long sword at Kirra.

Kirra swat away long sword swing then she is cut across chest with back swing.

Kirra ducks under glaive and swing sword at the glavie's wood shaft.

The shaft cracks.

Kirra stabs stomach of ogre with broken glaive.

The orgre stabbed shield bashes Kirra's head and pushes Kirra with shield.

The other ogre swings sword, and Kirra swings short sword and bocks the swing.

The other ogre kicks and hits Kirra's hip.

Kirra rolls to a stand and lash hitting away two long sword swings and a stab from the broken shaft of the glaive. She steps with roll of the sphere away from the ogores.

The ogres step side by side. The tower shield and small shield hit together.

Kirras strafs rights and throws knife and back hack at hand holding shaft as she pulls another dagger from belt sheath.

The dagger hits for arm. Cuts skin. Hits metal. Falls to the glass sphere. Sword hacks and cuts the hand of the ogre. 

Small shield swings at Kirra, and the ogre behind launches at Kirra. It's bloody hand spraying.

The tower shield holding ogre steps and slash long sword at Kirra.

Kirra hits longs sword away with dagger. She is hit by the small shield and uses the force of the small shield hit to step and lean away from the second long swords swinpe. Then circles swings swords behind the punching small shield  and cuts the wrist of the ogre. 

The short sword sicks in wrist.

Kirra pulls and she ducks from stabbing broken wooden shaft.

Long sword swing at Kirra's arms with hand holding shorts sword.

She release shorts swords grabs daggger on belt and throws other dagger by tower shield and into dagger.

Long swords slash back and past Kirra's leaning back head.

Broken shaft stabs Kirra's arm.

Kirra stesp and hops back with the roll of the sphere.

The sphere stops rolling.

Teh ogre drops broken glaive shaft and shield and grabs short sword handle and falls to knees. 

Kirra steps wax and grabs and throws a dagger.

The dagger flies to side and behind the tower shield into the swaure neck of the ogre. The dagger hits square neck, thunks like metal and falls to ground.

Kirra parries longs sword swing with dagger. She steps back pulling another dagger. 

Kirra parries another long sword slash. and jecks chest back from long sword stab.

The orge with short sword stuck in writes pull short sword from wrist and falls to ground on side.

The other ogre raises tower shield and charges down and up the sphere after Kirra.

Kirra steps runs up the sphere.

Long sword tips slices Kirra's back armor and skin. 

Kirra runs up the wall and flips over the tower shield and the ogre.

The long swords back slash and hits the wall. The tower shield hits the wall. The ogre hits with a grunt.

Kirra flips back and over and lands behind the ogre.

The ogre pushes from wall and tower shield.

Kirra leaps and stabs two daggers in ogre's back. She feels on dagger tip hit metal, slide and cut then slide between leather, skin into shoulder. Other dagger hit skin and cuts skin and scrapes metal beneth the flesh.

The ogre lungs and pushes and flies back.

Kirra holds on to the daggers and stabs. Other dagger finds slit that slides into shoulders. 

The fly back and down.

The ogre roars. 

Kirra pushes and leaps back. She kicks off and flies through the space. 

Kirra lands on feat by the ogre wrapping wrist with sash. 

The ogre drops wrap and grabs and swing sword. 

Kirra leaps over sword and throws dagger at the fallen ogre's face.

The dagger sticks and swords swing under feet.

The falling ogre lays and falls on bottom of sphere. He moans coughs. he throws arem back slashing sword back. 

The long sword slashes at Kirra. She swings arm and hits flat of slashing long sword. Long sword cuts rings of steel sleeve and scraps and cuts forerm.

The long sword swing wide and smackes an glass.

Kirra stomps to a stand and falls to knee and stabs the neck of the fallen ogre.  Her dagger pierces skin then hits steel. 

The ogre punches Kirra. 

And kirra sways, and she ducks.

Short sword slices at her head.

Kirra stabs other knife into head of laying ogre.

The short sword cuts her back. 

Kirra falls to staring ogre face and pulls stabs dagger from one head and stas the face of the other head.

The crowd chants. ,,KIRRA! KIRRA! KIRRA!!!'' The pound on glass. They clap. 

The two ogres lay bleeding at bottom of sphere.

The sphere rolls.

Kirra stands and walk with the roll of the dome.

The ogres flop and slide and roll to bottom and fall into the hold to the glass plat form.

Red blood poopls and smears over glass painting read the clapping amss.

The chants of ,,KIRRA!'' slow then stop. 

The platform lowers.

Kirra steps to the glass platform and lowers to the ground.

Both ogre bodies hang arms and a leg over the edge.

Kirra bleeds. Numb stripes burn pain. her back throbs, and shoulder aches.

Two gray dressed half-elfs stand before Kirra and by the soldiers. One clicks and clacks and the other steps away. 

Kirra hears the tones to follow. And Kirra follows the walk through the hall. She sees William looking at sword and hall and Kirra.

William sharpens pushes wetstone across the edges of blade. 

Love sees to William's mind. >|Rise and kill, William.<

William rubs stone over swords and looks at Kirra.

Kirra steps bloody on back and shoulder. Her face is black and swollen. Braided hair hangs stained red. Her boots leave blood foot prints. 

Kirra looks away from William and past William at Spear.

Spear sit in steaming pool letting his fur sway and float as he lays head on rim.

The warm water sting cuts until the numb. It rubs sore muscles until they are lose. It cleans the blood, sweat and dirt from the bodes. Its clear body glimmers with the hovering ball of lights.

The lights shines on Kirra as she walks and stares past William.

William glances from sword and stands and stares at Kirra.

Kirra walk to the pool and steps into the warm bubbling pool. She sits and watches the blood flow from body and disperse to water.

Steam rises from pool and spread thorugh the room. It blows toward William as William steps to the hall.

William walks following a human and orc in a gray suits. 

One worker clicks and clacks whilt the other says, ,,You need to be informed to leave the body on the ground.''

William says, ,,And will the battle be above? And the bodies. Who do I fight?''

the gray suits walk William to the two guards standing besided the door to the circle room.

William stands before the circle room. he looks at the guard and the worker and winks at the worker. ,,And are the warriors to kill me in the ring.''

,,MOVE,'' says one of the soldiers.

William steps into the circle room.

The human worker says, ,,You are the first in the sphere.

The platform rise as William says, ,,What is this sphere you talk of?''

The workers turn and backs face William.

William steps to the door opening.

Both soldiers raise the shields.

The platform rises with Wililam.

William holds swords and shield. He glences guantlet. He rises into the dome.

The platform locks, and the sphere moves.

He steps from the blood stained glass platform to the sphere.

Through the sphere glass, he looks at the crowd.

There sphere stops rolling then rolls back to put the hole of sphere.

William raises words and looks at the center.

Half-giant head with scratch from eye patch to mouunt lifts from the pit and reachs to grab William. 
 
William hits aside fist with buckler and slashes sword at giant's head.

Giant's head is covered with steel cap over chain coif, and William's sword bounces of top. 

William swings slash down at the arm of the half-giants punching fist and cuts thumb.

,,JORGON AND FLIJ,'' shout through the glass sphere.

,,Flij,'' says William.

The gaint reaches and swats with two hands and grabs out of the hole. Its palms slap the top and pull. 

William slashes the half-giant's arms once then twice cutting skin and making a spark and ring that rings like steel.

The half-gaint swats and pulls into sphere as the platform rises.

From the hole, a short steel warrior covered from foot to head in full plate. Spikes stick from the shoulders of the warrior. A battle axe is gripped in hands. A frayed beard flows from under the grand helm and over the breast plate. Spikes stick from shoulders.  Guantlets hold an axe.

,,JOR JOR JOR JOR JOR JORG JORGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!'' shouts one through the glass sphere.
 
William hears the words and feels a shiver and quiver pull away a thought of Shake.

<Shake,> Thinks William. And William hears the cackle laughter of John of the Goblinkin.

William stands.

A fat hand swats William from stands.

As William falls prone to the ground. His guantlet cleches fist. Spikes chip the glass sphere.

Squeaking and eeching metal rustls along the sphere toward will. Battle axe swings at head. 

William's Guantlet punches and grabs the axe blade. Sparks fly.

Gaint fist punches William.

William grips sword and swings. He pulls axe head.

The sword cuts a knuckle on the gaints hand. 

The steel dwarf ceraks and squeaks. A hollow shout echoes from great helm as his body falls at Willam.

William slices sword and thunks great helm as the short full plate warrior falls. He lets go of sword and grabs metal arm.

,,WILLIAM WESTMORE DIE!'' shouts from the hollow helm.

A huge blood hand grabs William's leg and pulls.

The giant stands.

William kicks one foot under the short armored warrior, pushes with arms and pulls with guantlet to toss the metal and warrio to side as he slides along the floor tward a standing giants.

metal spikes drag across glass sphere.

Metal spikes of full plated warrior hit against glass. The armor clanks. The axe is pulled from the warriors hands as william's guantlet holds on.

A giant fist punches William's face and neck. 

William's head slams glass and flashes, shockes and shakes. The world of William vibrates and bangs.

William grabs long sword hilt and stabs at arm and pushes a roll to a stand and a stumble with the short warriors axe iin hand.

The full plated warrior rolls to stomach and pushes up with a squeak.

A palm grabs William's head and holds William's head and punches at William.

William swings gauntlet holding axe head at the giant head sized fist.

The axe hits Jorgon's fist and sparks. 

Jorgon's fist sparks. Skin peels bacl book and steel. 

Fist hits guantelt.

Both warrors stand as other huge fists grabs at Wililam's sword arm.

Willlaim swings sword and cuts the fore arm of giant punching fist. The sword cuts padded leather and thunks agains steel.

William steps back from the half giants, throwing the axe at the half ginat

The axe hits the floor.

The half giants lowers guntlet punced fist and cut arm and leans shouder and throws it at William while the Jorgaon grabs William sword hilt and hand and pulls.

Willliam punches guantelt against the forearm of hand grabbing will liam. 

A metlal thunk ring. William's arm jerks.

Giant hand relaxes.

William pulls back and stumble and ducks away from should of giant, giant hand, William steps toward the standing stalky full plated warrior.

Jorgan the half giant says. ,,FLIJ! KILL!''

The stout full plate turns and rattles and pull morning star from round waist and spiked should rushes ant William.

William pivots  and punches back with back fist of guantlet hitting the helmet. William steps froward with back shield punch by the punching half giant.

The spikes on Flij's spikes cut Williuam. The heltmet is hit loose. 

Giant fist hits William's unspiked shoulder and pushes Wiliam furuter in his step from between the giant, Jorgon, and the dwarf, Flij.

William pivots and side slahs at the grand helm on Flij's head, steppin away from Flij.

The sword smacke helm.

Jorgon's fist punches Willliam's back before William complete pivot.

William jerks, but holds footing steps back and up the sphere side.

Flij shakes and turns hilt, snaps latchs while kneelilng to pick up the battle axe.

Jorgon steps past Flij and punches at William twice.

William parries punche with sword and hits aside punch with buckler

Thuds and shutter shock through William.

William slashes twice hiting Jorgon's shoulder and rist. Sparks fly with one hits. Blood squirds from wrist.

Flij steps and strides wide with armor legs and body and chops battle axe on shoulder armor.

Wililam back swings sword from Jorges' wrist to Flij helm and head and bang heads. With swing and step sinto swing, William punches Jorgon's  shoulders with guantlet.

Jorge's shoulder clinks and pops. Flij's helmet knocks looses. 

Flij steps to side and swings axe. Axe bounches off Williams hip plate.

One giant fist punches past Williams leaning heaad. One giant hand grabs Willaim's arm with sword.

William pulls and shakes arm in giant grasp as he punches and punches and punches the giant cheek.

The cheek skin punches away to shine metal. Blood flows between pies of flat metal beneath the half giant's face.

The steel face hits Williams helm. 

William swings sword and the chest of the haflgaint.

A battle axe blade breaks  William's shoulder plate from breast plate.

William punches half giant face breaking eye socket, follows punch with back slash of sword at Flij's helm. He steps back and rises shield.

The long sword wacks the great helm from the head of Flij. Flij's braid beeard falls over chest. 

,,WHITE SHEET!'' shout Flij as he swings battle axe and charges with shoulder leading.

His blurred sight focues on pair. William knocks away the battle axe with buckle and stabs long swords at Flig's metal covered waist while ducking head down and away from Jorgon's fist.

The long swords hits Flij metal croch and catches between armor plats.

Flij turns and knocks swords away with bracer and leaps at William.

A giant hand grabs Williams gauntelt and pulls.

William uses the force of the hall giant pull to leap from Flij's spiked shoulder.

A fist punch William head. World blurrs and shakes adn shockes. He swings sword hitting some thing metal. He blinks to see Flij run up hte sphere the run down at William and Jorgon.

Jorgon shakes William's arm and reaches for William's other arm. 

William steps back and to side with Jorgon pull and pulls a back swing with long sword.

Long sword cuts top of Flij's head.

Flij falls, and blood splats upon the sphere.

Jorgon slaps Williams chest.

William loses breath and steps and falls on sphere.

The sphere moves. 

Jorgon drags william and punches at William's head.

William pulls with held arm, moves head and swings sword.

Jorgon's fist hit the glass of sphere.

William sword hits Jorgon's shoulder.

Sparks flicker.

William feels arm pull from scocket. He shakes arms as swords word at Jorgon's punching fists.

Sword and arm parries Jorgon's fist. 

William hits Jorgon's arm with another spark adn thunk of metal to metal. He pulls from Jorgons grabs, rolls to knees and stands.

Flat giant fist hits him down.

He looses swords, glences fist and turns to swing.

From the guantlet, a flash of metal flies as a first and strikes Jorgon's face.

Jorgon's nose breaks and head whip backs.

Reag flows from guantlet through William. 

William shouts and stands. 

Jorgon blindly swings a fist.

The guantlet stops the hand and crushes two fingers.

Jorgon punches William shoulder.

William shtters, stands and pulls dagger from sheath as he twists fingers.

Jorgon falls to knees.

William stabs Jorgon in the eye.

Pain thumps william's head, chest and arm. Socket jerks pain as William stands and breathes and watches Jorgon fall. He feels then hears and hears. ,,WILLLLIAM WESTMORE!'' and a few people chant, ''William... William... William...''

William breathes and feels pain.

He hears metal move as the sphere rolls.

Flij throw axe.

William falls to chest and feel rip pop against armor.

The axe files and hits the sphere.

Flij rolls and crawls. ,,THE THRITEEN FIGHTS ARE LIES! LIES!'' He crawls to a stand. Blood oozed from head top. Metal glimmers from white bone on Flij's head.

William pushes to a stand and swings sword. 

Sword tip sings and points at Flij's face.

Flij stop crawl. He stareas at William. He breathes. ''Kill me.'' He heavws. ''Die any way.'' Blood pumps from his head over his face and around the eyes the peer into William.  Flij crawls toward William. ''You be here til you die.''

William steps back with the roll of the glass sphere.

Flij flass and side and rolls to the bottom of the sphere as it rolls.

William watches and stares. 

Flij laughs and falls to the hole and hte platform.

,,KILL. KILL. KILL...'' chants the crowd. A few tap on the surface of the sphere. 

>|Kill, William,< sees Love. >|Kill and be with me. My body.

Through the pain, William feels a cool spread dum the vibrate like tickles and licks.

Flij spits blood. ,,Kill me!'' He breathes. ''Kill me now. I die some time.'' He breathes. ''Buy.'' He spits blood. ''Buy you wat to fi...''

>|Kill and feel me and no pain,< sees Love.

,,KILL! KILL! KILL!'' chants the crowd. a few pound glass sphere with chant.

Flij smiles and stares at William.

William swings sword and splits Flij's skull.

Blood and Flij fall and splat.

>|Be with me,< blows Love through William's mind. The blow calms the pain and sharpens the blur.

The crowd cheers and stomps. The walk from seats. 

The platform lowers.

Willima steps on platform and lowers, bleeds and feels the blow of Love over body. 

Love's blow flows away the pain in head, the broken nose, the broken rib throb to a calm.

The platform lowers.

William steps on the platform and the lowers from the sphere and past two workers wearing gray and two soliders. 

William steps as he sees the hall to the Warriors Rest pass.

>|Remain still, and you will fill with me,< see Love.

William stands, and plaform lowers him through a light and to a while lite hall. 

Bright colored tapestries of nakes beings, from elves to golins, dancing around the fire and a podium of rock. On top of the walk is a satire with wild long hair cove ring body like a weave. 

,,Blue,'' stares William as he peers and looks along the wall as he walks. His step slows and stare lingers to the deer and bears laying and watching the humans, orcs and ogres dance. He stands and stares and feels a lute whistle with a flute. He hums.

Love purrs, >|Come with me, William.<

The purr spreads through William. It pumps heart. Sooths body and rub between legs and over back.

William's needs wobbles with step. 

From the light and darkness and seeming from the tabestry, Love steps with tight white leather flowing over her breasts and but. He lush lips frame of Love. Like stars semetrical and shining. 

She stands, and William walks. 

William open mouth.

>|William,< Love put her hand over William's mouth. >|You talk after you come.<

The cool of Love warms through William. The pain wamrs away.

Love walks, and William follows. They walk into a part of the tapestry and through a dark hall. The walk to a room with soldiers and along stairs, through two black boxes between double doors and through crowds wearing velvet red robes, yellow feather hants and cloths clean and shiny from the globe of lights. 

Love leads betwee the peole and the guards to doors that are opened by purple and yellow armored soldiers.

The doors open to people walking, talking and staring at the tall glass buildings spanning to a bright light above. 

Six soldiers wearing yellow leather and purple chain mail walk with short sword and small shields pushing a circle around love.

people wearing white robes and brown wraps step away and point cains and fingers. 

Love and William walk with the soldiers to a glass buildi bass with hall spanning into the walls of light. A few hugoblins stand wearing shirts adn dresses of pink feathers. A group of elves and humans wearing tan hides coats clog the hall.

The soldiers push people from path of William and Love and push a path and lead a circle platform two steps wide.   

Love grabs William's bloody guantlet. She step into small circle room.

And William follows. 

The soldiers stand, pivot and look the other way.

Love press aginst William and kisses William's bloody lips. She puts hands between William's leg and finds the straps and clips to pull armor from crotch.

The lift rises with William.

William pulls and yanks and tosses hip plates, the plats and crotch plates from body. He grabs Love's butt and pulls plates from arm.

Love finds William's flesh and rubs as teh eleveators rise.

Amror falls to clear floor. Love pulls lush body from tight leather to stand naked around William near nake body. Blood and saliva mix, spread. Smear and drop with sweat as the fuck to a stop.

A room of glass and furs rugs spans.

William lifts Love nakes to floor where they fuck until William lays sweaty, bloody and tired. He says, ,,I do not want to return to the nest and the stink of the bit
s of those gladiators.'' He looks at Love. ''I want to be with you.''

>William, I need you with me, so we can feel you might,< sees Love to William.

Love stands and stares.

And William sleeps...

...And Spear and Kirra wait and wait and watch for William to appear. The sit in the pool in the center pool and clean and sooth and sleep.

,,Will,'' says Spear with a malformed squeak talk. He flexes his muzzle and says, ''Where William?''

,,Guile,'' says Kirra. ''Guile left before fight.''

,,Wi...'' Spear stops talking and shakes jaw. ''Willliam with Guile.''

,,Guile gone. Left before fight.'' Kirra looks around. ''William fighting.''

Two gruards point at Spear and Kirra.

''Guards point for us,'' says Spear.

Guards step from the hall and tunnel to the path to the fighting sphere.

,,Seen Guile.'' Kirra nots to the holl and doors. ''Left before fight.''

Spear speaks and squeaks. ,,Guile.'' He stares off. ''Guile.''

,,Guile,'' says Kirra. ''Guile get us out.''

Guards of black and red join guards purple and yellow and stand by tub in center of room and by Kirra and Spear.

Kirra sits with Spear.

The soilders click and clack. Kirra hears the talk of both the warriors, but sits.

One soldiers, a human, says, ,,You stand before and follow us to your room as it is time to depart.''

Spear looks back and sits. ,,Love guides. You not ruler.''

The guards laugh. ONe snorts.

The guards says, ,,LovteKitLkoi is with William, The Warrior of Westmore.''

A goblins clicks and snaps.

Kirra stands in the pool and lays on Spear's shoulders. ,,We go.''

Spear stands.

Kirra and Spear follow the soldiers through the stairs and halls to the nest. They drip blood and water from the bath to the nest. 

The purple and yellow armored soldiers stap as the enter the gladiator halls.

The red and black soliders leave as the arrive at the nest.

As the walk, Spear's thought create images of William and Love. Image of them naked and holding. Images of them laughing. Sounds of her maons says William's name.

Spear stesp and clenches fist. He steps and clenches muzzle. He steps and things and things through the thoughts create lusting images of William and Love.

Spear stands and stares through the halls searching for Love.

,,Guile will help us,'' says Kirra. She looks at Spear.

Spear lowers heard, walks into nest and sits. He nibbles on some moldy bread and licks water from a bowl. He lays in his fur nest and licks wounds.

Kirra follows. ,,We leave. Or I leave. Nothing here. Here put death and lies.'' 

Spear looks from bowl to Kirra. He looks at Kirra. Thoughts of Love surge through being. He drinks from bowl and licks wounds.

Kirra leaves and walks the halls until the dark comes with the hum of music that sooths. 

She lays in the hall and to the next center and sleeps. 

They wake. 

Kirra wakes in the hall and runs for food adn through the halls finding the halls and stairs in gladiator halls.

Spear wakes and licks wounds. He walks the halls that lead to the pits and watch the guards let gladiators leave for the pits and spheres. He limps to the nest and sleeps.

William wakes with love. Blood and sweat stain naked body. He rolls over plush pillows and against a steel wall.

William stand naked before a wide window and looks between glass buildings rising from the sands and into the blue skies. 

Above glass towers rise to the shining sun to the Wane.

Sun lights shines on Wililam.

Warm like Love's thoughts spread thought him. 

Love sees to William's mind. >|We are in Senator Ring's tower.<

,,Am I standing to face the Rise of the light,'' says William.

Love presses naked body to William's back. Her breasts warm. 

,,And are we now in your home,'' says Love.

>|Home,< sees Love to William's mind. >|What is home?< Love rubs between William's legs and stokes. >|Bathe with me.< And shw walks over bear fur rugs to glass pool of steaming water. She walks in. 

William falls. The steam floats through William's mind. 

William bathes, fucks, eats, fucks and sleeps. 

Eight days pass for William. He sleeps on a cotton bed with love. He thinks of her during hte light and some of the nights as she leaves. He thinks of her as he eats meats adn waters; as runs through a gymansium in the glass building below the desert sands.

He runs and wrestles with soldiers to fight for Love's honor and love. He trains with soldiers to prove his strength for Love. He spares with stick short swords with soldiers. He sees Love at night before the dark. He watches the set set eight times peering between a few rows of glass buildings thinking of Love and hoping she returns before the sun light dims.

The sun sets over the plane of sand during the ninth night in the room, and Love doesn't come.

William sleeps and dreams of Love.

Love is on the mind of Spear as he lays in the nest to one cycle of light and night.

Kirra wakes Spear the second light with a bucket of cold water. 
 
Spear leaps at Kirra.  
 
Kirra leaps from Spear and to all and slaps back of head. ,,Get Love out.'' She holds first and steps back from fight stands. ''We find way to leave. We ready. We heal. We fight.''

Spear drips and shakes. Water stinks cuts. 

Kirra says, ''Why we here?''

Spear shrugs.

,,We use time to go. We leave. We find Guile. Or we leave,'' says Kirra. She looks over shoulder.

Spear stands. He shrugs shoulders and nods head back. ,,He squeaks. We go. We find.''

Kirra steps to spear and taps his forehead with finger and says. ,,No talk. No thoughts. Love read and make you think. Love. Love. Love.'' 

Spear nods. 

They stare. 

They run for food. The spare and wrestle. The clean wounds. The build the nest and span the nest into the William's hall. They sleep from light to night then after ten they wake and dress for battle.

Spear grabs Red's Great Battle Axe. 

Kirra dresses in her soft chaim mail mesh, bracers and daggers. A white sash is tired over her waist.

Spear smells Love and mint and touches Kirra's shoulder as Love steps on nest in hall.

Many other foot steps on the nest spreading through the hall.

Love sees, >|Fight time.<

Kirra looks at Spear.

The stares. Kirra leads through the hall to Love.

Love stands with ten red and black soldiers standing a circle around here. The shadows flicker with shadow soldiers.

,,William?'' says Spear.

>|William fights,< sees Love as she steps and leads the soldiers and Kirra and Spear through the halls to the Warriors Waiting.

William stands in the sphere of glass. He blinks his starring away a stare. He hears talk and clicks and clacks. He feels his arm warm against his chest and arms.

,,WILLIAM,'' some ones shouts, ''WESSSSSSSSSSSSSSTMORE. THE KILLER FROM THE RISE!''

William blinks. His heart thumps.

>|Kill, William,< sees Love to William. >|Kill.<

William's heart thumps and pounds. A feel of rage burn through mind.

The platform rises.

A heard of a great cat rises from hole. Hits black eyes stare at William. The great cat heads' mouth is oopen and jaw hangs hooks around the chin. Two canines stretch over forehead.    

>Kill, William,< sees Love to William. >|Kill.<

William stands and holds buckler before chest and grips guantlet. He raises his swords and stares. 
            
From the cat head, span its fur over a human's back. The fur legs are tied around the chest and wait of the human warriors. The white paws  lookt calws into the human's pale white flesh. Thick arms fall at sides with colored strings tied around biceps and wrist. Hands hold  a spear and a net. Balas hang from a leather belt holding a cloth hanging before crotch and over but. Cuts and buises spread over mucles. 

,,WILDMAN!'' shouts one byond the sphere. A few clap. Many click and clack loud with louds surface talk.

Wildman breathes through nose and stares still and doesn't move.

The warriors stands still and stares with William.

William stands and stares. 

The platform rises.

Tassles of red adn blue hang from muscled ankles. 

Wildman shouts, ,,RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!'' He lifts spear and net and pumps it into air.

The crowd claps and pounds the sphere.

The platform stops. 

William swings swords.

Wildman stabs spear and tosses net. 

William hits aside the spear and swing guantlet fits at the net.

The crowd cheers. 

The net falls over bucker and guantlet and wraps around shield and guantelt and arm.

Wildman pull on net and stabs with spear once, twice. Spear stabs between Williams shoulder and bicep sheets. 

William pulls on the net and grabs net on guantlet. hits away sword and slashes  and stabs.

Wild warrior leans back and hits William's swords to stab air. He twirls spear and slaps William shoulder.

William shield slams spear. He whips net and pulls net in fist.

Wildman pulls nets and stabs spear at William's chest and shouts.

The shout stigs William's mind. His arm is pulled wide.

Spear hits brest plate. Spear dents breast plates. Spear spin and wakes Williams neck stinking through the leather wrap.

William is stunned. He steps back  and blinks. 

The Spear stabs at face.

William whips arms and nets and tangles spear.

Spear slices Willam's cheek.

William pulls spear with net. He slice long sword at forearm. 

Wildman twist wrist and sword hits bracket. Sword slices Wildman's hand.

William stabs at Wildman's face.

Wildman leans back and bend back and kicks at Willam's crotch. Foot hit's William's stepp crotch plate.

William's crotch shocks, and body shutters.

Top of Spear smacks William's head. 

William swatch arm and net with sword and arm finding body through shcok.

The wildwarrior stabs spear at William.

William wipes net and hooks spear, swings sword at Wildleg that kicked. Sword swings past foot.

Wildman fist hits William's shield.

William back fist's William's with guantle fist.

Net grabs Wildman's face and guantlet fist smacks Wilman's nose and head of tiger nose.

Wildman hackles a laugh and flips. His foot smackes William's chin.

William's head whips back and sword swing wide.

Sword hits cuts Spear holding arm of Wildman.

William blocks two quick jabs with Wildman's fist and swats away spear stap.

Wildman hums and shouts and growls like a cat. His finger nails extend to claws. Wildman leaps.

William back slash and shild punches. 

Sword cuts wildman's stomach, and shield punches at Wildman.

Wildman land on William and scratches. Nails spark over metal and cut the chainmail links, cut hide, and one cuts williams stomach. Wildman bites William's face.

William lowers head. Helmet hits Wildman's mouth. 

Bottom teeth of Wildman cut Willam's forhead.

The sphere rotates.

William stumbles and step then stands and thrust body and arms out. ,,GET OFF BEAST.'' William shouts.

With a force of sound, Wildman files to the center. Hits the sides of the rotating sphere. His spear hits, and tip chips glass. 

William pulls on net. 

Net's barped rope hooks ebow chains and edges of plates.

William wraps net around buckler and guantlet and forarm as Wildman rolls to a stand. 

Wildman thows spear, runs and leaps at William.

Spear flies, punctures williams bicep plate, poke through chain mail, hide, and stabs flesh.

William drops long sword and swings guantlet and shield.

Guantlet smacks Wildman's face. Blood splaters.

Wildman hits William, wraps legs around waist and swings claws. Wilman crowls and screams like a cat.

Claws cut William's face and bash face. 

Wildman grabs spear.

William yanks arm with spear back, and spear pulls from armor. Guantlet fist bashes Wildman's face. Guantlet hand grabs hand of Wildman holding spear. He lowers head and steps circle with roll of the sphere. 

Wildman squeezes legs and punches william's should of guantlet. Wildman growls and cat screams, bites and William's face.

William slams helm top and forehead into the jaw of the beast. He shouts away the pain of bicep. ,,BEGONE YOU BEAST!'' as he slams push and wildman to the side and from his body. The words surge through his body and numb the burn of the stab. His back feels to wamr around the scare of Reighn.

Wildman slips from William and relaxes body, hits the sphere and rolls to a stands and leaps with spear stabbing down.

William grabs longs sword and raises buckler.

Spear hits buckler. 

Willaim jerks arm back, and net catches spear tip.

Wild man hits and grabs at William.

William pushes Wildman back with guantlet and swings sword says with a bass force. ,,GET OFF OR MEET DEATH!'' 

Sword hits and cuts wildmans bicep.

Wildman leaps back with Williams's push and shout. He holds spear and walks back with the tunr of the sphere.

William steps toward the Wildman with slow turn of Sphere.

They sweat, bleed and breathe. 

The crowd cheers and claps. there is a drum roll of feet stomping.

Wildman roars and cat screams. 

William says, ,,Come let my sword purify you wild soul.'' he smiles. heart beat pouns, and stabs arm flex and raises sword as he raises guantlet.

The sphere stops rolling.

Wildman poucnes wane then wax then at William.

William stands and slowly lowers rasise long sword then swings as Wildman leaps.

Long sword breaks spear, cuts chest. Shield hits Williams claw.

Wildman hits willains and claws Williams neck, cutting the leather from neck. He wraps arms around waist and back and locks feet. 


William pushes  shield against Wildman's face. Long sword is dropped and dagger grabbed.

Wildman legs sqeeuze and press plates, chain mail and hid into William. 

Wildman cat screams and thrashs hands and claws armor. 

William's pain in hips flows to rage and rage release holler, ,,QUIET HEATHEN SOUNDS!

Williim stabs knife into Wildman's  chest. 

>Kill, William,< sees Love to William's mind.

Dagger blade slides between ribs.

Wildman gasp and squeezes legs with slaming both fists on the side of William's heads. His legs bend William's armor. His cat srcream is of a wheezes.

William twists knife. Head pops and shocks. A bright white flash then vibrates along spin to butt and hips. Pain of metal cutting hips numb.

Wildman slashes claws and falls to ground. Feel and long claws kick aagainst the glass pushing wildman away. His hands hodl the knife hilt.

William's body goes numb and he falls like a pile of armor falling off the rack. He stares and tries to move hand through vibration. He stares.

Wildman flips to knees and stands with back to Willlaim. He coughs and hold the hilt. He pulls on the hilt and gargles a cat scream. Dagger is dropped as Wildman jumps and twist and leaps at William.

Willima lays and rocks. He squeezes guantlet and fist. He rolls to back then stomach and coveres head. The vibration shakes and stings his hip and arms. William hums away the pain shaking from stab.

Vibration shakes away the fists and palm hits of Wildman. Vibration shakes away sound from William's mind.

Wildman slams fist on Williams open back. He cuts at the chain mail with his clase and cuts the links.

William feels the cuts of claw in back. His hum with vibration gathers the pain of arm and back and he pushes with legs and arms to rise to a kneel and twist to swat the Wildman from back. ''TO THE GROUND WITH YOU.''

Wildman falls.

>Kill, William,< sees Love to William's mind.

William's arm hangs as he swings and steps back. Hip plates cut skin. He grabs knife. The vibration shakes to pain as the shout force face. 

Wildman lays on back and leaps to feet. The dagger hangs from chest. Blood coats mouth. 

William's stabbed arm tenses and goes limb. Dagger falls. Guantlet hand clenches fist. Punches at Wildman. Limb hand grabs for dagger.

Wildman leaps Wane and wax and at William. He ducks from William's swing and cuts Williams arm pit cutting chain, leather and skin. He leaps away.

Before Wildmman leaps, William grabs the dagger in Wildman's chest and pulls it free. William steps at Wildmans, and weak hand drops dagger as William swings back fist, buckler and torned covered net.

Wildman ducks under William's guantlet fist, cat screams, leaps at William's chest with a cough. Blood flows from mouth.

William punches down and punches the back of Wildman's head. ,,DOWN BY THE RIGHT OF REIGHN YOU UNTAMED BEATS.''

Wildman's head bangs down and hits William's chest. Claws wrap with arams waround chest and cut itno William's back. Wildmans cat screams a gargle of blood. 

Willaims shouts. ,,GIVE ME YOUR PAIN!''

He raises fists above and glasps dagger hilt and stabs the back of Wilman. 

Wildmans squeezes and scratches. Cat screams cough and spary blood down the armor to the floor to smear. His claw scrape down William as he falls.

And William stands. His arm hangs. Blood covers steel plates. Heat pumps pain through arm, back and hips. Face is numb and wet with blood. The vibration through Willaim's body sooths.

The crowd cheers and a few pound the glass sphere until soldiers push them back to their seats adn stands. ,,WILLIAM THE WILDMAN!'' shouts a deep voice. ,,WILLAIM THE SINGING SLAYER,'' shouts. The a chant of, ,,WILLIAM, WILLAM, WILLIAM...''

Williams stands.

Love sees, >William the Defender.< A purr vibrates through William making pain fade. >|William, the killer.<

The sphere rolls with hole rotating from top to bottom as William steps and stares around at the crowd.

William grabs his long sword and daggers. He sheaths his weapons and picks the hooks of the net from crooks of armor. He steps until the roll stop.

>William,< sooth Love's mind through William's. >|Show your love for your fans. They love you.<

William lets the purr sooth away the song in his heart beating calm through his body. The purr spreads and numbs his pain and feels to spread pleasure as he lifts his arms and swords.

The crowd sits and walks from seats. They murmur and talk. Only a few clap and stare at William.

>|Show them the head,< purrs Love.

William stands with arms raises and steps around.

>|Show them the losers head,< purrs Love. >|Show them victory.<

And the beat of heart and hum of mind below the purr of Love goest silent. 

Wiliam smiles and swing long sword.

William shouts and raors. 

A few more people look at William.

He spins his swords and hollers a tone like monk moan.

A few more look at William, and the murmurs stop.

William shouts and swings longs sword down. Long sword slices Wildman's neck. 

William stops his shout. He staps the neck and head with sword tip and lifts the head high above.

Blood drips from the neck.

,,WILLIAM THE WILDMAN!'' shouts a voice. The murmurs become talks, and the talks become stares and points. A few clap the many clap.

William stands pumping arms them steps to the podium.

The podium lowers William. 

William lowrs and shouts loud and long as only the Wildman's head si sticking above.

More claps and punds against sphere are heard and felt. The cheer rush through Williams and sooths away pain.

Willam holloers and lowers with the head above. He lowers past the hall to see Spear standing behind five guards and by to workers.

William stares with Spear for a few blinks. Images of Spear and Love naked and rubbing body spreads thorugh William's mind.

William flicks the long sword in an arch.

Wildmans's head flies at the guards and Spear. It rolls between guard legs and before Spear.

William sheathes swords and lowers below.

Spear sees the head roll to a stop and steps torward William.

The guards step away from head and look back.

William stares and Spear.

Spear says, ,,William.''

William stares and lowers.

The guard lower pikes and point the pike end at Spear. 

Spear flares nostrils and flexes. He hits away two tips.

One soldiers says with stammer and shaking hand. ,,Back beast. BACK! B, Back or...'''

The guards stares.

And Spear relaxes and looks down until William's stare is covered with darkness. Spear looks behind at Kirra. 

Kirra stands near the hall to Spear from the Warriors Waiting. 

She watches the soldiers that brought Separ and hear from the nest leave the area. She sees the workers in gray pickup towels, wrapping bandages and talking to gladiators. 

Gladiators sit, lay and stare. They look at each other, but don't talk. Their eyes dart and clance. Even the warriors with eyes closed and laying on bed while words rub and massage their backs peers here and there.

Some one coughs. A few glance. Click and clacks between soldiers clack the silence. Moans give depth. 

Kirra walks around the Warriors Waiting room look for Guile and peering down the halls. She walks around the room and looks back along the hall where Spear stood.

Spear steps to the glass platform and rises. 

Kirra sits and watches, listens waits...

Spear rises into the sphere with a few glances at the head of Wildman. He looks up into the light of sphere and sees faces and hands pressed agains the top. 

People walk along the isles and platforms. The stand before seats and talk. They drink from mugs and eat meat from the bone. 

Murmur spreads through people. A few pound on the glass sphere. 

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shouts on and raise glass.

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shouts a group. The hit mugs. 

The talk stops with claps of hands and stomps of feet. 

Spear steps from the platform to the sphere. 

The stomp of feet follow the chant that spread from the ground. ,,IT. IS. SPEAR. IT. IS. SPEAR. IT IS SPEAR...''

Spear spreads arms and growls and squeaks. His heart beats and thumps. Spear shouts long and long and thorugh the Sphere and from the sphere.

The chanting. ''IT. IS. SPEAR...'' is quickened with clap and stomp to, ''IT IS SPEAR. IT IS SPEAR...''

Spear see the platform lower into the darknesss. He step from the edgie of hole andto the slope of the sphere. He steps and runs around the edge letting hand and feet run along the arch and pend of the sphere. 

The stomp rises and shouts break the chant of it is Spear.

Spear feel a rush of energy surge from hear with each pound of foot and shout and name. He feels the crowd quiet as he sees a head appear below.

The head is as a big goblin head on the shoulders of a half-giant sized best. 

The hugoblins rises from the center. A metal coif covers head. Metal links hook around neck. Copper scalemail flows over arms and chest, body like sheet covering everything below the neck. The hugoblin face twice the size of Spear follows Spear's run. It's body slowly turn rustleing the scales of overlapping metal overing the body. 

,,KIT KA,'' clicks and clacks a goblins.

Clicks and clacks around the sphere. The chatning of ,,IT IS SPEAR,'' is like a whisper in a room of shouts.

,,KIT KA, KIT KA, KIT KA!'' clicks all in a rhythm. A few people shout. ,,IT IS SPEAR! IT IS SPEAR! IT IS SPEAR!!!'' The clicks and clacks stomp and hit then pound a beat with feet and hands. 

Spear runs around the edge of the bottom and top of sphere. He runs on hind legs. He pulls the Red's Great Battle Axe from back. 

Kit Ka lifts arms, and hundreds and thousands of bronze scales rustle and shift like feathers. He extends to two sai's from scale mail guantlets. Scalemail scales. fall over face except over eyes. Scalemail scales shimmer around neck and under chin. They shimmer and shakes and rustle over arms and limps and feet.

Spear leaps at Kit Ka and swings battle ax.

Kit Ka kneels and folds scale mail covered arms, lowers scalmail coverhead head. Kit Ka sits on the platform as a pile of scalmail.

Red's Great Axe arcs down at the top of the scale mail mound.

Two sais shoot from the scailmial pile, cross and hold the hilt of the battle axe

Spear hits the  scalemail pile. He releases the axe hilt and punches into the scalemail. His fist punch through the scales and hits scales. 

The sais stab at Spaer and slide through the layers of scalemails liek a sharkfin thorugh an ocean.

Spear grabs scale mail scales and an arm. He rolls down mound as a sais stabs shoulder, scalemail scales cut hands, and His body hits the ground.

The scalemail mound rolls and covers Spear.

Spear thrusts his legs out and pushes all four paw hands into the scalemail. He grabs an arm and arm.

The mound of scales hands, and an arm holdig a sai stabs spear forearm. 

The sphere move and hits Spear's should and pushes Spear.

Spear through the scalemail to the side and rools away from the platform to the side of the sphere leaving a blood trail as he grabs Red's great battle axes and scampers along the side. 

Kit Ka stands. The scalemail scales fall and settle over arm and and legs, feet and hands around the face. From the face, dark blacke eyes peer from the square hugobins face. Kit Ka clicks and clacks and as it charges Spear and leaps. 

Spear swings battle axe and ducks.

The battle axe hits scale mail rings as a sai hooks and stops the aze swing. 

Kit Ka stabs sai into Spear's shoulder and kick Spear's chest shouting, ,,KKKKIA.''

Spear falls back against the sphere.

The sphere rolls.

Spear lifta and swing battle axe to hit away sai stap and hit the scalemail arm.

Kit Ka spins a cirlce. The scalemail glimmers as spin kick smacks Spears jaw and back kick slams Spear chest.

Spots apper before Spear.

But Spear grabs back kick  foot and twists.

A bone pops, and scale mails cut Spear hands as the foot slips from grasp.

Spear leaps back and away from a back fist and three punches. Spear leans and ducks wane and wax. He walks with the spear back.

Spots fade.

Spear leaps over Kit Ka to the other side of the sphere. He grabs the battle axe and back swing at Kit Ka.

Kit Ka ducks battle axe and leaps at Spear. In flight, his body forms a ball of scalemail.

Spear flows swing and tucks and rolls under the ball of scalemail and down the sphere then stands.

Kit Ka's legs shot from the ball of scalemail, it to stand and back kicks hitting and cutting Spear's chest. Spin kick misses Spear but pivot's Spear. One then two sai's stap at Spear.

Spear steps back from hit on cheats and swings great axe at the ball of scalemail.

The axe head crashes through the scalemail. Scalemail scales fall ground. The axe head sticks.

A sai shoots and stickes at Spear.

Spear steps and leans away from the sai, pulls axes from scalmail swings axe with one arm over hand and at the scalmail pile with legs.

The axe head hits the scalemail ball with legs on the other side.

A head and arms thrust from the ball of scalemail. A sai stabs Spear's stomach. Foot kicks crotch. Mouth shouts, ,,KAI!''

Spear grabs the scalemail covers forearm holding the stabbing sai. He releases battle axe and punch Kit Ka's face.

Kit Ka's face is smashed with Spear's fist. He yanks on arm held bby spear. He kicks Spear's side. Foot cracks Spear. Blood drips from the scales and Kit Ka.

Red's Great Battle Axe as Spear pulls arms grabbed and grabs neck with other hand. He sweeps legs. He bleeds from scrabes and stabes.

Kit Ka leaps over the swep of leg and is pushed back. He pulls arm from Sepr hand and side Kick's Spear then then stabs sai with other hand.

Spear feels the scalemail cut hand. He shouts a scream and leaps at Kit Ka. He wraps legs and paw hands and feet around the mesh of scale mail. 

Scalemail scales cuts Spears chest and legs. 

Kit Ka tires to lift both arms, raises one sai and stabs Spear in back. Kit Ka pushes and kicks legs aagainst the floor and forward with a, ''KIA!''

They fall. 

Sais stabs into Spear's back.

Spear squeezes all the pain of the sai stabbing though skin mucsles. Arms wrap under arms and press back the head. Legs wrap around leg. Spear pushes Kit Ka's head back. 

Kit Ka reaches and grabs the sia and push. Kit Ka rocks back and fort and wiggles while punching the side of Spear's head.

Scalemail cales cut Spear. The sai sink deeper in back side. Shock pain locks Spear's body.

Spear tenses and hollers and pushes Kit Ka's head back. 

Kit Ka pushes sai and siggles ais and wiggles in Spear's back. Kit Ka shouts a muffled chocking sound.

Scalemail scales cut Spear. 

Blood drips and smears over the globe.

Spear pulls head and neck back.

Kit Ka's neck pops, hands fall from sai and body goes limp.

And Spear lay still on seeing the dark and feeling only pain.

The still bodies of Spear and Kat Ki lay still at the bottom of the sphere.

The sphere rolls, and the bodies roll to the platform.

The platform lowers with crowds booing and throwsing meat and tomatoes at the sphere.

Spear lowers into the darkness feeling nothing. He is lifted from the platform feeling nothing. He is carried with Kat Ki from the platform and through the hall into Warriors Waiting. 

A blood trail follows Spear through the waiting room and from the waiting room. 

Gray sheets mob the floor.

Kirra sees guards carry Spear's limp body. She sees the blood drips from back. She leaps on table runs and jump on tables to floor; across room and to Spear. 

Gladiators lift and turn head following Kirra.

Soldiers step from standing and rush toward Kirra.

Kirra leaps from a bench at the guards.

Three guards raise small shield and bace for Kirra.

Kirra hits the shields and pushes through as a buzz shakes her spine. 

>|STOP,< sees love to Kirra's mind.

Kirra falls to knees and pushes and crawls to Spear.

A guard kicks her face and arm. Another guard falls one her. She lay on floor watching Spear hand limp and bleed from the Warriors Waiting.

Kirra stares. 

A guard stomps here head to the ground.

The shock of the head kick stops the vibration of spin.

Shadow soldiers appear around Kirra and before the soldiers. 

Kirra lays and stares and grips knife.

Love sees to Kirra's mind. >|Fight, Kirra. Kill.< Love voice purrs through Kirra soothing a throb through head. 

,,SPEAR,'' shouts Kirra. 

>|Spear can't hear you,< see Love. >|Kill, Kirra. Kill and you will see Spear.<

Kirra lays. 

A soldiers spits on her, and a shadow soldier pushes the soldiers away.

Kirra stands. She stares. She peers away the looks and glances from others. She steps and shoulder bumps a gaurd as she steps from the ring of shadow soliders and guards. She walks the hall to the platform following Spear's blood.

A few gray sheets mop the floor. 

She steps on lift and raises. 

Light shines. People murmur. Smears of blood cover glass wall.s

Kirra rises into the dark wall that spans here heigh and a half from the top. She grabs and throws a dagger up then grabs dagger and short.

The dagger files from the tube and hit the top of the shpere.

Kirra hears metal scrap near the tube edge to her Wax.

The murmur beocmea  talk.

She steps to her Wane.

The platform rise.

Kirra crouches lower and spread arms hiolding dagger and swords at sides.

A red great sword swings Kirra.

Kirra strafe and bends and leaps from under the great sword and up from the tube to the side of the hole in the sphere and near a red  warrior and a cheering crowd that shouts, ,,KIIRA.''

Red warrior is a red hugoblin covered with red chain shirt hanging over red chain pants covering red leather body suit from head to red boots and red guantlet.

A red coil coveres a red hugoboin face that stares at Kirra has the roed body swings the red great sword with the klick, ,,KLI KO.''
 
Kirra leaps back, throws dagger and grabs another dagger while swinging short sword hitting tip of red great sword down and away as Kirra lands on the rise of the sphpere. 

The dagger hits the cheeks of the hugobon and bounces back to fall to the ground.

Red great swords stabs as Klio Ki begins to click and clack.

Kirra hears the talk of have from Kli Ko  as her short sword guides tip of red great sword from stomach as she side steps toward Kli Ko. The great sword slices Kirra's chain mesh. She back swings short sword and twist to stab dagger at chest of Kli Ko.

Short sword slams against the throat of Kli Ko and dagger stabs at chest.

Kli Ko stumbles back and swing red sword at Kirra and steps by the platform. 

Kirra swings dagger back and hits the blade from hitting side to hitting butt.

Red warrior and sings at Kirra's back as Kirra bleeds and twists and swings short sword at great sword.

Short sword and great swords hit and ring.

The crowd cheers and pound the wall.

Red warror swing red sword up as it hit sword.

Kirra steps and turns away from red great sword and stabs at Red Warrior.

Dagger hits breats plate as great sword swings up spins and archs at Kirra in a flash.

Kirra ducks and leans and leaps at the red warrior. He shoulder hits the red warrior.

The red great sword slams a blane on Kirra's shoulder and cuts it off plate  and swing around  and stabs at Kirra's back.

Kirra slams teh red warrior with sholders and stabs betweene crotchs and swings short sword as she rolls like tube around the red warrior.

The red warrior sways and step back with stab down then steps away from Kirra's roll around armor and swing greats sword an Kirra.

Kirra spins like a dirvish around the warrior. She slash shorot sword across back of armor and stabs dagger down and hit the red great sword blade.

Kirra's dagger push sword down. Kirra leaps over swords, lands and back swings short sword and a now facing red warrior.

Short sword hit the red chain shirt over chest.

The red great sword swing back at Kirra and hits Kirra's shoulder. 

Kirra drops her short sword and stumble to the side as stabs dagger at the shoulder of the red warrior.

The dagger cuts between chain shirt and sticks as Kirra leaps back adn pull two daggers as red sword swings past once, twice.

As Kirra hops away from the sword, the sphere rolls.

Kli Ko clicks and clacks a tant of, ''LK KO. LK KO. LK KO,'' as some in the crowd click and clack, ''LK KO. LK KO. LK KO...''

Kli Ko stabs and slashs. 

Kirra cross daggers up and bends back against the sphere wall.

The great sword stabs misses and swings up twirls as Kirra rolls away.

Kirra rolls to the side and stands and leaps down to the botton to her small sword. She ducks and grabs short swords and swings.

Kli Ko swings back and pivots with back swing.

Short sword and great sword hit and ring.

The crowd cheers.

As fast as a flash, Kli Ko rise and slashes sword as Kirra slashs.

Both swords wings and miss.

Both warriors steps away and walk with the roll of the dome.

The straff the sphere at the edges and peers.

The crowd claps, stomps and pounds. they hit the sphere.

Kirra bleeds from leg and shoulder. Her heat pounds the throbing pain. The rage creates a bliss of rage. She flicks a dagger and grabs another.

Dagger hits Kli Ko's face and bounces off. A silver cleam shines under the red.

Kli Ko steps swings down, stabs up.

Kirra's hand is cut with slash and she side steps stab.

Kli Ko clicks and clacks between breathes and swats words bac and forth at Kirra.

Kirra steps and hops along the sphere around a circle mid point between the bottom and center.

The sword swings and Kirra hopes back. 

Great sword tip clips and cuts Kirra's armor on thigh and cuts skin.

Kirra throws a dagger and steps and strides way from two more swings.

The dagger hits the shoulder of Kli Ka and sticks into the chain shirt and leather.

The great sword swings side to side. 

Kirra hits the sword down, away, and up and she steps back parrying and bending back and knees.

Kli Ko heaves and breathes with clicks and clacks swing adn swing as Kirra keeps just out of the length of the blade. 

Kirra's sword strikes swords against great sword and dagger gainst dagger as she steps and leans back.

A trail of blood dots and small smears follow Kirra.

Like a slow chase they circle the ssphere with swings and parries twice.

Kli Ko leaps with a grunt and lands at the bottom of the sphere with a humpf with great swords sung at Kirra. The dagger in shoulder falls.

Kirra slips on blood, falls on back. She sees metal beneath the red on cheek. She swings short sword before and hits great swword.

Teh swords clash and hold for an instant as the great sword hits kirra and slowly slide's tip to Kirra's leather strap covered neck.

Kli Ko steps over Kirra and press down on great sword.

Kirra punches with knife hookin the great sword tip and helping short sword push blade away as Kirra kicks at a knee.

Kirra's foot hits knee with a thunk the vibrates through bone, but pushes back in Kli Ko.

Kli Ko stumbles back, lifts swords, stands and swings down.

The sphere stops roll.

Kirra pops body and leaps to feet and throws a dagger and swing sword hitting great sword aside

Dagger hit the leather around neck of Kli Ko.

Kli Ka push great sword down and pushes Kirra' short sword down and slides short sword along the blade at Kirra's neck and head.

Kirra leans neck and shoulder.

Great sword stabes and cuts Kirra's should. 

Kirra tries to grabs dagger with lean with stabbed and slashes shoulder, but arm hangs. Arm flaps as Kirra stabs at KLi Ko's crotch.

Short sword stabs crotch between plates and through chain then hits a solid surface.

They part and step away.

Kirra arm hangs. Her feet step back on toes.

Kli Ka stands holding great swords before him following Kirra's dance around the sphere. Red sweat drips from face. Face shine cuts like metal and skin a deep green. Red sweat drips from face and nose and mouth breath and wheeze.

They step.

The crowd talks and a few shout, ,,KIRRA.''

Kirra doesn't hear she steps with Kli Ko.

Kli Ko flinches swords for strikes. 

Kirra watches. 

Kkil jerks step.

Kirra waits holding step stead as they both dance around the center.

A blood trail gives an outline.

KLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLI KOOOOOOOOOO,'' shouts some one out side the sphere.

Kli Ko steps and strids slashing great sword side to side creating a fan of blade. 

Kirra steps then scramble back from Wax to Wan. She slash twice at teh sword hitting it down. She steps and scrambles and the slash tip and she scample up the side of  the sphere, slips and sways.

The great swords cuts ankle armor.

Kli Ko stabs with a grunt and a thrust.

Kirra tubmle rolls standing against the sphere.

The greats sword tip stabs the ssphere then slashs at kirra.

Kirra swings and hits away great sword, side to bottom of sphere, drops short swords and fling dagger and she truns to face Kli Ka pulling another dagger.

Dagger stick into Klo Ka's bicep armor.

Kirra runs at and up the side of the sphere feeling the tip of red sword scrape back. She hears the crunch and scrape of Kli Ko's armor. She hears his heavy breath. She runs un the side of the sphere.

Kli ko swings and stomp steps after KIrra with long stides to the bottom and up the sphere side ager Kirra with sword swinging.

Kirra runs up the wall, kicks back and flips backward over the great sword swing and onto Kli Ko. Her feet smack Kli Ko's face. Body lands against Kli Ko.

The fall as a bundle of arms and armor to the bottom of the sphere.

They lay side by side.

Kirra pulls a dagger and stabs.

Kli Ko raises red steel bracer and stop and holds stab.

Kirra clenches teeth and pushes force through pain of bicep to flex muscle and grab and another knife and stabs as a red guantlet fist smacks her face.

Blood flies, and Kirra's jaw pops.

Kli ko slams other bracer agasint Kirra's face and pushes away as his squeaky metal plated legs press Kirra's stomach.

Kirra's knife slides between stomach plate and crotch plate and stabs through leather into stomach.

Kkli Ko thrust clic, and face tremors.

Kirra falls back and rolls.

Kli Ko grabs Kirra's short short, rolls to side and stomach with a reaching swing.

The short sword slashs and cuts Kirra stabed bicep and hits glass.

Kirra rolls up sphere to back then tumbles to feet with daggers in hand. Stabbed and cut arm hangs down. Kirra throws dagger.

Dagger hits Kli Ko as he stands and swings sword and steps at Kirra.

The dagger hits Kli Ko's cheek and falls to ground.

Kli Ko winches as his short sword cuts Kirra's thight.

Kirra's weak arm stabs and sticks daagger between eblow and forema plates. The dagger stitks and pulls away. Kirra's arm falls as she ducks and leans and leaps at Kil Ki.

Kli Ko swing short sword at Kirra and above Kirra as Kirra ducks, then chops down at Kirra with short sword. His guantlet fist and short sword hilt punch Kirra's back
.

Kirra's feels the crach and suffication. Shock tremors then is stunned as Kirra's stabbed should slams Kli Ko's breast plate.

Kli Ko steps and grabs and twists waist and throws Kirra while dropping the short sword.

Kirra flings and falls and rolls over a couple daggers, the great sword and up the side of the wall. She braces and rolls to feet, throws dagger, falls to bacn and butt against the sphere. 

She raises another dagger and slashes at Kli Ko's stab.

Dagger hits Kli Ko's neck. 

Klik Ko slash and stabs. Dagger hit Kirra's dagger then stabs at Kirra's face, cuts her cheek and stabs the wall.

Kirra slides along walls and slashs stabs at Kli Ko.

Dagger cuts over Kli Kos' facs and stabs airs as Kirra slides and rolls down the sphere.

Kli Ko smacke Kirra's face as she slides and rolls away and tossses dagger and kicks Kirra.

Blood smears spread as Kirra rolls. Puounds of fanantic fists hit the sphere wall. 

Kli Ko's dagger hits sphere. His metal boot hits Kirra butt.

Kirra rolls and stands, grabs her short sword and dagger.

Kli Ko grabs the red great sword and slash, stabs, stashes.

Kirra lean away from slash. Hits away stab and leaps away from slash awhil swingins short sword.

Her short sword hits Kli Ko's arm.

Bracers falls from arm. Kirra swings at Kli Ko's face and ducks with spin and step back against the curve of the sphere.

Short sword bashes Kli Ko's shoulder.

Kli Ko swings and stabs great swords and steps after Kirra.

Kirra leaps from swing and hits away stab. Stab cut armor.

Kirra swings back and hist a guantlet of red then walks back with eye focsing on Kli Ko and feet feeling the lean and curve of sphere.

Kli Ko step and stombs and swings and slashes. He heaves and breathes. Red sweat drips from face.

Kirra steps and ducks and dodges slashes and stabs. She leaps from sone side then rund to the other.

Klik Ko slash and charges after Kirra and swings.

Kirra swats the swing and run backward along the edge fo the sphere.

The sphere shifts and rolls.

Kirra ducks and leans, steps and pivots, shuffles and walks away from Kli Ko with the roll fo Sphere.

Kli Ko swings and stabs and breathes. Slobber falls from mouth as greats swords swings and stabs, swings, and stabs.

A stab of great sword cuts Kirra's forearm.

Kirra steps and swings and leaps back. Short sword hits way a stab.

Kli Ko stabs and slashes then charges with the roll of the sphere from onside, along the bottom to at Kirra with a down slash and a leap at Kirra.

Kirra turns steps back and presses back agains the sphere and rises as she braces the hilt of the short sword against the sphere.

Kli Ko click and clack cracking clicks and clicks with spit and blood as he swings down the great sword at Kirra. Kil Ko charges at Kirra.

The great sword hits the sphere. Kli Ko hits Kirra.

Kirra hold short sword, and shock spread thorugh her body as Kli Ko hits.

Short sword pierces Kli Ko's red armor and sinks inside.

Kli Ko grabs Kirra's neck and presses against face.

KIrra pushes twists the short ssword and presses against Kli Ko with shoulder.

The crowd cheers and claps.

Klik Ko clicks and clack a laugh. Then laughs and presses red faces against kirra's.

Kirra pushes and wiggles and slides from Kli Ko's presses.

Kli Ko laughs and laughs and presses as presse becomes a soft push.

Kirra wiggles from between the sphere and Kli Ko and steps down the rolling sphere.

The sphere roll stops. 

Kli Ko laughs and rolls to back and lays aon the sphere as laughter become clicks and coughs.

Kirra stands. She grabs the great swords and stabs the face of Kli Ko.

The crowd quiets. A few clap. On cheers. A small group starts chant from a talk to a shout. ,,Kirra. Kirra! KIRRA. KIRRA! KIRRA!''

Kirra steps drops the sword and grabs her shorts sword.

The sphere rolls.

Kirra walks to Kli Ko. She pulls at armor paltes around waist stripping hime and spreading the red around the sphere.

The sphere rolls.

The chants speak to silence.

Kirra finds a pouch, a scabbard with a jeweleded dagger. She fines a ring on hand. She stands as Kli Ko lays near naked over the bottom.

She hold the items in hand and stands on the platform.

The platform lowers on blood covered. A few plieces of red armor tetter and fall.

Kirra lowers. She jumps between the two guards and the two workers in gray and runs the hall leaving a few drips of blood. 

>|Stop,< see Love to Kirra's mind.

Kirra runs the hall into Warriors Waiting.

>|Stop,< sees Love to Kirra's mind. The a p sound putters puts and pounds through Kirra.

The shaodows shift, and the guards step before a dark door from Warriors Waiting.

Kirra runs to the hall and darks sword. A pppppound pounds brain and spin. Twitches of pain sting through back and hands.

Soldiers step from the sides of the wall. Shadows Soldiers span from the dark.

Kirra hits away short sword swings of soldiers. She ducks and stesp away from grabs of shadow warrriors. She feels he legs go numb, and throbs of pain pound back andmind.

Into the wall of darkenss where Spear was carried, Kirra runs.

Darkness and cold covere Kirra's skin.

Kirra feels cuts over back. She feels stings and shocks. She feel nothing, but dark.  She hears in mind Love's voice.

>|Stop, Kirra. Rest. Heal,< sees Love to Kirra's mind.

Love stands not far from where Kirra falls in the dark wall. Love sands below in a hall with a woodend bench and tapestry covered walls.

Love stands in middle of hall next to William.

William sits on bench and bleeds.

Two gnomes wearing white smocks and gray pants and shirts sews William's bicep and wrap William's face.

William stares through one eye as the other is covered with bandage. His stabbed bicep bleeds. His scratched face stings. He bruised hips pulse pain. He breathes feeling a burn through chest. ,,Thirteen fights. A lie...Thirteen fights.''

Love stands and rubs hand over brown leather body suit, along gold from fitting breast plated, along arm and  golden bracers. Her breasts pushout as she leans toward William and kisses his lips. 

Cool spreads through the pain to numb William. 

>|No fight thought now, William.< Love stands and rubs William chin and neck.

,,Thirteen fights.'' says William. He blinks. 

>|Rest, William, for you have founght a battle this day like no other,< sees Love.

William stares at her, says, ,,After two fights will I be free?''

>|Free< sees Love. >|What is free?< She smiles and purrs through William's mind. She steps back. >|You will be with me.<

,,With you,'' sighs William. And with the words and sigh, williams pain leaves head and chest.

He sits until Love sees, >|Come home with me, William.<

And William stands and follows Love.

They walk along all. William steps through the painless cool over body in tune with Love's purr. 

William watches Loves hips and butt sway away long hall. A bark in William's mind shouts from his feeling of loss. William says, ,,Where's is Spear and Kirra? Why?''

Love doesn't look back. She steps through glass halls and between oeple and to a glass lift.

William steps on the platform. He and Love stand close. William's body walks as emoitons and sight looks at the glass walls; the people in purple and ride robes;the smell of oak smoke; people waring tights and gold threaded hats pat William on shoulder; a hall with shadow soldiers. William feels a pit of pain build in head. The pit bounces with steps and pokes away the cool numb. As he steps after love through people and soldiers, he stares at her.

Love stesp into a dark wall.

William follows.

The both appear in a small glass tube.

The pit of pain bursts from William's mouth, ,,Spear. What about Spear?''

Love rubs hand between William's crotch. >|Spear.<  She puts hand over William's mouth. >|Thoughts.<

The platform rises through glass tube.

William thinks, <Will Spear and Kirra be given the freedom you have given me?>

Love stares at William. >I give Spear and Kirra the care I give you, but they do not want my care for they are jealous of the love I feel of you.< Love caresses William's check to chin. >|I offer them freedome from the gladiator pits. I gave Spear enough food and his own nest.< She pushes away from William and peers at him as she pulls down collar to spread the body suit to show chest and breats until the chest plate holds the part. >|Spear has rejected me as I show you this scare I have hidden from you.< A tear forms under Love's eyes.

A row of claws scratch between chest and disappear under breats plate.

,,Love,'' says William. He reaches and touches the scare. <Love....>

>Quiet and calm, William< Love purr and raises William's palm ot his face. >|Feel me, William. Be with me. Protect me from thos who will harm. Protect me from Spear and Kirra. We will live beyond and together.<

William stares at love and feels the pit of pain of rage grow and calm until the lifts stops. His thoughts see only Love as Love leads to a glass room over a a desert plane.

>Home,< sees Love. >|Family. I am your love.<

William stands and stares and pulls wraps arm around Love and holds here tight as the stare over the bright desert day.

The desert day shines hight above in the blue sky. The sun lights shines through the glass and reflects through tubes and tunnels. The sun lights shines one Kirra asKirra wakes.

Kirra wakes on the nest.

Light shines through the twigs, rope, staves and rods with fur and peels and shells woven over glass walls.

Light shines through Kirra's swollen eye slit.

Kirra rises. ,,Spear?'' says Kirra.

Fur stickes to her blood and scab covered hip and shoulders. Her arm hangs. Her hand flexes with pain. Chest thumps deep.

Kirra pushes and kneels and stands on nest. She touches daggers and sword and pouch. She touches the Red Dagger of Kli Ko.

Kirra pulls a pack from nest covering roof. She kneels and push hand between strips of sheets stuck with fur and pulls out a waterskin. She puts the waterskin and pack handle over shoulder and hold Red Dagger.

The light shines through the nest hall and behind the white sheet.

Beyond the white sheet, the next spread over hall walls to great hall walls. The nest spreads around the hall. A few warriors wearing loin cloths and togas stand in middle of great hall and talk. They point at scares.

Two warriors in togas and holding knives walk past Kirra stepping over the nest.

The nest spans hall to William's room.

Kirra walks into William's room

William' room shines bright as light shines through glass walls and floor and ceiling. William's treasure chest is in the center of room.

Kirra sniffs and smell no Wiolliam sweat. Kirra walks from room, across hall to the next. She sits in the center of nest, opens pack.

She pulls out of pack a roll of white cloth, a packet from white powder and leaves wrapped around a ball of salve.

Kirra cuts, bleeds, cleans and burns the wounds. She wraps them with the white cloths.

Fffgrillla brings a cart.

Kirra buys with credit bread and patatoes, dried meats. She buys five water skins and healing paste. She buy rolls of clean cloth and a thick hide pack.

,,You spend all your credit too soon,'' says Fffgrillla.

Kirra peers at Fffgrillla.

Fffgrillla shrugs shoulders and shakes head. Fffgrillla pulls cart along the hall stopping five doors down near the two talking warriors.

Kirra hides the pack full of goods and the water skin in the nest.

She sits in the nest for three lights cycles. She eats. She cleans would and stretches muslces and pushes bones as the music at night heal the body.

Her swollen face shrink to tan flesh. He shoulder muscles heals and skin mends leaving a light line. Her hip moves and walks withough pain as she leaves for during the nest during the light to run the hall for food bits and nest bits and sight and smell of William and Spear. 

She smells for Spear and runs through the halls for food. She roams the gymanism for sweat of Spear. She runs and leaps. She throws the Red Knife and swings her sword in the room. She flips and runs up the walls in great hall as the days pass. She eats from the cart and hordes and hides waterskins, dried fuits, meat and packs from the Fffgrillla.

She builds the nest.

She looks for guile near the edges of the warriors compound. 

After the tenth night, Kirra wakes to light, dresses in tight leather body suit, chain mail mesh, the bracers over ankels and wrists and neck. She checks the daggers in boots, on belt on hip. She holds her Red Dagger and short sword. She shits lotus on the nest and closes eyes. 

Her fmind does fly through the light to the sun and to a tree...

>|Kirra, move,< sees Love to Kirra's mind.

Kirra stands and says, ,,Where is Spear?''

Sounds of chainmail clash with click and clack of soldier talk outside the next in the great hall.

Kirra feels a buzz from brain to spine.

Love sees, >YOu fight. Now.<

Kirra steps the hall and thinks. <Where is Spear?>

Love sees to Kirra's mind, >Waiting for fight.<

Kirra follows four warriors, three shadow soldiers throgh the halls and people and to the Warriors Waiting. 

In Warriors Waiting, Kirra smells Spear and William through the sweat of warriors and steam of perfumes blowing through the room.

Warriors sit naked on benches befre lockers, on beds and around tables and in the center pool of steaming water.

Spear smell fades as William's smell become breathe.

Kirra follows William's smell to a hall.

William, at end of hall to the lift to the sphere.

William turns and sees Kirra. He stares at her as Kirra stares at William.

William rises in the tube to the sphere.

William wears shinning full plate armor with a brass breast plate. It is the breast plate Love shown him during the second light after they work in her bed high above the desert as the days passed as William felt like a ghost walking in the wrap of his flesh.

The breast plate was to be worn for her during his fight. It was worn alter that night as Love's menders cleaned and dressed William's wounds and a priest of clicked and clacked to heal the skin. The breast plate was hooked over body as he stood naked the first night after the last fights. Love and William had sex while William wore the breast plate with Love seeing in William's mind. >|A warrior shows the crowd the victory.<

The breats plates was dressed after William woke. He wore a shoulder strap. A shoulders strap of steel that stick spikes away. He fought in full armor during the morning against two soldiers in pads. He fought with fists and the burr of Love in his mind and her words seeing to his mind. >|A warriors hows the crowd is greatness by playing the victim then the hero...Make them the enemy...Show and slow to get the cheers and fans....Show me.<

William fought, ate and drank with sex and sleep for the night only to wake the next light to the sun from the Rise with thought of Love talk whispering in his mind.

He woke.

He strapped on the blacks spines stitck from shoulder William's wane shoulder and grabbed and strabbed the buckler to the forearm with guantlet before the sparing.

The buckler is of dull steel with a curve that absorbs the light.

Willliam dressed in armor and armed with only the shield and guantlet. He fought with two soldiers dressed in pads and full plate and armed with short swords.

Love watch and seen to William instructions to taunt and push and shout. >Show the crowd the fight,< see seen Love to William's mind. >|Sho wthe crowd you see them,< she seen.

William raises arms. He pointted at the warriors as he pushed them away with the shield.

William blocked sword strike after sword strike saying, ,,Come meet me to die,'' after a shield bash or, ''You might is no fright,'' and ''All will end when I begin to fight.''

William blocked and shield bashed. He raised arms and waved arms and pointed before blocks. 

Then he ate and had sex with Love.

William woke on the third light to find a silver cross bow the size of two hands.

And like a puppet, William dresses in his armor, breast plate, shield and spiked shoulder piece. He grabs the cross bow and walks from the glass room with bed to large room with the sparing pit.

William fights four, then five, then six nights with Love whispering and talking instuctions in William's mind. >|Wait to use arrows after show...Raise arms adn pumps. ...Wait to strike. ...Wait for the crowd to chnat your name.

After six lights came seven eight and william was given his swords. For three lights, William bashed, stashed and stabbed hugoblins and hobgoblins and a couple gnimosh warriors that were wide enough t look like balls of muscled flesh.

His body following the slow and quiet command of Love to raise arms or show or laugh or look at the crowd as his body and mind foughts without plan.

William woke on the tenth light and followed love to the rug covered halls to the platfor that rises to the sphere.

>|You are the first, my love, to be in the sphere,< sees Love to William's mind as he rises into the sphere.

The alk and murmur quiet. People in stands sit ins seats and lean forward. Peopl in isles stand and clears.

,,WILLIAM!'' one yells.

>|William, sees love, show and tell your fans to love you,< sees Love.

William raises hands and arms like a cross and shouts, ,,WHO WILL BE FREED OF THEIR SINS BY WILLIAM WESTMORE!''

The crowd talks, a few clap and laugh. Many sit and watch. The talking calms.

William looks through the sphere and at the crowd. He walks around the Sphere with head nodding. He makes eye contact with a hugoboin waring trousers and black vest. He winks at a hafling surrounded by soldiers. He glares across the crowd leaving glances and murmurs. He watchs the platfor rise. 

A sword top spins from the hole.

On the platform, an elf wearing a cloth mesh shirt hanging over studded leater spint two short swords like fan blades. The short swords cicle around his body. 

The elf sees William and twirls short swords before William.

Willima sees the bladed from cornor of eye. He heas the low talk and the few claps. He loos at crowd then at the warrior.

One shouts from crowd. ,,WILLIAM KILLS GARRA!''

The elven warriors whirls blades and steps toward William.

>|Garra is weak,< sees Love like a whisper to the beat of William's heart. 

William pushes shield forward and stands.

The short swords blades whirl around the from around waits to chest to head of Garra as he peers ate William.

William squeezes crossbow trigger. 

>|Ease the finger for the show.<

William stands and swings swords.

Garra stops swords swirl and slash X at Williams head.

William slashes long sword and hits the two swords to one side and bashes the shield in Garra's face.

>|Slow...And show. Play the role of the fight,< whispers Love's thoughts to William's mind.

William holds swords strike at the neck of Garra and steps away. 

Garra swings swords side to side at William.

William hits them away from the steel shields.

Garra steps and slash short swords at his sides.

William hits one sword away with shield and one sword away with sword.

The crowd cheers and a few boo.

Garra stabs and bashes shorts swords at William.

Teh crowd cheers and boos.

William steps back, hits away stab with swords and blocks bash with shield. He steps back. He clenches jaw and stands.

>|Step back and around....More hits...Crowd want..> sooths Love.

William parries one then two slashes. He shield blocks the bashes.

The claps and clicks rap and clack with clatter fo sword htting sword.

garra swings and hits Williams spiked shoulders strap.

The crowd cheers.

William pushes away swords and arm and slices swords across the chest of Garra.

The crowd claps and pound of Shoere.

Garra's armar sparks but doesn't cut. 

Garra's quick sword slaesh William's sword arm.

A few people clap louder than the pounds.

>|Slow for show...<

Wiliam inhales and slolwy exhales.

Garra slash and cuts over Williams breast plate. Garra stabs, and stabs is parried by William.

William shield bashes Garra.

Garra slams William's shoulder spikes and stabs at face.

William leans and bend head, leg armor snaps hold. William stumbles as stabbing short sword slices above face. He stumbles back swinging sword wild.

The crowd claps and pounds the glass sphere.

Garra hacks short swords once, twice. Blades dent William's bracers, break Williams hand cross bow and beat back william's steel shield and Williams as William slips on the curve of the sphere.

William falls to butt with a clang, and William raises bucker steel shield.

The crowd cheers and laughs.

Garra's short swords sit William's steel shield. Sparks flash.

William slashes long sword at Garra's legs.

Long swords strikes ankle.

Garra steps and limps back. 

The crowd quiets.

William leans and stands holding shield before.

Short sword sparks off the shield. A short swords stabs Williams stomach.

William loses breath.

The crowd claps.

Garra's shors swords strike the sides of William. 

William thrusts shield to throw an arma and sword away while stabbing at the chest.

Gara's swings short swords at stabbing longsword blade.

>Kill, William,< sees Love to William's mind.

Willliam swats aside short sword with long sword and blocks other short sword with shield.

Garra slashes at William.

William blocks one swords slice as second sword slices. Sparks fly.

William stabs and back slashes.

Garra side steps the stabs.

The long sword slashes Garra's stomach.

The crowd cheers.

One short sword slices past Williams face while the other one stabs and should when Garra steps froward. Short sword stabs shoulder, armor, chainmail. 

William shield bashes Garra's chest and swings long swords.

Garra stumbles back, and back of Garra is cut by long sword.

>|Calm...< burr Love with William's heart.

William steps back and swats away short sword swing and stabs hip of Garra.

>|Calm...< sees Love.

Garra steps back and twirls blades.

The crowd

The fists pounds the sphere. ,,KIIIIIIIIIIIIIL.''

William stands with Shield foward, long swords ready to fight, and body ready evade.

Garra slashes one blade and bashes with another blade.

William slaps slash away with long sword and pounds with shield away the other sword.

Garra reaches and stabs at shoulder and slices down at his head.

Willam slams away stab with shield. He lowers head for short sword to thunk against helm to.

Head ring stings, but Love's purr sooths and focuses sight of william.

>|Yes, William. Slow...Slow...< Love sees with William heart and breath beats strong and slow. 

William swings sword at Garra shoulders with soft swing hitting with shoulder soft. William feels Love's purr.

Love's warm spreads through William warming pain to waves of massage. The crowd claps. 

,,GARRA!'' on shouts with the claps and pounds and a skant of, ,,KIILLLL. KIILLL. KIILLL...''

Garra twirls and swings swords. 

Swords hit Williams long sword and shield. 

William steps back.

The sphere moves.

William shield punches Garra's arms pushing Garra back.

Garra swings short sword one and two.

Short sword cuts between willians spiiked shoulder plate and bicep plate. Short sword bashes William's hip.

William clenches jaw and fist and grunts swing logn sword, and a the burn from the jcut on shoulder numbs and sooths with a burr from heat and from Love. William's jaw relaxes and mind stares rages and peers at Garra.

,,GARRA! GARRA! GARRA!'' is chanted with pound on glass. ,,GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAA!'' shouts another.

Garra swirls and swats short swords at shield, face shoulders and hips. Short swords hit hips with a thunk and helm with a thunk.

William feels pain then feels it sooth. He raises shields and swings swords hitting away swords strikes. He steps back and stares letting his body follow the look of Garra.

With a purr from Love that gives calm for all, Love moans, >|Wiiiiiiiiiillllllllllllliiiiiiiam...< the sounds sending bliss through pain.

William raises shield and hits away short swords strike. William parries shorts swords and stabs by Garra's face. William swats shield at short sword back. Wililam steps back.

Garra steps and swings and stabs.

William parries and shield bashes.

They stand still.

Garra whirls and strikes with blurring bashing swords from William's hip to head.

Willam parries one short swords swing and bashes away another with long swords. He deflects one swat with shield and pushes back another with a shield bash. 

Short swords bashes William's hip plate and vibrates through bone. 

William shutters and leg buckles. 

Garra slashs at William's ankle.

William stumbles. He glenches fist and jaw. He stands and raises shield.

The chants of ,,GARRA!,'' pound into William with the fists of the glass.

William clenches guantlet fist and swings at face. 

Garra steps back, leans back, swirlling words and striking William's back.

A blade cut throughs William's chain mail and skin. the other bashes his shoulder.

Pain bursts the purr warming and numbing body. Rages peers a Garra.

>|Kill,< sooths Love. >|Kill,< beats Love with Williams thumping heart.

William back swings guantle fist and buckler shield and slams Garra's face.

Blood files from Garra's mouth as Garra stumbles back swinging swords.

The crowd cheers.

Short swords hits William's spiked shoulders and shield.

>|Kill,< breathes Love.

William swings long swords, punches with guantlet and stabs at Garra.

Sword cuts Garra's arms. Guantlet bashes Garra's face. Long swords stabs Garra's hip.

Garra stumbles back and slashes swords by William's side as Garra stumbles back to the curve of the glass sphere.

The chants of Garra calm and quiet. Pounds on sphere thud and thump.

>|Kill,< rubs Love.

,,WILLLLLLLLLLIAM,'' shouts a voice.

William holds shield and swings and slashes sword.

Garra finds feet and hits William's longs sword swing and hits other short swords on William's shield.

William's long sword slash cuts the chain mesh armor of Garra from chest to stomach.

The crowd cheers. 

Love purrs, >Kill, William, Kill.<

,,BACK YOU BEAST.'' William bashes long sword down and steps froward with shield thrust. Long swords strikes as William shouts. ''AND KNEEL BEFORE WILLIAM WESTMORE.''

Garra leaps back and away from sword slash and press back against the glass sphere. 

,,KNEEL!'' William's shield swats aside short sword and slash long swords, and long sword cuts Garra's arm, back swings and cuts Garra's leg as William's guantlet swords smash Grra's face. ''KNEEL!''

Blood flies from Garra's mouth, and Garra's mouth remains quiet and closed as he leaps at William.

William follows guantlet punches with shift and turn of shoulder....

Garra's face slams William's shoulder. A spike cuts face. A spike stabs eyes.

William twists and pushes Garra against the sphere and steps back.

The crowd cheers.

William feels a rush of awe and praise flowing through him like orgasm quivers.

Love's mental purr flowsthrough William as he looks at Garra.

Garra falls to back and rolls to side, tries to stand and slips on blood.

Blood smears.

Crowd pounds in rythm. ,,KILL. KILL. KILL...''

William steps to stand above Garra.

Garra's face bleeds and sprays blood as Garra swing short sword.

William hist short sword away with long sword.

''KILL. KILL. KILL...'' chants the crowd.

Garra rolls and holds eye whimpering and shaking head.

''KILL! KILL! KILL!!'' shouts the crowd.

>|Kill, William,< sees Love.

William grabs Garra's helm with guantlet and pulls it off. 

Garra swats at William and slips on blood, falls flat. Garra blood face speaks gagging gibberish.

>|KILL,< sees LOVE.

William garbs Garra's braided hair and lifts head. ,,Silence you beast for you sing a song of the dead.'' 

Garra lifts hands and holds them up at William. The talk of blurred words from the surface talk word of ,,No.''

And the crowd chants and cheers and Love give her purrs.

William release rage and stabs long sword into the neck of Garra then release the hair.

Garra's limb body slides from the longs sword and flops down.

The crowd cheers. A few people chant, ,,WILLIAM! WILLIAM! WILLIAM!!!"

William steps back on the platform. He raise his blood sword and bloody guantle and looks around the crowd meeting their stares and claps. He shouts. ,,BRING YOUR WARRIORS TO ME AND I WILL PURIFY THEIR MINDS WITH MY SWORD AND GIVE THEIR LIVES A MEANING IN DEATH!''

The crowd claps, and fists pound the sphere.

The platform lowers.

William lowers with the platform.

Love sees to William's mind, >|William, you are a warrior to fight for your freedom and you will have your freedom after your next fight. You will be with me if you want em William.<

William breathes. ,,I fight for you, Love.''

A purr of Love vibrates through William soothing pain. >|You follow the soldiers to our roo, and we will be together.<

The platform lowers past the hall to Warriors Waiting.

William and Kirra stands. They stare.

Kirra steps at William. She shouts. ,,YOU ARE TRAPPED, WILLIAM! SPEAR IS GONE!''

Tower shields held by guards are slammed to ground. The workers in gray scatter. Shadows soldiers stretch along the hall and manifest around Kirra.

Kirra steps from the top entrance and pumps into a shadows soldier. A chill spreads over her skin.

>|Kirra,< sees Love. >|You will fight soon enough.<

Kirra stands.

She stares at the guards and the tubes. She watches the Shadow Soldies flick and stand.

A body fall through the tube and hits the ground below. An echo sounds a long leap down. 

Kirra pulls on armor strabs and shifts bracers to seat them on forearms.

The guards move the tower shields and reveal the blood stained platform.

>|Fight, Kirra,< sees Love.

Kirra steps onto the platform.

The platform rises.

Kirra grabs a dagger and short swords.   

The crowd murmurs. They click and clack.

Kirra tosses the dagger up through the tube into the sphere.

The dagger hits falls.

Kirra pulls the Red Dagger from the Red Sheath and crouch lower then springs into the sphere.

The crowd claps.

A few cheer around the sphere, ,,KIRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!''

Kirra stands and walks around the sphere looking around the walls and sides at the walls through the sphere.

The glass sphere is in a glass cube, and the glass cube is a glass pillar. The glass pillar rises from the glass floor to glass ceiling. The glass ceiling and glass foll spant for four large glass square. Glass seats and boths rise from the base of the pillar like bleachers to the four walls. Booths rise like inverted bleechers from the top of milddle of the walls to the top of the glass pillar.

People stand around the large circle. A Few stand below and a few stand above. The booths like inverted bleechers seat robe dressed goblinkin and human, elves and dwarfs sitting and eating and holding a stick long enough to strick the sphere. All but the far boths closes to the four glass walls holds not rod to pound the sphere.

A stick from a nearby both pounds. Then fists pound.

The platform lowers.

Kirra sheathes Red Dagger and short sword and pulls two daggeer from belt.

The platform lowers to darkness.

Kirra steps back from edge and peers through teh glass pshere and through the glass tube through the wall of darkness. She holds daggers.

She stares. A few more sticks and a few fist pound. ,,KIRRRRRRAAA!'' is shouted.

A head appears braided and pulle back.

Kirra steps and thows two daggers into tube at the head.

The head is attached to a neck to a body covered in spiked shoulder pads and chest plate. A helmet with a mask. Leather strabs over back.

One dagger hits helm. The other daggger sticks into back.

Kirra throws two ore daggers as the warrior turn and throws a trident.

>WAIT,< shouts Love to Kirra's mind.

Kirra feels the buzz through body shaking sight.

Kirra steps back and leans focus on a tree growing roots then grows the thought of the buzz. 

The trident flies to hit the top of the sphere.

Kirra pulls and throws two more dagger into hole. 

Daggers fly and hit flying gladiator with spiked shoulder pads. One dagger hit the spike and another stabs shoulder and sticks.

A few boo and other pound fist, and sticks raise and tap the sphere.

Kirra feels the buzz pain of love sooth to a soft vibration like a hum of the walls singing during the dark in the nest.

Two hands grabs Kirra's foot and pulls.

Kirra kicks the steel face of the helm and steps away pull short sword and Red Dagger from Sheathes.

The gladiator leaps from the rube and swings scimitar at Kirra's head.

,,ZZZZZZZANNNN!'' shouts a group.

Zan stands as tall as William, as wide as Spear and as bald as Guile.

Scares cover his stomac and bare back. A chest plate covers his chests. Two arm pieces with spikes on shoulders are strapped around back and chest. Lether covers necke and waist, legs to spike covered boots. Two of Kirra's dagger stick from Zan's back. On dagger sticks from Zan's stomach.

Kirra slashes short sword across the stomach of Zan and crouches to stabs Red dagger in hip.

The short sword cuts over chest cutting scarred flesh and scrapping over steel. The red dagger stabs thorugh flesh steell and in to leg. Kirra tries to pull the red dagger from hip sunk deep to hilt, but rolls away leaving dagger in Zan's leg.

Zan swings scimatar and throws a net. The scimitar cuts Kirra's back and messh armor. The net covers. The scimitar swings agains.

Kirra rolls to knees and swings short sword.

The short sword hits the spreading net.

The net wraps around Kirra's arm adn short sword hiooking with small metal barps.

Kirra pulls dagger from belt sheath and hits away scimitar swing.

Zan swings scimitar and grabs and pulls a trident from spanning from back as he limp steps toward Kirra.

Kirra grabs net and swings net, pulls net and stabs. Kirra's mind feels the soothing vibration shake to a soft buzz.

>|STOP!< minds shouts Love through Kirra. Kirra drops her knife.

Zan pullw with net, swings with scimitar and leans in spiked shoulder as he flies at Kirra.

The small barbs diggin into Zan's spikes and Kirra's skin. Scimitar cuts Kirra's stomach.

Kirra drips he short sword which hands in net between her and Zan. She ducks the spikes and his Zan's stomach grabbing the knife in the stomach of Zan and pushing while stabbing with the other.

The two collide.

Zan pulls on net and cuts the back. Zan slams hilt on Kirra's back.

They fall.

Kirra holds on to the dagger in stomach and pushes it into the body of Zan.

The buzze through Kirra's mind and body shakes and pounds the nerves and bones of Kirra with a long mental sound of >|STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPP...< echoing through Kirra's mind.

Zan wraps net around Kirra's net.

Kirra pushes on dagger in stomach and grabs Red Dagger and twists as they roll on top of the platform.

Zan tenses with twist of Red's daagger and pulls on the net.

The net's barbs cut Kirra's faces and rope wraps around. Her head yanks back.

Kirra pushes on Red Dagger.

Zan releases net grabs her arm hold Red Daggger with both hands. 

The barbs cut Kirra's face and arm as the become entwined in the net.

The buzz in Kirra's mind pounds. Kirra's fingers and hand are numb. Her blurred sight shakes and blinds.

Red covers Kirra, Zan the floor.

The sphere moves and pushes against Kirra and Zan on the platform.

Kirra holds onto the Red Dagger.

Zan punches and pulls at Kirra's arms. His hands slips from Kirra's blood covered arms. 

Kirras hands lsip from the blood covered red Dagger hilt. She pulls arm from net and pulls net from face.

Barps scratch Kirra's face. 

The buzz of Love tingles through Kirra's spine, slips, falls and crawl from net and Zan.

Zan rolls to the bottom of the sphere tugging on the Red Dagger. Blood smears and pools. 

Kirra lays and slips with roll of sphere. She reaches for dagger. Her fingers twitch. Her arm shakes. Her legs cramp.

Zan grabs the Red Dagger hilt and pulls and pulls and pulls with hands slipping and and gribbing.

Blood flows and pools around Zan.

Kirra slips and bloods and grabs daggers.

>|NOOOOOOOO...< shouts through Kirra's being.

Kirra drops dagger and rolls down sphere next to Zan.

Zan breathes and and raises, falls, raise and slips slapping the Red Dagger hilt.

Kirra kicks at Zan head kicking the metal mask, kicking the helm from head, kicks in Zan scarred and bloody face.

Zan breathes and puts hand over face and rolls tries to roll to side, but Red Dagger sticks from leg hlding his roll as he slipe swith teh bool of blood to the bottom of the sphere. 

Kirra kicks back of head and kicks the hilts of the two daggers in Zan's back.

Zan breaths and pushes arms against sphere to knee then slips and falls, lays, stares. Bubbles burst from the blood pool from Zan's mouth.

The vibration through Kirra stops.

Kirra kicks in Zan's face. She kick up the side of the sphere.

Fist and sticks pound and tab against the sphere and pillar.

,,KIRRRRA THE KILLLLLLLLLLER!'' shout one.

,,KIRRA1,'' shouts another with a thud on sphere.

The sphere rolls.

Kirra stands and walks to Ran's body. She grabs Red Dagger and pulls it from his hip feeling the blade scrape metal under flesh.

The sphere rolls and the pounds calm to a few. The taps of stick silence.

Kirra pulls helmet and armor from body.

Love sees to Kirra as Kirra strips Zan, >|You will learn to obey me. You will feel my pain before you feel your pleasures. You will never leave these wall alive if you do not obey. You will give us your final show if you do not obey.<

Kirra pulls a leahter sack with thick black rope hidden under the spike shoulder strap. She grab and sheaths her daggers. 

The sphere stops rolling.

Kirra steps to the platform.

The platform lowers and stops before the guards, a few shadow soldiers and two gnomes wearing gray body suits.

Love sees to Kirra. >|You will return to your nest. You will...<

Kirra stands on the platform, ,,Where's Spear?''

>|You move from platform,< sees Love.

The shadow soldiers sway and steps into the tube.

Kirra steps from the tube along the hall. 

The shadows soldiers caste around Kirra. They flicker and spread forming a ring around Kirra as her blood stained foot steps lead to Warriors Waiting.

In warriors waiting, Kirra walks toward the steaming pool in the center. 

Shadow soldiers flows and stand before Kirra. 

She stands before the shadow soldiers.

Three more shadow soldiers stetch from the shadow of a table and manifest around Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,Lead.''

The shadow soldiers lead Kirra around the large room to a hall.

Gladiators glance from then benches at Kirra. 

BANG! slams through the warriors waiting.

The talk, laughter and clicks and clack silences.

A group of guard wearing yellow leather and blue chain mail burst into warriors waiting from the hall along opposite wall of Kirra.

Gladiators and Kirra stop and watch. 

The shadow soldiers halt.

BANG! slams. Then louds squeaking with a deep rumble and shout. Click and clacks thunk.

Kirra walks the hall. She hears clicks and clacks of warning shoulders. She stops and turns.

Gladiators stand from benches and look up from tables.

Soldiers runs and scatter between the benches and tables. They raise shields and and swords.

Kirra steps back.

The shadows soldiers stands.

Soldiers holding poles with stiff arms step and shuffls jump and bace. They steps back.

A huge rat twice as big a soldier kicks and claws and jumps around a shifting circle of soldiers.

Soldiers hold poles and pole hook around chains. Chains wrap around the huge rat. Straps wrap around the rats thick brown fur.

,,Spear,'' says Kirra as the shadow soldiers push Kirra into the wall of darkness.

Spear leaps at soldiers, and fills the tug of ten chains pulling him back. He swats larg paws and claws.

The soldiers push and puls Spear through Warriors Waiting along the hold to the tube and and platform.

Spear pushes against chains. He leaps and hits a soldier's shield. A plole hits face, and chains pull.

They dance down the hall. Soldiers between Spear and the tube unhook poles form chain and shuft between Spear and hall then poke Spear with pole.

The two soldiers standing guard slide against wall between spear.

Spear leaps and hits two guards. One falls.

Ten guards push and hit pulls against Spear.

Chains push Spear back into the tube.

The platform rises.

Spear leaps from platform and at the soldiers.

Soldiers connect medium shields and form a small wall. Poles poke through and hit speak back. Poles unhook.

The platform rises and spear lowers to swipe at the shields. The paw bashes a shield back.

Soldiers unhook poles and poke at Spear.

The platform rises.

One pole is release and pulls through the gab.

Spear steps back and looks up at the wall of fan darkness. Spear rolls unhooking the pole. Spear shakes and pulls with pawa on the chains. Spear rolls.

Through the dark, Spear rolls and holds pause to unlock chains. He breaks two. One hangs around waist as he appears from the dark.

People under the sphere and on the side of the tube pound the glass and point. They hold muggs and tap them against the wall.

Spear leaps into the sphere.

The crowd claps and shouts. They pound on the base and the top of th sphere. They tap the poled on sphere's side.

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' one shouts. The voice echoes through the glass and through the sphere.

Spear runs arounad shaking looks a chain. He runs vover the platform and runs on hind legs for a few steps and hits pulls aagainst the base of the spshere. 

The metal pole bends, and the glass sphere chips.

,,IT IS SPEAR! shout many as one. 

The platfrom lowers and Spear runs around the sphere sniffing and feeling.

Blood of human and dwarf, elf and goblins stain the sides. Bits of skins stick to glass. Hair tuft blow around.

Spear runs around and around looking at the sphere and the crowd. he drags the chains through the sphere.

The cheers silence, but the pounds on sphere roll like drums.

Spear sniffs sweat of id fuming from the tube. Hear hear the glass scrape glass. He runs along side of Spear and up the sphere seeing all and the id in the tube.

The pounds against the base of the sphere fall in rhythm with the taps of the poles and the claps of the crowd.

The id in the tube glitters.

The glitters spear.

Many chant with pounds, claps and taps. ,,JI JI JI JI JI JI.''

Spear runs the sphere, up the sphere and leaps at Ji's and Ji's glittering body. Spear looks at Jin and runs up the side of the sphere.

Ji is covered in metal scales hanging over body. Two hands make fists while the other two hold a short sword and a shield. Short swords hand around waste between rows
 of components pouches.

Ji raises amrs with swords and shield and pumps them in air and steps a circle starring at the crowd.

The crowd pound, claps and taps together. ''JI JI JI...''

Spear leaps from near the top of sphere at Ji.

Ji stands with back to Spear then spins with swords spinning circle and two hands grabbing component packs from slots of glimmering metal belt.

Spear lands on top of Ji.

Short swords hit spear's side, and one cuts skin. 

Ji drops components and grabs Spear and throws Spear.

Spear swipes with fore paws and claws and grabs with rear paws and claws. Clase scrape the metal scales cutting hands. Claws slip from waist as the paws try to grip.

Spear hits the sphere side.

The crowd pounds and claps. ,,JI!''

Ji grabs more components form pouches at hips and swings shorts sword at Spear. 

Spear leaps at Ji and punches with paws.

Spear double punches Ji's sequine like scales covering stomach. 

The short swords cut spear's hips and shoulder. 

Speaer raise and sweeps paws and scratches over the glimmering scales and slams forearms agains the forearm if Ji that hold short swords.

Ji's upper arms part. Ji's lower palms clap and touch Spear's stomach. Blue sparks arch from Ji's hand to Spear's undersider.

Spear's body jolts. He falls on back. Spear's hinds legs kick the knees of Ji and scratches knees and shins.

Sequins scales fall. Sequin scales cut Spear's paw and jam under claws.  Ji's yellow blood spreads over sequins.

Ji's legs buckle. One knee pops and Ji steps with other and falls at Spear. Short swords stab down at Spear's back. Ji's lower hands grabs Spear.

Bluse sparks arch from Ji's hand to Spear.

Spear feels no shock. Spear feels rage and stength and holds Ji above.  Spear's fore paws hit and grab Ji's upper wrists. Spear bites at Ji's face.

Short sword tips hang above Spears under side. Spear's maw nips Ki's big nose.

Orange blood drops

Ji's steps and lifts legs to straddle over Spaer. Lower arms punch under fore leges and presses swords at Spear.

Spear's arms stiffen with pain. One arm buckles and short sword stab Spear.

Spear lifts hind legs, wraps them under the upper arms and shoulders of Ji. Spear grabs the pouches around Ji's waist and bites at Ji's face as Spear's legs pulls Ji's back.

Ji jerks head back, kicks with legs and pushes with arms. Ji falls back from spear and hits the bottom of sphere from Spear.

Spear rips component bags and belt from Ji. Spear claws Ji's face with hind legs after Ji hits the glass.

Ji stabs at Spear and stabs rub.

Spear kicks and kicks and pushes and scampers from Ji.

The crowsd cheers.

Small component packets bounces and roll to sphere bottom. yellow and red blood pool orangs.

Spear kicks and scampers the side and around the sphere at ji.

Ji rolls and stands grabbing both short swords. Ji snaps fingers and clicks and clacks.

A shimmer appears before Ji as Spear leaps at Ji.

Spear feels a force like water spread over him as he enters the shimmer and hits Ji.

Jit slashs at Spear.

The force around Spear splashes away, and Spear's fore paw slam and slach Ji's shoulders as body slams Ji. 

Ji twists and pushes arms out, stumble back and dropds short sword. Scales glimmer and fall.

Spear cuts paws as his paws scrape and cut and Ji. Fore and hind paws scrath and kick away.

Ji stumble back and click and clack and slaps short sword hit and two appear in his upper hands. Ji stands. 
 
Spear lands on paws, grabs a chain and stands on hind legs while whipping chain at Ji.
 
The chain whips and twists around Ji's waist. 

Short sword blad cuts Spear's fore leg hodling chain.

Three hands of Ji grabs chain and pull.

Spear pulls.

The chain snaps taut.

Ji and Spear pulls. 

Spear release the chain and leaps at Ji. His shoulder slams Ji's chest adn the chain.

Glimmers scales of armor cuts spear.

Ji slams dounble fist and sword hit on Spear's back.

Ji's lower hands pulls daggers.

They hit and roll. 

JI stabs Spear's stomach.

Spear bites Ji's face, scales and a mouth full of blood. Spear's mouth stings and burns. Paws maul Ji's dagger stabbing arm.

Ji's pulls away from Spears blur paws and yellow flowing blood. Arm hangs limp.

Ji's lower hands grab into the glimmering scales. Blood drips from face.

Spear pulls dagger from chests and grabs chain.

Ji slaps fingers of lower hands and points at Spear, steps back.

Ji's fingers flash like lighting then rods and strike Spear as Spear leaps at Ji. The rods of lighting arch and jump around Spear's body.

Spear's body slams Ji. Paws punch face. Hind legs grapple Ji's legs.

Ji falls  and grabs tufts of Spear's fur.

Spear bits Ji's neck and bites scales the cuts lips and gums.

Ji grabs Spear's fae with all three hands and pushes away.

Spear wraps and squeezes legas around Ji's legs as fore leges punch between Ji's arms. Spear's arms rises aon side of head.

Ji presses fingers into Spear's eyes as Spear's pulls his hands aways.

Spear's head shakes.

Ji's lower arm pulls a dagger from sheath, stabs.

Spear rolls and pulls slipping over Ji's.

The sequins armor cuts Spear's skin.

Spear slips arma around back.

Id punch Spear and stabs a dagger.

Dagger stabs Spear's side.

Spear rolls to side and wraps arms over upper shoulders and legs and pulls back.

Ji whistles and clicks and shakes.

Spear's squeaks and roars and pulls slides, slips along the glimmering scales. Hise paws grip and slip as legs pull Ji's legs and upper arms back.

The glimmering scales scrape and cut Spear, cover in red blood; pop from path of Spear's claws into Ji's chest.

Jim slams back of head into Spear's muzzle; stabs Spears hind thight with dagger; and grabs and holds something from under the shimmering glittering armor.

Spear shakes head and chomps on back of Ji's neck. He pulls legs and dick claws through glimmering scales.

Scales cut claws and paws, tongue and

Ji clicks and gags adn slaps lower palm on to Spear's thigh.

Spear's thighs flex and pulls JI's legs back.

A packet on Ji's palm breaks and stings Spear's leg. Smoke and fumes of burning flesh rise.

Spear's thights and bisceps flex and pulls shoulders and hips back and bites and bites neck.

Ji stabs a dagger into Spear's other thigh.

Spear feels his body tense and hold. He feels his rage explode from body pushing mind and thoughts from the body and around the Spear.

Spear feels the pounds of fists and poles against the sphere. He hears the cheers and claps. He smells the sage and tang of brown root. 

Spear sees Ji twist dagger as it's yellow blood spreads over the shimmering scales. 

Spear feels mind pulls back into body with a roar and a pop.

A pop thumps through the sphere.

Ji's body muscles go limb. Arms fall. Legs flop.

Spear rolls and from back and lays Ji's body on sphere.

People stare into the sphere. 

,,IT! IS! SPEAR!'' shout on. 

,,SPEAR!'' shout many. 

A sole pole taps the top of sphere. 

Then many fists pound the sphere. 

,,IT IS SPEAR!''

Spear lays and breathes. He smells the sweat of goblins warriors and their leather. He feels the heart of Ji stop. He feels the stink of the yellow blood in mouth. He feels some one starring.

Spear stands on all four legs and walks around the sphere dripping blood from leg and smelling the smoke from leg. Spear feels the pain with the walk, but feels through the glass sphere and into the ground a force that pulls.

The pulling force guides Spear to the side of the sphere.

The sphere shift, and Spear walks with the roll of the sphere and peers into the boxes  near the top.

Flare sits on a seat next to Senator Ring.

Spear claws, crawls at the box near the top.

Flare stands from seat and walks into the darkness.

Spear leaps and hist the glass near the virewers box. 

The sphere stops rolling. 

Spear punches paw against the sphere. Paws hit and hit and hit.

Senator Ring sits and smiles and stands and walks from Spear's sight following Flare to the dark.

Spear punchs paws sphere. Blood smears, and sphere cracks.

People step back from the sphere. People stop walk from their seats  to turn and stare.

Spear slips limp leg over the glass and slides to bottom.

Spear leaps and hits teh side of sphere.

A hiss sounds. A stream of smoke blows from the top of the sphere.

The smoke spreads.

Spear punchs, cough, gags and coughs up phlegm.

Spear punchs wall. 

The crack spreads. People steps away and up the stairs to the seats.

Spear cooughs and slips. 

Spear's chest quivers and coughs, slips.

The sphere rolls and moves.

Sphere tumbles to the bottom and rolls with the sphere and convulses with the coughs. He lays on the platform.

The platform lowers.

Spear's muscles tense and shake. His body feels to roll into a ball.

The platform lowers and stops before a sixteen square of guards.

Spear's tries to stretch arms and legs, but the muscles tense and flex into a ball.

Chains are tossed over Spear. 

Two soldiers with towers shields march step onto the platform. They squeeze between Spear and the walls then push Spear toward the openning. 

Spear lays and feels body tense. He tires to move legs and arms to run for the open space and troward a smell of fresh lamp. He twitches, feels body hold and roll.

Chains ar thrown over Spear. Poles are hooked on the chains. Soliders pull pulls and hooks chains.

Spear ppers at the tower shield hitting head and pushing against body. He tries to move arm, but muscles crip and hold body.

The soldiers click and clack in unison and pulls spear from the platform. 

Two workers in gray wipe blood from the ground and platform as Spear smears the blood from the platform hall to Warriors Waiting.

Fifteen soldiers hold a pull and a chain. One clicks and the other clicks in unison and pull Spear.

Spear lays. He stares. He sees other warriors watching. He smells lamp fumes and body oder. He feel stuck. 

Clicks and clacks spread through warriors waiting and follow the soldiers and spear along a hall to a wall of darkness.

SPEAR!'' shouts Kirra stands in the hall near the dark wall. Kirra pushes against the shadows soldiers.

The shadow soldiers push Kirra into the black wall. 

>Spear is going home,< sees Love to Kirra's mind. >|You return to the nest.<

Kirra returns to the next hrough the halls and with the soldiers soldiers. As they near the nest, Shadow soilders flow adn merge with the shadows flickering and stretching. 

Kirra walks to the nest and sits. She pulls out pack with bandages and water. She drinks and cleans wouunds. She wraps wounds and eats. 

Before light's dim, the shadows soldiers flow away.

The hum comes, and Kirra falls asleep. Then she wakes and takes the day to find the boundries of the halls and rooms of the gladiators. She walks to the bizaar in the cube. She roams the gym at the bottome. She walks to doors and halls with walls of darkness only to be stopped by a guard and pushed from the dark from a forces. 

Another light and dark pass with Kirra eating and running through out the gladiator quauters. 

The second light after fight begins with Kirra changing bandages and eating. Then she runs the halls and stares counting guards and runing past the lines to the showers and toilets. Kirra pees in the corner or next and shits on the other side. She swings swords and throws daggers. Before the second dark until light, Kirra puts wax from that sealed packets sealsed by the gnomes in her hear ears.

The dark comes with the vibration, and Kirra lay in darkness. She walks the halls dark halls seeing shades of gray and black span over the rugs adn tables, chairs and
 tapestries hung. 

She sees to gray shapes like guards appear in sight.

Kirra steps to the side of the hall lays and closes her eyes with hand loose over knife hilt.

The soldiers walk along the hall and around a distand corner.

Kirra stands and walks through the dark gray. She runs to the walls of darkness and the exiting doors. 

Guards and soldiers stands. A few lay and sleep. Others walk to and fom the walls of darkness.

Kirra then returns to the nest, pulls wax from ears, hears the hum and mind vibrates to calm.


Six light to next fight, Kirra wakes and eats. She cleans wounds and pushes on bone and musces feeling it shift underskin.

She walks. She eats. She sleeps.Kirra wakes before the dark and puts wax in ears.Night comes, and Kirra walks the halls into the wash rooms and showers.A lone guard snores in a class seat at the entrance.

Shit and piss fume around hole. Mold and moss spread with slime over the glass path.

Kirra steps along the path between the row of showers stalls and row of holes for waste.

She kneels near a hole and peers into the hole.

Darks shades deeps to a trench that spans to darkness. Light gray shines from the hole then becomes back. Water flows far below.

Kirra stands. She walks the halls to the border of dark walls.

Guards and soldiers stands and stare. A few sleep. Others roll bones overthe ground and cheer.

Kirra was and returns to the next, pulls wax from ears and sleeps.

Five lights to thirteenth fight, Kirra pulls rope from nest. Sh cleans wounds and armor, shord swords and daggers. Sheeats, sleeps and watches in the main hall. She puts wax in hears and waits for darkness.

Darkness falls, and Kirra waits for soldiers to march past. One stops and pokes her then walks away. 

Kirra sees only the dark gray of the hues of dark. She reaches behind the cloth door and grabs rope and scabbard. She walks to the waste holes and showers. She peers around corner.

A soldier holding a pike sits on a chair in the middle of the isle between the showers and waste hole.  
 
The pike moves. The soldiers stands. 

Kirra slides and steps from door and sit against wall behind table. She lowers head below the table top and behind a table cloth. She hold breathe.
 
Sweat drips from her nose.

She peers around seeing more down than up and seeins side to side.

To one side, a pike tip appears from the door to the showers and waste holes.

The pike pokes into hall followed by soldies. The soldiers stands.

Kirra sits and quiets breath and slows heart.

The soldier  steps toward the table and walks past the table.

Kirra sits.

The soldiers stands.

Kirra sits and grips role.The soldier stnads. Its body sways.

Kirra sits and sits and sits.

The the soldiers steps and steps back and walks back by Kirra and the table then pivots and strides to door. 

Kirr stands and follows. 

The soldiers steps into the doorway to the showers and waste holes.

Kirra steps past and behind and strides two strides to other door way, the exit, of the waste and showers holes. 

The doorway spans along an isle of showers stalls and waste holes. 

Kirra steps inside and along the isle. She steps along isle with short sword and dagger gripped in hands. She steps to the end of isle.

The isle turns Wane. 

Kirra steps wane and slowly peeks past the wall and stall along the isle.

The soldier sits in chair with pike.

Kirra steps back and walks along the isle and peers at the waste holes and stalls.

She finds a few holes through the glass walls of the stalls of the showers. The holes are twice the width of the rope.

The waste holes are as wide as Spear's shoulders. 

Fumes of farts float. Pee stain stench stings. Water drips from spouts over the showers.

Kirra pulls a copper coin from pocket and drops the coin.The coin glimmers into darkness.

Kirra grabs the edge of a waste hole and lowers head and hands inside.

Fumes of shit feel to cover face. 

Her hand slides on slimes and slips. Chest hits edge with a splat. 

Kirra holds. She sheathes dagger and pulls wax from an hear. 

A low hum echoes. Water drips ripple the sound. Sound of a stream sounds through the hum. Kirra hears the steam flow around piles and stacks and types of dams.Kirra puts the wax in ear and lifts from hole. She grabs swords and rape and walks from hall. 

She leaves the stalls and waste holes and around halls to the nest. In the nest, she puts rope and daggers in nest. She pull out wax and sleeps.

She wakes four lights to fight. She cleans wounds. She stretechs. She follows guards through the bazaar and gym. She watches a hall and finds the time of changing guards. She eats. She check her rope length, packs water. She runs and throws daggers. She naps with wax in hears.

She wakes during dark. She walks the halls and around to the waste holes and shower stalls. 

Fumes of piss and shit hangs. Water drips. No chairs or soldiers sit.

Kirra walks to back stall and waits.

She waits for a long stare. She stands and waits for a long waits.

A few guards walks past. One peers through both doorways and long both isles.

Kirra returns to the nest and sleeps until light.

The light shines through the walls. 

Kirra's head thumps and throbs. The cut on her arm is red. 

Kirra changes bandages and cleans. She eats. She runs with the soldiers march and watches the guard changes. She walks the bizaar watching the sellers leave through a large tunnel that flows to a wall of darkness.

Her head thump become a throb.

The tunnel is three times as tall Spear and a sprint wide. 

Wagons and carts are pulled by ox and goblins. 

The goblins run and hop andpulls carts from the wall for darknes, through the gladiators and to a spot.

A wagon pulled by two ox pulls along the hall by groups of workers wearing gray. The cart stops before the wall of darkness.

Soldiers lift silver rods and hover them over the wagon top and under the wagon. The soldiers pull back tarps and open a few boxes.

One soldiers waves a gray flag.

The wagon rolls through. 

Kirra watches many carts leave and enter the dark. Her head throbs.

Kirra runs around the cube of halls and stairs and rooms of the gladiators to the nest.

Her head throbs. She lays. She sleeps.

Light shines. 

Two lights to next fight. 

Kirra wakes.

Her head feels light. She hears click and clacking.

The clicks and clack talk of fights and warriors. It talks of a big rat.

People walks past and step on the nest through hall.

Kirra pulls bandages from healed cuts. She pulls wraps from healed musles. She breatehs to feel the mended bone. 

The clicking and clacking sound clacks.

Kirra dresses in armor and weapns. She grabs the Red Dagger and short sword and steps through small hall to the main hall.

She ties up her long boots. She stands and reaches to the next above, pushes hand into nest and grabs a leather sack. 

The shadows flicker and extend from the shadows of the roots guarded by the light shining from walls, ceiling, floor.

>|Fight time, Kirra,< sees Love. 

Kirra walks to the main hall.

A sixteen square of soldiers wearing red leather and black chain mail stands in a semi-circle around door.

Love stands behind. 

Two shadow soldiers stand beside love holding William's chest.

,,Spear,'' says Kirra. She grips hilts. ''Where is Spear?''

Love looks at Kirra. >|See thoughts with your mind.<

Soldiers click and clack.

<Where's Spear,> thinks Kirra.

>Spear is waiting for Spear's fight,< sees Love. >|William is waiting.<

Love looks at the soldiers. 

One soldiers steps. The other soldiers step. All follow a lead.

Small shield press and push Kirra.

Kirra steps.

Love leads through the halls, stairs and walls of darkenss. They walk through the open market of glass buildings through a grand door into the wall of darkenss into the hall to Warriors Waiting.

Warriors waiting is empty. The pool in center drained. The glass tables clean. The locker doors open and the chests tops pulled back.

A few workers in gray robes mop the far corner.

Kirra steps with the soldiers through the middle of Warriors Waiting and by the pool. ,,Where are the fighters?'' says Kirra.

Love looks back at Kirra. >Think the surface talk words, and I will see to reply.<

<Where the figthers? Spear?> thinks Kirra.

The step by the pool and into the hall to the platform life.

Love sees, >|Spear awaits his match.< She steps and circles the warriors adn steps between to stand before Kirra. >|William will be fighting today. Today is prime fights.<

Kirra grips red dagger.

A shadow soldier manifests between Kirra and Love.

Love steps from the guards. The guards continue walk along the hall to the portal and platform.

Small shield push Kirra to walk. 

Kirra walks to the end of the hall and stands at the edge of the portal that lowers to dark.

The soldiers stand. 

The portal rises. 

William appears.

William stands staring and standing still. His eyes peers through Kirra as she rises.

They stare.

A soldiers pushes Kirra with shield.

Kirra steps forward and shoves back.

William stands and stares. His hand grips hild of long sword. His guantlet hand holds crossbow.

>Kirra, step on the platform.< sees Love.

,,William,'' says Kirra.

William step away to the edge of the platform peering at Kirra.

The platform rises.

,,William, where you been?'' Kirra says. She leans close enough to breath on William's face. ''Where are you?''

William leans head back and peers down at Kirra. ,,With my love in my new home.''

Kirra looks. She steps ack with hand on hilt.

Darkes spreads as the platform rises thorugh the darkenss. 

Light shines. People hit and stare thorugh the glass of portal. 

The platform rise into the sphere with Spear standing near the edge.

The crowd cheers and pounds the walls of the glass sphere. Rods extend and tap the glass sphere.

The platforms stops.

Spear, Kirra and William stand inside the glass sphere.














