Kirra, Spear and William stand in the glass sphere.

Love sees to all, >One must die for all to be free.<

The crowd claps and pounds the glass sphere. Rods extend from the booths and tap the sphere. ,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shouts one. A chant of, ,,KIRRRRRRA. KiRRRRRA. KIRRRRA..,'' shakes the glass.

Love purrs. >|This is you last fight as a gladiator.<

All people stand along the packed bleachers. People stand in the isles with mug and legs of lamp. They pumps arms up pumping and pushing with their shouts, cheers and whistles.

The whistle play a tune to all through the sphere.

Spear hears the whistle and lowers to all fours. His whiskers and ears twitchs. His big black eyes gleam. He walks back and grabs a chain. He reaches and grabs the handle of Red's Battle Axe strapped to back.

Kirra holds sword and knife and peers at William and around. ,,We can strike the side of the sphere. We leave.''

William grips ling sword. He glenches hilt of longs words. Guantlet clenches fist.

>Kill, William,< sees Love to William's mind.

Spear walks back and up the side of the sphere.

Kirra steps by William and Stares.

>Kill, William,< sees Love to William's mind. >|And be with me. Kill one and be free.<

William's body tenses from guantlet hand through arm and body. Hand grips swords handle.

Spear's whiskers twitch and spine feels to tingle when looking at William. Spear feels a tension spread through the sphere and William. Spear squeaks as he pounces fore legs size to side and raise to full height high above William.

William sneers and peers. 

>Kill, the rat, William,< sees Love to William's mind. >|Kill the beast. Find Spear<

,,BACK BEAST,'' shouts William raising swords. ''My sword will release you from my frined.'' William's body blooms bliss as Love's purr purrs through body.

Spear rises on hind legs and pulls the battle axe from back.

,,WILLIAM,'' shouts Kirra. She runs along the sphere to Spear and grabs a tuft of hair. ''SPEAR. DOWN!''

Spear's whiskers twitch and mouth bares teeth.

,,SPEAR.'' Kirra glares at William. ''WILLIAM!''

>Kill, William,< sees Love to William's mind.

,,Let the beast come to me, Kirra'' says Williams. He raises swords and shield. ''I will bleed the beast from Spear.''

Spear lerches.

Kirra pushes against Spear and raises dagger at William. ,,That serpant is strangling you're mind,'' says Kirra. ''Love kills you.'' She spits at William's feet. ''She is waste.''

William steps.

Kirra push back Spear.

William raise sword back. 

>Kill, the beast,< purrs Love to William's mind. William's body tenses. Mucles burn and stretch. He shakes and sweats. 

The crowds cheers quiet. The pounds soften. A few boos are heard.

,,FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHTTTTTTT!'' shouts one loud.

,,We are park,'' says Kirra starring at William.

William lowers his sword.

Love's mind voice echoes thorugh William's mind. >Kill...Beast...Kill...Beast.<

William's head pulse pains. His arm cramps.

William's long sword falls.

His guantle hand grabs a dagger.

William steps.

Kirra pushes Spear back, ,,BACK.''

The cheers silence. The pounding fists fall. The extended rods contract.

The crowd is quiet. The stare.

Kirra stares at William. ''William, remember Myst. Remember Reighn?''

William's guantlet hand grabs dagger, and William steps toward Kirra like a zombie. His muscles tnese to hold the joints to move.

Some one boos.

The boo fills the sphere and fills William with rage. 

,,FIGHT!,'' shouts one. Click and clacks snap through the crowd.

Williams face becomes red and shakes. ,,BBBBBBBBBBBEAST!'' he shouts. He swipes dagger.

Kira steps away from swing.

Spear pushes Kirra and leaps at William.

Kirra stumbles back. 

William raise shield and bashes Spear paws away. The tension flows to rage. ,,NO!'' His mind flows through the rage and sight.

,,SPEAR. WILLIAM.'' shout Kirra. 

Kirra leaps between Spear and William. She pushes against William's shield and Spear chest. She ducks William's dagger.

William steps back, raise shield. He pulls a dagger for sheath. ,,BACK. I...'' His hand shackes. His guantlet punches at Spear.

Spear snaps at Wililam's gauntlet and bites the knuckles. 

Kirra shoves william back.

William shouts wordless. Tenseion freezed neck and spine as he stumbles to a stoic stand. Pain pushes pressure from head. ,,GET OUT!''

A few bundles of brown root slap the slide of the globe. The isle clear. People sit, drink and talk.

William's pain weights head and blurrs sights. William tastes blood as he falls to ground. 

Love's purr shakes through William

Kirra presses shoulder against Spear. Her feet slide over the glass.

The glass sphere shifts and rolls.

William's tnese legs buckle and bend. William's head smackes the sphere. 

Spear stands and squeaks at Kirra. His paws slash at William.

William's head shocks and flashes. 

Love purrs and mental voice sooths the tension. >|Kill the beast and be with me.< 

William feels the purr and hears the mental voice as a low bass vibrates his brain and body.

William's arm push from ground then tense and fall.

The low bass vibrates away the tensions. 

>|Kill,< sees Love.

William slits his throat. He stands and bleeds. He hears a low moan like a troll death moan.

Kirra drops dagger and lungs with arms out.

William steps and falls back. His guantlet grabs thorught.

A troll death moan vibrates the mind as he falls and hits platform.

The platform lowers.

William lays and bleeds.

Kirra leaps down to the platform. She pulls white sheet sash from waist and wraps around William's neck.

Into the darkness and from hte darkness, they appear as the platform goes down.

The platform stops, and soldiers grab Kirra. 

Kirra pulls from the grasp and grabs a her pouch.

Three shadow soldiers grabs Kirra.

A bang and buzz shakes Kirra as Love's voice shouts, >|STOP!<

The platform lowers into the darknesss as Kirra is pulled away.

William hears the troll moan. He holds guantlet over throat and falls

Guile whispers to William's hear. ,,You listen to the moan.''

William hears the moan fade. William dies.


