>Myst has been sold to the gnomes for her song,< see Love to William's mind.

William feels the stare of Reighn sting. He cougs, sweates, breathes pain. ,,Myst...'' He says. His shoulders slump and head falls. ''Where are you?'' He pull dead gladiator body along the hall.Kirra and Spear sit on stand. Their feet rest on the bodies of an id and goblin gladiators.

William steps into hall and Spear and Kirra stare.

Love's voice says to their mind, >You need to strip you warriors and leave the bodies.<

Spear and Kirra look at William.

Love's mental voice flows from soothing to strict. >You pick have until the end of next fight.<

A sharp pain strikes through mind.William and Spear wince. 

Kirra pulls on the dead hugoblin's body.

,,How many fights to freedom?'' says William. ''How do we leave this place without being chased or sold?''

Love sees, >You need to fight thirteen fights in the ring with a big crowd and bets. You need to accept you are gladiators. You need to wake, eat, train and heal. You need to fight evrery four lights. You need to focus on fight. The fight will be the change. the fight will change. The fighters you will fight will fight in ways seen through the lands beoynd the great mountains, the jungle canyons or the Ocean Sea to the Rise.> Love's mind voice sooths and calms. >You must forget about Myst if you want to live. You must forget about the past if you want to live. There is no future in the past. You have the now. Now you need to get your armor and return to your nest.<

Spear pulls the bracers, three bucklers, a short sword and a pouch.

Kirra grabs the flail, buckler shield, spiked glove, studded leather armor. She leaves paths and pulls the coif from head of the hugoblin.

William pulls shirt of bronze slats, unhooks the chain shirt and bundles together all with the broke using the trident. William talks while pulling off the armor. ,,You sound as if you talked to John the Goblinkin. You...'' William stares. ''You...You...You... Why didn't they kill me for the guantlet? Why didn't they kill me after stabbing on in the arm?'' William steps a lick away from Love. He peers down. ''Why am I alive.''

Love steps along the hall wearing tight leathe body suit with shining studs along her curves. She stares. She sighs. >|You...You are nothing more than entertainment. Your past friend, Myst, has the value already sold to sing with the gnomes of Tune.<

William fusses with a lock and says, ,,If you harm Myst you-'' Soft plucks guitar cords scale play from the drums and sooth throat vibrations. 

The song of Reighn fades from William's mind leaving only soft plucks of guitar cords along the scale.

Love's loud mental laugh quiets Williams guitar strings. >Myst needed to be sold if she was ever to remain safe from harm by the warriors.< She stesp by William. She leans and looks at his back.

William looks at Love. Her breast are near his face.

Love touches his back.

The sting around the carved inverted star of Reighn numbs and cools and tickles, and hte guitar strings sound like a whisper.

Love lifts hand and brests and look through olive eyes at william.

William stares.

>Gather objects. And don't think,< she says.

William stares at Love.

Loves's slender hour glass only a head height short to William stops time. The light black leather gives to her bossom and butt. The leather ties loosen from breasts to neck and around firm shoulders. Tone neck and deep green skin give light balance.

Love sees to all. >Spear lives because Spear has learned instinct is best survival.<

The cut inverted stare of Reighn begins to sting. Guitar strings strike and pluck and cords and play like fingers strumming the strings and hands free of neck.

>The sting will go away.< love smiles and winks at William. >|YOu will see.<

The cheer of the crowd raises through tunnel. 

William looks at loves hips and thighs wide and firm.

Spear and Kirra glance while gathering and bundling armor and a few rings and necklaces. Spear grabs a pouch.

Wililam puls and tugs and dismantles the small chain amil, a beltle. Racers and a helf. The short sword and sharp. The small shield for the warrior is a buckler for William. 

>Go,< sees Love to all.

Spear steps from body toward Love. 

Kirra looks at body crorws and hall. She sees a trap door at end of hall.

Three guards begin to walk hall toward Kirra and the bodies.

>Move,< sees Love to all. Only Kirra feel a slight twitch of a nerve along her spine.

William stands as Spear walks by using hand and feet to move to ward Love.  ,,What of the bodies?''

>They are feed for the beast,< says Love as her body steps back then flow to pivot to stride foward.

William steps behind Spear as they walk to Love.

Kirra glances back at the guards and follows Spear and William.

The walk halls, through people.

They hold the swords, shields, cloths, and pouches.

People look at them and part.

William watches people stare at love with lust glazed stares and long looks along her curves and around her-

William drops a pouchs, bends to pick it up.

Spit hits Wiliam's face.

William grabs sack and holds gear and head butts a hogoblin wearing white sheet on the lease of a hugoblin wearing tassled straps around his lumpy body..

The people rush and bind a crowd around William and the chaine hobgoblin wearing white sheet.

The white sheet steps back.

Fat master pulls the leashes slack and snap the whitesheet  back.

>You pause,< sees Love to William's mind.

The crowd become people walking and moving. 

Love leads and Spear, William and Kirra follow.

Spear feels the rage, sorrow and fear of thepeople of Willam and Kirra. Spear feels the lust of Love for William and feels rage for William. Spear watches Love walk and stride her long legs and lushish butts stricke foirm with stride.

William watches to with glances with peers around the people and the area. Wiliam sees wood lnates held to wall with pars over the glass doors to places full of smoke and light. The ground is solid to stand on. The people looks and glance and step from their path as the follow Love.

Love who walks with sway this way, that way, this way leading William away.

Kirra watches Love direct from a grand hall with a tall wall to an open building area.

The cool become warm. A soft breeze blows.

Glass owers of builidings rise to a light like the stone buildings in the caves of dwarven were.

Rooms, halls and balconies of glass rise and show people sitting, standing, sleeping. 

People of goblinsking, humanking, orckin and orgreking...Elfkin, halfingkin, idkin walking, standing and sitting. The people walk through the warm. Cloack and robes sway. Pants and pantalods swish. Togas and sashes hang. Armor and belts are strapped. People look and watch. 

Warriors wearing red leather with bronze studs and black chainmail covered by a pink sash step from a black box as big as an out house. The four square of soldiers follow Love.

Kirra watches the soldiers spread around The pack. Two walk to Wane. Two walk to Wax. The soldiers march and glance at the pack and Love. Their look lingers at Love.

Love leads Spear then William and the guards through the glass buildings that tower to bright light. Love lead from the sheer endge wall that makes a massive cube of space. 

An open square of space like the large bizzar spans. Pavvillion, tents and rows of lean-tos create a maze of rows. Sheets and tables hold knives to cubs to wool blanket. Smoke swirls with a breeze. It pillows and puffs. It goes up and around and the smoke flows around love and wraps around as she steps into a cloth hall to a sheet walled pavillion.

Spear and William watch the smoke cover Love.

William blows and steps and feel the smoke curve around Love. William steps thorugh dark to lamp light in a pavlillion with quilts and rigs on floor and hanging from rods around a large table in the middle of hte room. William hears the the guitar string struck.

Kirra smells the rose peddles and mirr fume a cloud. The people around the pavillion look and stand. 

The soldiers walk a march. The begin to spread to the Wan and Eax looking at the pipes, tubes, shields, and stitch along the path.

Kirra steps from the path an into the cloth hall into the pavillion through the torch smoke.

The ground is covered with furs.

Through the hall and stepping from the cornor, they enter the large open pavillion with a long table from one end to the other end of the pavillion.

Behind the table Torch burn from  poles with circle bases. The torches poles rise from stands behind a table around tables.

Tables of armor and weapons rise span behind the table.

Four men, a hugobolns, human and two dwarves stand behind table and inspect armor.

Before the table, four lines of people stands and hold bundles and pieces of amor and weapons.

The carpet rug ends.

Kirra looks down.

Glass floor spans through the pavillius.

Sihlouettes move on the other side of the glass floor. Eyes appear to relfect from the fires torche lighitng the inside of the pavillion. A shade follows each of the pack.

Love walks to a line three people deep and leading to a a dwarf.

The dwarf sits on a chair with releifes of swords and shields carved along the large arms and back. The chairs back rest spans taller than Spear spread small reliefs of swords, bracers, shields of shapes for being never seen. The dwars beard flows over the arm chairs. His balled head reflects the torche light. He lowers heard and peers at a chain shirt pushing part the chainmess.

Kirra looks at Love.

Love step forward.Spear and William step behind Love and peer at the lines of people holding armor.

A few people glance over. A few people stare at Love's curves.

William sees a stare and peers rage.

The short fat man holding a great helm quickly looks way from Love's body.

A few people mumble.

One coughs.

All stands.

The dward sitting in chair behind table lifts a glass square and mummble some thing in common.

Kirra hears, ,,Five, six, eight,'' be spoke by the dwarf.

Then Love's voice see to all soothing in mind like the firm cuves of Love. >Ghhriud will buy armor and weapons he wants. His prices is fair for hte range of what he is willing to buy. The other sellers of this guild are looking for unique and antique armor. Ghhriud wishes to purchase gladiator armor in sets to then resale to store owneres from the other side of the desert. Gladiator armor is collectable. Ghhriud is as honest as any buy. You know armor and wearpon, you will find a deal. Ghhriud will trade. you will earn credit from the saile if no trade is made.<

Ghhriud knocks rock ontop of the wooden table as a long haired elf wearing silkd shirt and pants strides with empyt back and small sack.

The line mores.

Kirra stesp and watches a sihlouette through the glass floor move with her.

Spear and William step with love and flex musccle and stares. They stand near her shoulder feeling her arua sooth over their chests and nimbles and almost tickle their muscles.

Ghhruid lifts a breast plate with flowss addronig the edge. He looks at the long black haired human whose tan skin blends with her hide armor.

Ghhruid points to hiw Wane. Kirra hears Ghhruid says, ,,That line.'' The woman grabs brest plate and puts helt on jewled hilt of rapier. She nods head and steps and strides to other line.

Ghhruid look-up from table. ,,What do you he have?'' He looks at Love. He smile. ''My love.''

Spear and William look at Ghhruid and exhale a sneer.

Two piece of Amor clash as a human smith behind the table toses a shield on a pile of small shields.

The suond in William's mind strikes a flat guitar string cord that reverbs and itches the soothing sense of Love over his flesh.

William relaxes muscles and steps.

>Place all you weapons and armor on the table,< sses Love.Spear tosses the bracers, three bucklers, a short sword on table. Kirra tosses the flail, buckler shield, spiked glove, studded leather armor. She leaves paths and pulls the coif from head of the hugoblin. William tosses the trident, halfling bread and chest plate with a helm.

Ghhruid shifts and lifts each piece of armor and weapons. He huffs and hums and peers at the trident and halfing armor. He looks at Love. ,,Five, Six. Eight, Zero.''

Love's  nods and pulls a square glass piece the size of a thump nail. She give it to Ghhruid.

Ghhruid pulls a similar clear cube from pocket and touch the two. He nods and hold's the cube before Love.

William watches and peers through the piles of weapons and aromr. He says, ,,A weapon and amror.''

Ghhriud looks at William. ,,And what would you look for my warror fired.'' His gruff voice grumbles above the mumur of the people linkes and clink of armor.

William looks over hte iles. ,,Warhammar, hide pants, shirt, chanin shirt.'' He grabs the steel shield once held by the halfling that feels light as wood. ''I keep.''

And with the guitar strikes will Speakes. He thinks to talk bu hears a song of slow string strikes and sees Loves looks and glances at hime. Again he feels the sooth of her arua touch.

Ghhruid nods and grabs a warhammar and a roll of hide then pulls a chain shirt from a pile. he tosses all in a pile nest to the other. ,,Even.''

Love looks at Spar and Kirra. Love sees, >Even for Wiliam's weapon, the tax and my percent for your win if you buy these items for William<

Spear shrugs shoulders and nod hears back. Kirra says, ,,Yes,'' sand steps from line. Spear follows Kirra.

William grabs the bundles and looks at Love.

Love stares and looks at Ghhurid.

Ghhruid nods to Love.

Love grabs her clear crytal cube and walks past Kirra out the pavillon into the baazar between the tall building walls spanning to bright lights.

Spear follows Love looking at any who step near.

Kirra walks near William as William walks and look at the crows and all around. He holds his bundle and hears guitar strinkgs discord against the sounds of chatter and clicking that spreads through the crowds of people spread around.

William stares to the light and hears the Myst's humming his mind making his skin itch then cool where Love''s arua touches. 

Kirra sees the four soldiers once following  walk from looking at wears and stance to walk to the Wax and Wane of Love.

Love sees to all, >We go to Spear's Nest. You will be served food and heal then train for you next fights.< She leads thought glalls pillars and blocks and buildings that rise to the light.

People wearing white and light grays walk, stroll stand into and from the glass buildings and over the glass floor with bear feet.

Kirra see goblin looking creatures, no taller then her ankle, crawl over glass with big wide mouths and thick lips lick over glass.

The pack of big mouthed goblins sucks and licks glass in a straight path.

People walk around the packs of big mouth goblins and step over the big-mouthed goblins.

People walk around Love, Spear, Willima and Kirra.

Spear and William walk behind Love.

William grasps his guantlet and says, >|How many fights to buy freedom?<

Love glances at William.

William feels warm flow through his body as Spear feel rage burn through his.

Love looks forward. Her hips sway. She sees as she steps toward a sheer, tall glass wall. >|You will fight every seven lights. If you do not fight then you lose money. If you lose money then you remain a gladiator.<

Kirra says loud, ,,How many?''

>|You need not speak to me for you only need think as I read your thoughts,< says Love. Love glances pack at Kirra.

Kirra peers at Love then sneers feel a chills and casting the cold. ,,How many?''

Love looks away. >|You will always be gladiators, but you can be free gladiators after thirteen fights. If you spend or injure, you fight more.''

,,Thirteen,'' says Kirra.

Spear and William follow love into a hall into the sheer wall.

The guards stand and look at each other then steps away walking to the-black-box-where-they-come.

Love leads the pack into a hall then stairs then down the stairs.

Two huge harry human gladiator stand at corner of hall and watch william enter the nest. The look at William.

William burns with rage and grips war hammar.

An elf hearing the bracers of William of the id Gladiator wears them around ankles.

Love leads the pack to Spear's nest. She stands next to cloth door and spreading nest of fabric, stick, hair nests of Spear.

Spear walks on all fours into the nest.

William follows. He heas a not of throat vibrations. He glences the glove and hums. He thinks, <Myst.>

Then Love sees soothing words to all. >|You beautiful warriors will live where you may sleep.<

William stesp into room.

Golden lights bright the room.

Spear wedgees rubies and gems into the nest around the floor.

Kirra stesp and stands by door and near Love. She looks at Love then stares at the cloth door to the nest.

Love sess to all. >|We fight for money. We use the money to get what we want. Everything has a prices.< Love smiles at Kirra and steps into Spear's nest.

William thinks. <Where?>

>|Home,< sees Love. He soothing sense of voice flows with her curves that sway at William.

William watches her walk the short hall to the nest as he wedges hand between hairs and fur pushing dagger deep.

>|And if you want to live don't think.< sees Love. Her mental words feel to purr.

William sits. He pulls hand from nest and looks at love.Kirra sess love's path. She says, ,,Where's Myst?''

,,Myst,'' says William. He blinks. ''Where is Myst?''

Love walks to William and steps before him. She looks down with eyes guiding William's sight over her body. >|Myst is singing with Reighn with the Clerics of Tune. They have bought her freed from this place where thought is best not defenceless.< Love puts her hand on William's back.

The sting from blood cools.

Love croches and lets the fumes of flowers bloom around as he cold hand cool the pain and sting over William's back. >|The clerics of Tune sing through the tubes to sooth during the night. Myst is in a place that will keep her safe until she has earned her way or you have paid for it.< She lowers chest and lips to hears. Her bossom warms William's back. >|She is free to leave or wait or sing for her life if she wishes to be singing.<

,,Lies,'' says Kirra.

Love rubs her hands up Wllliam's back to Willliam's shoulder's and rubs.

William's shoulders relax and slack and loosen.

Spear nestles into nest, kicks a few fibers, licks wounds and bowl of mint smelling gew in a silver bowl. 

>|Lies,< sooths the thought of Love, >|It is the truth.< Love lower close to William. Her bossom warms William's back. Her eyes stare cold at Kirra.

Kirra stands.

>|You will see for it is all you will be as you fight for me,< sees Love. Love rubs William's naked back then naked body letting her fingers fall between the muscles tense over Williams sweaty body.

Kirra steps before William and looks down. ,,What of Myst?''

William sways from the feelings of flush warmth. Eyes stare at Kirra. ,,Myst,'' he says. 

Love's thought speaks to William and causes pause. >No thought, William. No thought. No thoughts,< she sees as she rubs hangs over chest holding William in her bossom.

William stares at Kirra, closes eyes. Jaw slacks open.

Love looks at Kirra and grins, >|Hear the song William and let go through the rage. Feel, us.<

Kirra peers and steps, she raises hand.

A few shadows shift, and an outline of a tall human form from the shadow caste over the nest from Spear.

Kirra grabs her knife, but doesn't raise. ,,The shadows move.'' Kirra steps back, pivots and leaves the nest to sit by the door at the end of the nest.

Wllliam's body tenses.

Love's hand rubs William's chest. She blows warm over his neck. >|Let her leave the nest.< 

Spear watchs Love rise from William lettting her fingers tickle to the top of Wiliam's head. >|I will awaken you,< she sees to William and Spear.

Spear lays head on the nest. 

William feels the glow and Kirra leave.

Love leaves a purr vibrating through the hall. She walks past Kirra and doesn't look back.

Kirra feels body pump pain from face and shoulder. Her blood dries.

The lights and globes  dims to dark.

A hum sounds from walls and flows over William's body and into their minds to plays a song of soothing vibrations.


