Sun, freeze, shouts, commands, marching, silence, calls relayed shakes and pounds through Dante's, William's, Kirra's, Minst's heads and bodies. They shiver and shake.
 
Myst wakes with a trumpet song of Dante flowing through her with pleasure and a high note to lift the low song of her dreams.
 
The song plays to the music of the shouts and calls creating loud lyrics and quick raps. 

Jan stares and stands and feels the dread of the song played from Dante's trumpet. She feels the death of the grass under feet and tent. She smells the rot of trees limbs, trunks and leaves. She tastes the dead flesh floating from the smoke stained on Myst's cloths.

Myst wakes. 

Minst feels Mysts firm body press and spread warmth over chest and legs. He feels Mysts hands grab his hands and weave them with her fingers the pull hand to warp his arms around her body. Minst feels her heart beat and chest breath and thighs press...

,,Minst,'' says Myst as she fling wook blanket from body and steps to ground. ''Where's William?''

William lays on mud covered canvas spooning Spear and shivering. He tries to cover head with arms to block the bright from above and the cold wind all around. He rolls to back.

Spear shivers and muscles tense. ,,What,'' scratches throug throat. His stuck eye lids open with a pull. 

Spear's broadsword, pick and hammar lay scattered around a bench near his back.

Kirra lays on the bench like she is sleeping on a bench. One eye opens and the other is shut. Face feel numb when still and shiftsa nd grind with pain when head is lifted, neck twisted or body moved. The taste and smell of stale mead coats skin and mouth. 

Jan feels Kirra's pain, the death of a distant racoon, the fading of plants dying from broken steams as the solderies march through the trees and brush.

The soldiers march in packs along the ediges of the clearing of the river wash. 

The sun shines bright between shadows caste by trees and the curve and the canyon walls. The beams warm the rocks and the tree tips. Ice sickles drip dops and break with gusts of cold wind. 

The wind presses agains the tent and pavillion walls.

A soldier opens flaps and looks into the tent and pavillion. Both say at the same time, ,,There has been contant with Blue. We are taking down the tents. We will return once other tents are removed. 

Through the flaps all see soldiers marching past and other pulling stakes, winding twine and lowering the staves and cloth.

The wind blows a chill over Jan, Myst and Minst.

,,What happened?'' says Minst feeling a fuzzy of warm over and through the places where she pressed against him. ''I feel calm. I can't remember leaving the rock.'' He looks from Myst and to top of the tent. ''How are you, Jan?''

Jan smells the decay of Minst and the rot of plants in the mud over minst. She sees only the age and death over the skin and expressions of Myst and MInst. ,,I feel awake. Rested.''

,,Where's William and Spear.'' Minst sits up. ''Kirra.'' He poinst to the pack and the fletching gear. ''Are those not Kirra's?''

,,Yes,'' says Myst quick and she rubs arms and stomp feet then picks up cloak and pulls apart the fronzen folds. 

Dante's trumpet sings a morning songs. The notes float and warm. 

,,What should we do,'' says Minst sitting up on cot.

Myst grabs her pack, says, ,,Take what's yours and leave the rest. William can find is items and toys.'' She steps from the tent and squint against the day and sees her way to the light, the open field and Dante standing near the center playing horn. 

The soldiers step and look through branch and brush. A few soldiers lift rolled black bundles. Other soldiers point and talk about things on the ground. Other's take down tents.

The tents fall and fold. Poles are stacked and the cloth roled. Only a large pavillion and the tent Myst stepped from stand.

Myst looks at the pavillion then follows the sounds of Dante's trumpet.

Inside the pavillion, William and Spear gather weapons, bags. William grabs his pocket and feels the folded rob then feels the cold, so he put on hide coat and pants. Spear rubs arms and shivers. He grabs a mug and walks to a few kegs still standing. He pulls on all taps receiving no beer. ,,Kirra,'' says Spear. ''YOu mug. I need beer. Feel better.''

The far side of the tent were the table of food once rested falls.

Three soldiers walk into the pavillion.

Kirra mumbles with fat lip, ,,Yes.'' She sits and stand and grabs mug from ground. ''<MAGICWORD>''

Her head sways side to side like in water in a raging sea. The sound of lighting crack as feels her chee and jaw. Her pulsing first beats with heart. Her feet drap then walk to the flapping door.

Spear and William follow kirra out.

,,What happened last night?'' says William.

,,We drank too much,'' says Spear.

,,Before, when you came to me while I was full of rage and after Myst left,'' says William.

,,You drank too much,'' says Spear. He hold sword and hammer and pick in a bundle.

Two soldiers run into tent to to grab two posts falling with wall. 

,,I did drink more than my body and mind should, but there is no denying myself the truth of witnessing you to come help me fine sanity while I had been insane,'' says William squinting agains the light  between the blowing door flaps.

,,Insane,'' says Spear.

,,I was punching a post.''

Spear nods. ,,My mind may be fogged with ale.'' He looks from the tent exit and says, ,,Why were you in a rage?''

William watch Kirra steps out.

Kirra steps to the sun and looks along the tree line and the soldiers. She walks to the rushing river and dives into the water then breaks the surface.

Kirra's holler echoes through canyon. 

Jan hears Kirra. She kneels and gather's Kirra's fletiching kit, bags, bundles and fruit  into Kirra's back pack. The she walks from the tent carry Kirra' pack toward Kirra.

Minst watches Jan and stands feeling a glow and feeling a pull from Myst as she walks from the tent. The pull pushes Minst to see through the slight pain and ache with each movement of mucsle as he gathers his bag, dagger, sling and spell book. He unscrews the base of knife scabbard  and says, ,,Where are the scrolls. The scrolls,'' then runs off shoving sling into bag and bag over her shoulder stepping to the pull toward Myst.

The tents fall almost at once then are pulled and rulled and stacked by the river near the poles.

Soldiers march to the trumpet of Dante.

Fineal cries above Kirra and circles.

Kirra submerges in the cold and letst the river flow around her and guide the pain to numb.

Jan drops packs and robe from shoulders and dives in to the cold flowing river.

Flakes of ice float and coat and burn.

Cold breeze blows.

Sun rises.

Spear shivers.

Wiliam lifts his mud froze hide coat. His teeth chatter. 

Spear takes the hide coat, knife and cuts.

William stares and Myst and folds arms, stomps feet upon the rock and sediment.

Myst walks to Dante and stands near as he plays notes to guide the soldiers march.

Soldiers cary black rolled bundles and dark bags.

Myst and Dante smile and play a song.

Fineal dives toward Kirra.

Kirra and Jan swim together and float. They embrace and warm. 

The cold numbs Jan feeling of Kirra's body living and dying and aging with the fish, the snakes, the trees, the world.

Fineal swoops over river and snaps a fish from the river and rises with it above the trees the canyon to the clouds.

They splash.

Spear glances back at Kirra and Jan. He shivers. Cold spreads through body and feet are a light blue. Tips of toes feel like shattered ice.

,,You need shoes,'' says William trying to wink through the throb and pump of head and squint of eyes. He smiles and walks.

Spear wraps feet and ties rope around hide. ,,I have shoes.'' He puts knife in sheath. ''You have no cover.''

Williams thin leather armor padding stuck against William's skin pulls free. ,,We need to move.''

Spear and William walk toward Myst, ,,What happened last night?'' says Spear.

He sees Myst stand by Dante and beat her drums.

The drum thumps spread and pound William's mind.

The soldiers step to the pace of Myst's drums.

The wind blows with Dante's blow of horn. The wind blows ambers from fire pits and smoke from sky.

,,We found an empty tent,'' says William. ''We were feeling the other and removing anything that was pressing between.''

They walk with the gusts and blows and over the open field.

Hair flutters over face. ,,Myst wanted to remove the guantlet.'' He holds it up. ''I tried, but it's fastened to my flesh like a god welded it.''

Spear looks at William and grabs glove. He pulls.

William arm pulls, body stops and shoulders lean. He feels the arm near feel to pop from socket. He feels the glove pull with the arm.

Spear let go. William stumbles, slips and falls.

Soldiers walk past and look at William holding drift wood.

Kirra and Jan splash from water and walk to shore laughing with a shiver. Kirra feels cold but dry under the cloth found in the dragon's cave. Her studded leather drips and begins to freeze.

,,Fire,'' says Kirra.

,,Then we leave.'' Jan says.

,,Yes.'' Kirra smiles and grabs pack and frozen hide coat and pants. He head throbs as she bends over. Her swollen numb face blurs right sight when peering at Spear pulling William's guantlet.

,,It's cursed,'' says Spear. 

William clenches fist. ,,THE GODS!'' He opens palm of guantlet and punch bare knuckle fist into steel gauntlet

The guantlet sting and ring bare hand and tickle the guantlet.

Spear and William stare.

Kirra and Jan look to William while dressing.

Soldiers standing by fire and staring at bundle stare at William.

Dante lowers trumpet.

The clouds begin to cover.

Shadows caste and cover.

Myst's pounds drums then rolls to a silence.

A fire pops and ember blow through the air.

,,Is he of the right mind?'' says Dante. ''I find his mood that of a crazed thief addicted 

,,The gauntlet,'' says Myst.

,,I SEE THE FALLEN HAVE RISEN!'' hollers Dante. ''COME STAND AND SING THE MORNING.''

The trumpet sonus and drums echoes with the holler of Dante.

,,I am beginning to abor Dante,'' says William from their distant stand.

Spear lets go of gauntlet, laughs and slaps William on the back as the step to Myst and Dante.

The trumpet and drum echos to silence.

Cold seeps deep into body. A pumping pain in William's head thumps again. Kirra's numb face flushes and swelles.

They walk toward Minst.

Minst stand and checks components and walks glancing and walking from William and Spear to  Myst and dance. He looks at his hands dirty hands and mud smashed armor. ,,Salve.'' He looks back to river and to Jan and Kirra.

Kirr and Jan dress and walk to William and Spear. William and Spear walk to Minst and they walk with the silence to stand by Myst and Dante. Before things become silent, Dante lifts trumpet to lips and blows a low then high note that fades. He lowers trumpet and wipes the end of trumpet with gleaming white sash. ,,Good morning. I see the dimamond shines on all though the clouds above.'' Dante smiles wide the looks to the clouds. ''It does seem there is a dim. Maybe a now?''

Minst looks to the clouds. ,,The clouds are too high.'' He shifts bag and touches spine of spell book, says, ,,Has anyone seen the scrolls?''

,,Kirra, what happened?'' syas Myst.

,,I fought,'' says Kirra.

,,if you want to wait for the Hidden Pavillion to return then you will see Wilber has fared 
as bad as you,'' says Dante. 

A whistle then a low tone sound from the trees. Dante raises one hand and turns to face the tree line.

,,The scrolls?'' says Myst.

,,I have the scroll.'' Myst pulls scrolls from her hide coat. 

,,Thanks,'' Minst unfolds the scrolls and peers at lines.

Lines appear from the wind and shapes appear from atop the trees, trunch and soldiers walking past. He stares and reads and feels the pull...

,,Minst!'' says Spear as Spear slaps Minst's back.

The colors snap and spread around Spear.

''Where's the disk?'' Spear laughs as chuckle.

Minst looks at William.

William tries to make eye contact with Myst. Myst looks away then at Myst.

Dante says peering into the trees and the shadows. ,,Don has you disk and bag.'' He sighs. ''The tent will be appearing soon.'' He looks at the pack. ''Breakfast then...'' He smiles then lets it fade. He visors hand agains the rising sun. ''Then many cycles of canyon living.''

,,What are the dark blundles?'' says Minst. He peers into the shadows at a distant pile of dark bundles and sacks stacking as soldiers pass and toss.

,,Food,'' says Dante. He looks at Minst. ''Food and a strong clothings. Shirts, pants, wraps, masks created with a tight weave the can stop the sharpes of our blades.''

The large pavillion shimmers into view a stone's throw from the pack.

,,The pavillion,'' says Minst.

Myst feels William's glances and stare and looks at Dante. ,,Be there time to say good bye to Don?''

Dante stares along the first line and peers at a soldier and a flash of light.

The light flashes in short and long pulses. 

Wind gust push campfire smoke and the smell of vegetables and roasted nuts.

The flashes of light stop.

Dante says and looks at Myst. ,,Yes. It would please Don to have you time to say good journey.'' Dante looks at the first and stares at another soldier flashing light. ''And Don still has the disk.''

Minst glance at William and Spear and Myst.

Myst smiles and winks at Minst.

Minst feels love and sex from Myst. He stares then blinks and says. ,,Are you reading Flashing?''

Dante toward the tent looking at the flashing lights. ,,Yes.''

Spear slaps Minst shoulders and pulls both to a walk following Myst and Dante. ,,Question man has return!''

William stares Myst and clenches fist.

Spear steps between William and Myst.

Kirra and Jan hold hands. Jan shuffles hands through pack hanging from shoulers. She grabs a fist sized bundle wrapped with a chest sized leaf then hold the bundle on palm before Kirra.

Kirra lifts empty hand and pushes finger thorugh bundle and pulls out her finger tips covered with a green cream. She spreads the cream over the red and purple part of skin by following the  pulse of pain to the edge with finger tips.

The dull pain fades.

As Minst says, ,,How many bundles of cloths have been found? Sixty-three."

They steps and slips, catch body with feet, shuffle and step over the ice cold round rocks and crunchy sediment.

,,Yes, fifty-seven,'' says Dante. ''Now thirteen sack of berries, nuts, roots have been found along the parameter.'' Dante looks at Minst as Minst opens mouth. ''When did you learn Diamond Dialect?''

,,I learned it as an apprentice. We called it Flahsing,'' says Minst.

,,It is true Diamond Dialect derived from Flashing or Lexin's Flash Talk.''

Minst smiles and nods.

The guantlet relaxes fist as William smiles.

The wind gusts, and snow sprays faces, ands and arms.

Spear feels the deep chill of the wind through chest.

All smell pots of stew.

Spear follows the origin of the gust.

A appear from a tent hung along the forest edge and covered with branches and snow.

,,The tent is hidden in a natural illusion,'' says Spear.

William says, ,,While you were beyind you own mind last night, Spear become a mage and began to ask the questions and give answers.''

Kirra smiles and feels dull pain spread. The salve cools as Jan wraps the salve in the bundle and puts the bundle in pack. The cold wind calm the pain of Kirra's face as she looks foward.

Kids run from tent and chase a kid then kids then another kid.

Parent of human and halfing walk from ten. They shield eyes and some cough. Other's stand by exit and look to ground. All focus and glance or look around while following the kids play.

A big black pot emerges from the hidden tent. Tree branches hang over rood and brush lay against the white cloths hung over branches and rope. The big black pot is carried through a door allowing the pot and two men to walk through.

Wilber holde in end of thd first big black pot to leave the tent.

Wilber's face is black and blue. A hand is wrapped and a patch hides an eyes.

Snow sprays all faces.

They stare and walk. Myst begins to tap on drum following the random flow of the children run as the beat.

Minst says, ,,How may Diamond warriors are in the canyon?''

Dante walks and grabs trumpet. He steps and walks.

The kids run away from the tent toward Dante and the pack.

Myst drums.

The parents step from their tight crowd around tent's exit and step after the kids following the kid's run with stares.

Minst looks at Dante.

Dante says, ,,Fifty-seven.'' He raise trumpet and  plays with the wind.

The kids run around Kirra and between Kirra and Jan. They run and duck under their hand then run away from Dante and the pack.

A parent shouts, ,,KELL!''

The lead child runs a circle and circle then lead the children run through the pack and Dante.

Myst drums with both hands.

Dante begins to hum as quiet as the wind.

Don steps from between the standing parents.

Fineal's cry echoes.

The kids run and look up. Some stop and stare at the sky other run past Don to parenst and through parents to three pots of food being carred to the pavillion tent.

Fineal echoes a cry and Don relpies.

The trumpet of Dante sings and plays loops and spins then twists with children laughter. He lowers the horn and follows the chase with winds. 

The wind does blow snow spray chilling skin and deepening the cold of Spear.

The drum of Myst rolls booms and thumps.

The hum of William rises and becomes notes of sonus of wind and flow playing with Dante's trumpet and Mysts beat until Myst slaps both hands on drum top.

The trumpet stops.

Myst says, ,,Don.''

William clenches guantlet fist then grabs the folded portal in pocket as his notes fall flat and play against the wind.

,,Myst,'' says Don. "Let me first thank you and all for what may be a new home for some and a safe place for our families to live." He looks to each of the pack. ''Had I something to give, I would give it." He lifts a disk shaped bag. "You may need this.''

,,Yes,'' says Minst. He takes the sack from Don. ''Thank you.''

,,Now don't forget the scroll.''

,,No,'' says Minst. He glances at Myst then see Fineal in sky. ''Thank you, Don.''

,,THANK YOU!'' Don looks at the kids and parents. ''A few more rises and sets and we may leave the plane for this world and clean the pavillion. 

William grabs the pocket with folded portlan. ,,I have your portal and your armor.''

,,Magic,'' says Spear as he rubs shoulders and tiny ice flakes from cold arms. 

,,You need cloths,'' says Myst as William pulls the folded portal from pocket.

William gives the folded portal in a wad to Dante.

Dante lowers horn, says thanks and tosses wad of folded portal.

The portal blows with the wind and floats to the ground then rolls and unrolls to a hole the size of a wagon. The edges of the Portal  flap in wind.

,,Your amror is inside, my friend,'' says Dante. 

William looks at the portal and steps.

Spear walks with him saying only to William, ,,Magic corrupts.''

William's guantlet glench with William's jaw. Jaw chews and he kneels at the dige of the portal. In his mind's eye, William sees his bundle of armor as he puts hand and feels his breat plate hit fingers. He grips and holds a rope the pulls out his armor.

,,How long did it take you to create the portal?'' says Minst as he stands
near Don.

,,Many suns and moons,'' says Don as he lifts an arm.

Fineal glides and perches on Don's arm. It's head and eyes look and scanning the planes.

A loud cheer erupts from the kids as the kid crowd run from the adults and toward Don.

Don looks to each of the pack, says, ,,I best be off.'' he pull robe tight with one hand. ''I would like to thank all of you for saving us for another day if not another season. If there is anything we can give then-''

,,Food,'' says Spear before Don finishes.

,,There is backs of food and bundles of cloths that appear to be armor,'' says Don. ''Grendle believes the food with his blessing be edible in its form. However, Grendle nor I are a root specialist.''

,,Kirra,'' says Myst. "She will know.''

Dante raises a diamond shaped prism and guids the sun to flash six times. Then creats a series of long and sort flashes with wrist while looking at Myst with a wink and a grin. ,,Not everyone understands direction of music.''

The light shine from the diamond prism, and the kids run to Don as he walks away with kids running to then surrounding and reaching for Fineal.

Two soldiers grab and carry bundles and bags of dark clad cloth from a stack near the edge of the forest.

,,Wait,'' says William. He lays his armor on the ground and runs along side the crowd of chattering kids. ''Don, I need to know about my guantlet.'' 

,,What,'' says Don.

,,MY GLOVE,'' say William, ''IT'S CURSED!''

The kids quiet and stare at William.

Soldiers walk past glance at William.

,,Cursed,'' Don cries a bird call. 

Fineal flaps and flies from arm and just above the kids. Fineal flies up and dives above the reach of kids as they run and rush in an area around the tent.

''Cursed,'' says Don. He grabs the gauntlet and peers at it. ''Cursed.'' He looks at Dante. ''It's has runes and magic traces I have never seen.'' He looks at glove. ''The power. It's more powerful than the tent  and portal.'' He lets glove fall. ''Everything powerful had a curse. Anger, rage, unable to remove. All curses of power.'' He shrugs. ''I am sorry. He looks at William. ''I have no books of lore to help.''

William's shoulders lower and he gazes down. ,,A curse from Reighn.''

Don says with a gustoes voice. ,,All curse have ways to countered or removed.''

Two soldiers carrying dark bundles and bags walk by William and Done to the pack and Dante.

Fineal flies and lands on Don's head.

Kids run around Don and grab his arms.

,,I MUST GO,'' winks Don. ''I will send Fineal if I read of you guantlet. Don snaps fingers and puff of smoke. Don appears by the cook tent, and the children run toward Don.

,,Still cursed,'' says Spear loud.

The two soldiers by Dante glance at William as Minst says, ,,Cursed.''

The two soldier stand before Dante. 

Dante says, ,,Report.''

A halfing soldiers says, ,,Six sets of cloths. Pants, long sleeve shirts. Masks, gloves and boots. There remain fifty-seven.''

,,Blue,'' says Jan. ''The armor for the new warriors.''

Minst grabs a set of black glad cloths and peers at the stich.

,,And we brough six sacks of food. I know not what or where they came from. No one has ate,'' says the other soldier.

Kirra looks at the bags. ,,Roots from mountain shurb. Seeds from a pine cone. A darkling root from a caves. Potatoes. Mealworms. dried beatles.'' She grabs a beatle, pops it into mouth, crunches. "Eat,'' she sayd starring at Dante.

,,Pleas take the sacks. It is a long journey to the edge,'' say Dante. ''And have the this cloth or leave it. I offer it to you for it appears we will be wearing our own armor if it be the will of Blue.''

,,Your armor can be heard and seen at the beginning of this canyon,'' says Kirra. She looks at the cloth with Minst.

Minst pulls and peer and picks and then pulls a knife from sheath. he tries to cut then book the matterial. ,,The weave.'' He glances up then looks aback at the cloth. ''It moves and pushes aside the blade.'' He looks close. ''What's this made?''

,,Do you want me to fold the portal,'' says William taking a sack and a bundle of cloths. He lifts rope to bundle of armor over shoulder.

,,No,'' says Dante. ''It may need to remain open for other armor. There shouldn't...''

Kids scream and shout and laugh as small sparks follow Fineal as he flies over the clearing.

''Maybe the portal best remain closed or some child will be screaming out of fear.'' Dant steps by William and begin folding the Portland. 

The halfling soldier pulls a pack from back and quivers. He sets them on the ground. ,,The arrows and quiver. A pack and some bedding. Water skins.''

,,Thank you,'' say Dante. ''Report to Grete. And spread the order to her to have the Diamond warriors to begin bring wearing this armor. Then have warriors bring their armor to me if they wish to store it.'' Dante looks back and nods.

The two soldiers nod, turn and walk away.

Dante looks off into the horizon. His blond har flutters in the cold breeze and over his blue eyes.

The sun lifts over the trees casting aways some shadows.

,,The journey never ends,'' says Dante. He grabs his trumpt and bows before the pack. ''Thank you.''

,,Thank you,'' says Myst. Myst hugs Dante.

willaim clenches jaw and feels the rage spread.

Dante steps back. ,,After you have defeated the goblins or found the end of you quest, please return for word of the world beyond the canyon will be welcome.'' Dante smiles. He steps, turns and walks away.

,,I will miss him,'' says Minst.

William clenches fists and nearly spits.

Spear grabs a bundle of cloths. ,,Are these one size fits all?''

,,They are,'' says Minst. He looks at Spear. ''They may be.''

Spear, Minst, Kirra, Jan, Myst and William look and fit the cothes. Ties and wraps pulls and tie the shape of the legs and arms. The weave expands and contracts fitting comfotable around spears muscles and wide and tall body and around kirra's skinny and tall frame. Pockets slide along legs, arms and jest.  The boots pull and spread over feet and curve over ground softening even the sharpest of points. The cloths when worn look like a ninja suit. Kirra, Spear, William and Myst pull and tie and strap the cloths to body.

,,Warm,'' says Spear.

,,Itchy,'' says William rubbing arms.

Jan puts her bundle of clothing on the ground.

Minst stuff his into his back. Then touches the spine of his spell book. He shuffles through components.

Myst puts on her cloak and grabs her star of Reighn feeling its warmth.

Then as if planned they all walk to the forest toward the canyon's end.

William steps near Myst and humms.

Spear steps between Myst and William.

Myst stops drumming and walks by Minst.

Minst feels a glow of love from Myst. He feeles the glow of life.

The clouds above cover the rising sun and hang low below the top of the canyon.

,,The cloths will be tested for warmth and cold,'' says Kirra.

,,Wait,'' says Minst. He stops at the edge of the forest and yells, ''HOW WILL WE KNOW WHAT TO ALTER?''

Don's voice says as if standing next to the group. ,,You will know what to alter.''


