,,A DUEL,'' hollers Dante.

Cheers and claps quiet the talk and guide the stares Kirra and Wibler.

Wilber swings bare fist at Kirra's face.

Kirra steps and bend feeling one knuckle of fist clip chins. She follows her bend and grabs Wibler's arm and pulls the pushes Wilber past then swings with her force to strike fist in the back of Wilber's head.

The crowd cheers.

Pain pulses through head and fist, but there is no pain.

Kirra kicks Wibler's butt.

Spear shouts, ,,KIRRRAAAAAAA!''

Wilber falls to ground and slide on hands and knees. Then he tucks and rolls and leaps from back to feet. He pulls off the other glove and steps close with fists  before face.

They stare. Feet shuffle.

Wibler leads with his right first then pulls in with lift fist.

Kirra steps left.

Fist hits Kirra's cheek. 

Kirra kicks left foot into Wibler's stomach as Wilber steps away.

Another of Wibler's fists hit Kirra's face. Then another.

The soldiers cheer, clap, raise cups and stand and lean to watch and see the swings and kicks.

Spear cheers with Kirra's punches and peers at the soldiers and cooks stepping near the fight.

Kirra steps back. Vision bounces and settles. Pain sways and settles with sight and swing of first. Kirra punches with right grazing chin then grabs Wibler's beard, pulls and guides head into back of Kirra's slamming forehead to Wibler's nose.

Fist full of hair pulls from Wibler. Nose snaps.

Wibler punches Kirra's forehead, ear shoulder.

Pain bursts from the punches through KIrra's ahead to body. Her feet wobble. She sways and lowers and blindly swing right fist hitting shoulder. Then spins and sees a glimps of Wilber's head as she spins on heel and spin kicks high the low sweeping Wilber from feet. She spins to a stand as  Wibler falls. She stumbles as Wibler hits.

The crowd goes silent as Wibler falls. They stare and he hits.

''KIRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRA!'' hollers Spear.

Kirra body pumps dull pain through numb bones and muscle.

Wibler hits ground with a groan then crawls and scampers on hands and knees with a roar.

Kirra kicks his head twice and steps and sways with head pain.

Wibler grabs her foot on third kick and lifts stands then leaps on Kirra bending her leg back to chest. He lands on top.

Blood drips from Wibler's nose to Kirra's face.

Kirra grabs Wilber's reaching hand with hers and pushes back on his lunger. She bends leg pushing Wilber up and off her body.

Wilber swings once hitting Kirra' breast before he is pushed off and back. He stumbles to a stand.

The crowd cheers and toasts. They push Wilber into the spreading space around the fight and the food.

Kirra kicks legs whipping back and body up to a stand as Wilber lunges forward, to Kirra, as the crowd cheers.

Kirra ducks.

Wilber swings over Kirra's. 

Kirra upper-cuts, and Wilber leans and stumbles back away from fist.

Kirra kicks hitting Wilbers eblow and side of chest.

A rib cracks. 

The sound of the crack causes a few to crinch.

It causes Wilber to holler than shout rage like a lions war as he grabs Kirra's leg and pulls.

Kirra hopes and tries to duck. 

Wilber's fist punches the top of Kirra's head. 

Kirra falls to butt.

Wilber's wrist breaks. He roars and tackles Kirra. 

Soldiers cheer. A few shout, ,,Kirra!.'' A cook cups hands and screams, ,,Rip the eyes out!''

Spear flexes and steps near the cooks and naer the entwinded Wilber and Kirra. He looks at Dante.

Dante and Spear Stare.

Dante peers at the fighting.

Wilber lays on top of Kirra and presses hands around her throat and chokes.

The cheering of the crowd lowers. 

Kirra reaches for Wilber's face.

Spear looks at Dante.

,,NO DEATH!'' hollers a roar from Dante.

Wilber chokes as Kirra's fingers find and press upon eyes.

Wilber screams. He shakes head stinking eyes and then biting Kirra's wrist. 

KIrra punches Wilber then jabs knee into groin over and over and over.

Wilber's hand loosen and shake. 

Blood, sweat and spit fly and hit a few.

''NO DEATH!'' hollers William stepping near Kirra and Wilber. He shouts. ''NO DEATH!'' He step quick back.

Kirra breaks Wilber's chock and wraps legs around Wilber's waist, twists and rolls punching Wilber's head.

Wilber bites and break's Kirra's skin and tastes her blood.

Kirra shouts and pushes, jams her wrist into Wilbers mouth and punches the side of his face seeing on a blurred head and blood overher face. Stings, thumps and spikes of pain push through her head and hand. She punches and punches and punches.

Wilber bites slams fists into Kirra's chest. Through teh fist hitting face, he pushes and loosens grip on wrist to roar and rolls and punch. Then he rolls free and rolls to the edge of the space leaving Kirra on back and breathing.

Kirra's body lays like it is hung from a cross.

The cheers quiet and the mugs lower. Soldiers lean and look at both Wilber and KIrra.

Kirra lays and stares at the top of the tent. Her head sways and overs and feels numb. 

Wilber rolls to chest and slowly stands. He stumbles and looks down at Kirra. He spits at his feet and stumbles away.

The soldiers part a path for Wilber to the tent flaps.

Kirra lays on back and smiles with blood covered face.



