The sun shines before the wind calms.

Sun shines over the flat sand plane. It shines under hoods. it shines through eye lids. It shines through the tarps and the thick weave of the Robe of Reighn.

The robe of reighn and tarps are pulled back as the sun rises and the wind becomes a breeze.

Guile pulls back his robe of Reighn to hear the faint hum of Myst, and the sun shines through his squinting eyes. He coughs free the soothing song of Reighn and hacks and hacks. He rolls to his knees and coulds and spits free sand. ''The light.'' He mumbles before the caughing begins.

The coughing shouts Spear from a light sleeps as her sits with his back against the cart. He feels first the sun spread a warmth through body. He feels the flat of the sand. He feels the dry of the land pulling energy from his body. His body clistens sweat and drips.

Along the planes clumps of mounds rises from the flat. Goblinkin, oxgobins and carts rest around sand covered tents. 

A few of the mounds seem to explode as people rise from sleep under the hot sun.

The hot sun upon William and William sleeps hearing Myst's song of Reighn.

The song sings like a wind lead by a guitar and drum. It sings deep inside William as William feels the Scare of Reighn on back itch and burn. The itch and burn feel to play away with the song as feels of pain, sex with Love and rage at Spear sing along and away from William's minds then fade from thought as William blinks against the sun.

Myst strikes her drum and finds her mind then body. Like a snap, she is awake. She hums to silence and says, ,,I have the divine help from Reighn, but still need to feed the intrument.''

Guile holds stomach, ,,Food.'' He crawls from under the tarp and cart and by Kirra.

Kirra, staring over the planes watching groups rise from the sands and hitch wagons; walk past; glance over at her and the pack. ,,We eat. We fix the cart. We move.''

She stands and stops the the wheel.

,,The wheel,' says William as he push to a stand and drags step to the broken wheel.

A fist size chip is missing from the edge of the wheel. And a crack spans from the chip to the wheel's center.

Willams puts hands on hips, sniffs. ,,I will get the wheell. It appears the pin through the axle.'' He steps to the wagon as Kirra stands, looks a wheel and looks ove
r the planes.

Sun's bottom touches the horizon to the rise. The horizon spans  horizontal line from the Rise, Wane, Set and Wax. From Rise, Wane, Set and was, flat desert land span
s. To the Rise, the trail travelled by the pack, shines a bright white light glowing from the ground.

From around the hard ground around the pack, people bundle tent stakes, roll sheets and tarps, toss handfuls of grain before oxgoblins, hitch wheels, eat.

Kirra inhales the cold crisp air. She smiles with exhale as the sun shines upon her face then faces the wheel.

Guile sneezes and wipes snot sand on robe sleeve. He stands and pulls off his robe and begins to kick at the hard crusted sand. He kicks and kicks kicking puffs of dust that are cought by the gentle breeze.

The dust and breeze over Myst as Myst hums through throat and chest warming her body and spreadiung that warmth to those around. The light shine through her song to her mind through her soul to Reighn. She sees the wagons wheel, the camps, the people the flat planes and Guile kick around the dust. Myst says, ,,The wheel will mend with my heat and song for our path brings through are silence.'' She steps.

William pulls and rolls the wheel to the side of the wagons, as Guile kicks at teh ground stepping from the cart one step, kick, two step, kick away, as Spear stretch arms and flexes and raises arms like cross letting the cold breeze blow over the sun lights shining on chest, as Kirra kneels by the tire staring at the crack, but only feeling the brisk breeze, the warm sun and the sky. William sets the wheel on hte side of the wagon.

And Myst steps by William. '''Rieghn will sing with Tume to give heat and hand to mend the wheel.''

William huffs a breath and nods. He squints and spits a bit of sand from lip. ,,If Reighn can find a song to mend this crack then let that song be sung.'' He stands.

Guile kicks at the sand and walks from the hards sand.

Kirra shouts, ,,Guile. We go?''

,,Loose sand,'' says Guile. ''I need loose sand.''

As Myst knees and grabs loose sand piled around the wheels and the piles of sand where the tarp lay, Kirra says, ,,Loose sand where the tarp was.''

,,Spear, William,'' says Myst, ''I need your might to to hold the wagon.''

William lifts and sets the wagon wheel on not of the wagon and hold both the sides of the wagons. His scare of Reign burns over back and pulses and vibrates with pain with Myst's hum. 

Spear holds the poles and stares at William.

Guile walks over the othe pilses over sand that hadn building up over night around the wagon, and he begins to kick the sand into a pile.

Myst grabs a fist of sand. Her hum in chest and throat flow to one raises and lowering vibrations like humming a tune. Then a whisltes sings through circled lips.

The whistle rings in Spear's ear, sings in William's mind, focuses Guile's thoughts, whistles to Kirra.

William hums with Myst, and the burning pain along his back sooths, the rage at seeing Spear stare at him, calm and blows away with the breeze.

With the breeze, Myst's song spreads. Her hand warms the burns. Hand rubs sand voer the crack of the wagon wheel and around the wheel edges. Her hand rubs against wheel.

The crack mends as hand rubs away the crack. The fist sized chip becomces a lump of sand.

Myst's hand rubs along the wheel edge with her lips blow whistle at the chip.

The lump of sand melts to glass. The glass streteches and spreads. The glass smoosth round with a slight bump the wheel whole.

Myst lowers and and slows whistle until it is lost with the breezed. She says, ,,By the sound of Myst and Tune heated to mend.''

Kirra snort snot from nose and spits. ,,Now we go.'' All glance around the planes except Guile.

Guile shakes head and looks to sand pile. He takes of his robe of Reighn.

All see around the people gathering and moving along a wide path to the rise.

To the Set, the bright glow along the horizon raises making sihlouttes of people moving from Rise to Set past the back.

Kirra squints and says and walks to the cart, ,,We put one wateron top. Open one food bag. We eat. We drink the water from container. We pee in container.''

William says loud, ,,We walk until the sun shines and people stop. We sleep around people for we must talk with those who may know more
about this journey we talk. We will also want to wait for the sun to rise to be sure we travel the path to the Rise and not the Set lest we have chosen to change our path and return to the land we know.''

Kirra raises head and looks to Spear and says. ,,There is no land we know. There is our path.''

Guile coughs. He pulls of robe. ,,I go to Tyranium.''

Spear looks at the Sun. ,,We walk until sun rises to high. Sun shine down we rest to save water for pee.'' Spear glares at William. 

William nods. ,,We should first speak with one of these people to find friends who may help, but also find our pather and the best way to travel.'' He looks and stares with Spear. ''Forneigher of us are wise enough with the desert to know how best to live though it be true we have travelled the desert we were not the ones leading the journey.''

Spear says, ,,Who will go talk to these people? You. Will you lead?''

William sneers at Spear. His face relaxes as her peers around.

Around ten small groups travelling with wagons and oxgoblins walk and roll toward the pack along the narrrow road.

Wiliam coughs and spits sand from mouths. ,,Shake.'' He says, ''I miss Shake. He would...'' He squints againsts the sun.

Guile syas, ,,Miss him.'' He coughs.

Spear stares at the sun. ,,The dead don't help talk to the living.''

Kirra stands from crouch. ,,He...''

,,Survival,'' says Guile. ''Survival.''

William spits and nods. He steps from the pack and the wagon. ,,Get the load ready for travel. I will go talk.''

As William walks to the coming people, Guile snorts and says loud. ,,I go when done cleaning.'' Guile pulls off his branching Armor and begins rubbings sand over his moints shits pee stained body. He rubs sand inside the armor and around his body the begins to wipe the sand fromb between rolls and from the branching armor.

Kirra arranges the food for two water containers to rest ont top and for a hand size hole to be open on the top of a food bag. 

Spear presses the wheel.

Myst faces William and into the glowing ground and hums with notes and imind and whispers. ,,,Yes, Reighn. Safe he will be for the song he sings will help him find a sure foot and long step...''

As William walks to the coming people, sasy to self, ,,What would Shake say?''

The coming people slow their walks and divert their step to walk away and around William.

William shouts, ,,MY NAME IS WILLIAM WESTMORE, A WARRIOR OF RIEGHN, AND A GLADIATOR OF THE DOME AND THE PIT. I SEEK WISDOM FROM THE WISE OR A JOKE FROM A FOOL AS I BE THE FOOL OF INGORANCE AS I STAND IN THE DESERT WITHOUT KNOWLEDGE OR DIRECTION.''

William hears a few laughs as people rolls and walk past a stone thow away. 

A pair of humaniods riding on two oxgoblins that pulls a long wagon turns and rolls toward William.

William steps and walks toward the wagon.

As William walks, Guile whipes, smacks and brushes branching armor. His fat rolls jiggle and wiggles with his chin and few strands of hair.

Spear squeezes and kicks the mended wheel then sits on the sand facing the rising sun, closes eyes and stretches body.

Kirra eats oats, root and dried fruit mix. 

Spear and Guile hear her chews and join her eating as William steps to the hugoiblins on oxgolblins backs.

,,I am William Westmore,'' says William with a slight bow. ''I seek help while not having much to offer in return, but a sword, a prayer and...'' He glance back and the pack and see naked Guile slaping self. ''And a jester for humor.''

Both humaniods wear sheet rapped and drapped around body and faces. Dark glasses cover eyes. Thick brown glovers covere hands that hald the reighns to the bridles around the heand of the oxgoblins.

The oxgoblins are saddled and hitched to a yoke that links  to a pole of a wooden wagon. The wooden wagon is long and, wide and covered with a tan tarp

One humaniods pulls the cloth wrapped around head exposing its hugoblins mouth. ,,I am Inle. This is Grif. We are trader on our way to Oasis.'' He glances at Grif. ''

I have seen you fight in the dome. A great fighter are you.'' He leans back in saddle. He shakes head. ''I have not heard of you.''

,,Then you have not seen many battles in the Dome and the Pit.'' He points to self. ''I am William Westmore.'' He points toward the cart. ''I was part of the thrio with Spear and Kirra.''

,,IT IS SPEAR!'' shouts Inle.

Spear hears and glance at William. He says, ,,I need a weapon.''

Kirra pulls dagger from pack and tosses two on the wagon top. She unsheathes a shorts word and tosses it on top. She looks a Spear and smiles. ,,Weapons.''

A far stone throw from Kirra nd Spear, William smiles. ,,It is Spear.''

Grif spits and pulls on the reighns of the oxgoblin. ,,I lost credit on Spear.''

Inle smiles. ,,What do you want William Westmore?''

,,Knowledge and friendship through this land of the desert for through a gladiator and warrior from the Set and thoough we have travelled through the desert, we know friends are needed for a journey.''

Grif laughs, ,,Friends in the desert become enemeies.''

William says, ,,Are you not friends?''

Grif looks at Inle.

Inle says, ,,We are friends, but we are also business parters.''

Grif pulls reighns. ,,And we are behind the train. We must be-''

Inle clicks and says, ,,What you have to offer?''

,,Friendship and protection.

Grif snorts, ,,You give protection. You can't protect against the greatest enemy. You can't protect us.''

William looks to Inle.

Inle says, ,,Grif speaks of the desert. It is the greatest enemy.''

,,It kills the weak and stupid,'' says Grif.

William smiles. ,,Though I am not weak, it is debatable I am not stupid.'' He steps back. 

Inle smiles.

,,The desert is like an ocean or lake. The sand is water. The waves appear to for ever crest. Sandwaves as tall as stone buildings rise and slope.''

Myst says, ,,You sail the ocean.''

Isle says. ,,I was born on the Far Coast.''

,,And where's the Far Coast,'' say Myst.

Isle smile. ,,Far From hear. It a domain that spans beyond the Heli Domain. Far Domain is where I was born. I grew up with on the waters to the Wax. My parents loved the sear. My dad worked the ships and sails. My mom tended bar along the docks and help with shipping books.''

Myst says, ,,How far from home are you?''

,,I am far from home. The Far Coast is is beyond Helix Domain. It is beyond the Havest Valley Domain, Red Forest Domain and futher still through the Dale Domain.'' Isle looks at Myst. ''Where are you from?''

Myst hums and opens mouth, but William says loud, ,,We are from the Set. Near the coast. We have I have seen large water bodies, oceans. What is a domain? Do all goblins speak Surface talk?''

,,They are goblins,'' says Kirra. ''Clicck and clack.''

Isle leans back in oxgoblins seat. ,,We are goblinkin.'' He looks at Myst and smiles. His dark green skin appears to shine in the light. ''The sound you hear from goblinskin was first spoke by goblins and hugoblins trying to speak as humans. Our names are primarly based upon action. If you listen. We hugoblins as as you call have
a more developed tongue to speak.''

,,Silence can help the mind wander from the exhaustion of travel,'' says Willam. ''And better with a song.''

Isle nods, ,,A song can send use flying in the mind while our bodies crawl through the desert sea.''

Myst hums...

Grile says, ,,You could be bandits waiting to get us alone?''

William clenches steel fist and glares. His jaw clenches. A song of Reighn sings through mind. 

The song of Reighn in Wiliam's mind hums from Myst, who stares at both William and the glow along the Set Horizon. Her hum carries on the breeze to William.

William's fist becomes an open palm. ,,We have food and water for forty days. We have might and mind to defend against the beast heathen of which you speak. We are not bandits.''

Grile interuppts. ,,How you be a  gladiator? How you become free?'' 

,,I, and my friends, fought their last battle to allow us to leave and pay our dept. It was a dept given to us after a long departed friend got careless. We were sold and fought. Now, we have earned arou freedom.'' William stares into Inle's eyes.

,,You have cost me,'' says Grile. ''It is Spear.'' He huffs.

William looks at Inle. ,,I know the harsh lands we walk. I have walked them. I have trained on them. I have fought over them. And from what I have done I have know it is helpful to know one who may call upon the divine to heal, guide and show a path. It was momenty before I talked with you that a cleric of Reighn mended our wheel with a touch. And with a touch, I have seen her heal and give life to thse near death.''

,,Reigh,'' says Grile. ''I have never heard of Reighn.''

William shrugs and nods head back. ,,Have you heard of Tune?''

Inle looks to the Set then the Rise and clicks and clacks as Grile speaks.

Grile says, ,,Tune is the  gnomes god.'' Grile hacks a laugh. ''You mate with gnomes!'' 

William clenches fist. He looks at Inle, ,,I hope your business partner makes you enough money to pay for the loss you must feel when travelling alone.'' He bows at Inle and looks at Grile. ''Through I wish to smite you with my hand at your mind and insult of Reighn, the god of sound, I would not want to give you a satisfaction of my effort.'' He steps a few steps back then turn and walks.

As he turns to walk to the Rise, Inle says, ,,We are travelling your way. We will ride beside you.''

William bows. ,,We thank you for your companionship. We will provide what we can if for only a little talk and guidance from you wisdom.

Inle smils and pivtos head side to side. 

Grile snorts and shakes heads. ,,I don't trust you.'' He looks at Inle. ''Inle knows. He can juges.

,,I do judge you worth time, but our path will be long and fast to meat the train,'' says Inle.

,,I only ask you ride a long and you list to our offeress and questions. I do not nor will I demand you remain,'' says William.

Grile look to the Rise and counts with lips and silence, ,,There are five to our two.''

William looks at Grile. ,,There will be seven for the journey.''

Inle smiles. ,,You lead and we will follow, but we must hurry for the Mirror of Fire will sun heat and the train will rest only for the day. And while we travel to you friends please tell us about yourself.''

 William leads Inle and Griln telling them of Westmore and his mother and father and his friend Shake.

While they walk to the pack, the pack checks weapons, the wagon and food.

Guile brushes sand from body and whipes in from cloths then dresses in the branching armor and Robe of rieghn.

Spear watches William and the groups of people pass while taking a scarf and using it to tie closes hs robe. And he grabs two knives and stabes them into the side of the scarf. He slips on dagger in pocket and grabs his short sword, stares at William and the glowing light from the Set.

The glowing light spans from the Set to near the horizon of the Wax and Wane.

Kirra glances at the glow from the ground and kicks the wheels of the cart, pulls on the walls of the cart and grabs the poles of the cart and pulls. She watches Will aim with hand on short sword hilt.

Myst sings tones with hums along the breeze seeing the land spread around her. She sees William talk and feels Williams rage then feels the song flow from her to William. She sees William walk with the two toward the pack.

William walks to the pack and says loud before stepping close ot Myst. ,,I walk with Grile and Inle, who are travellers like us!''

Spear says to Kirra. ,,Friends.''

,,Not Love,'' says Kirra.

Spear snorts. ,,It could be.''

Kirra stares and nods, pushes from cart and walks to the William.

William says, ,,Inle, Grile, this before you is Myst, a sing of Reighn and see of all things.''

Myst hums to silence and smiles. ,,I see you are more prepared for the desert then we, but I do hope the Song of Reighn will sing the way.''

,,What happened to your face?'' Grile.

Myst says with breeze, ,,I was given sight to see with song, so I may be closer to Reighn.''

,,You want that...'' He looks at Inle.

Inle says, ,,My name is Inle. The one who spoke is Grile. We are traders and travel the desert.''

Gril says, ,,We need to move.''

,,Yes, we need to continue if we hope to put distands between us and the Mirror of Fire,'' says Inle.

Myst shurgs shoulders adn nods. ,,Then we shall walk.''

Willima looks at Kirra then Spear. ,,I will pulls the cart until the song and body plays no longer.'' 

Spear glares at William, grabs the handles and pulls the cart.

Kirra looks at William. ,,We walk until sun raises too high.''

Inle says, ,,You are wise.'' He looks at Kirra. ''I advise we walk to a train through the sun..'' He whips on and reighns.  Gril does the same. Their oxgoblns step and pull the wagons. ''It is better to ride with a train than alone.'' He glances and nods behind to the Set. ''We walk away from the Mirror Fire.''

Kirra looks at Inle she steps back and along side his oxgoblins and the Spear. 

William walks behind the carts with Myst and Guile.

,,What is Mirror Fire,'' says William loud. 

Inle leans back to see William and look at Kirra. After holding a long gaze he looks to the rise. ,,The Mirror Fire shines from the groun. It is a glass surface. The glass surface shines light from shine to the sky. The shine grows during days. It gets hot and burns if too close.''

William says, ,,The guards last night were moving people beyond the Mirror Fire.''

Inle says, ,,The soldiers wear the black and red. The soldiers where clearing the ramp for people. The soldiers cleared and helped guide them along the path between the mirrors. The soliders move people from the ramp the area. The soldiers don't care if you burn.''

William nods. ,,And this train you speak of. If I am not mistaken and if my memory is right, your talk of distrust of travel companions seems to betray you want to be with more people.''


Gril spits. ,,Train is a community. A small pack are strangers.'' 

Inle leans back in saddle and looks back and Willima and Myst. ,,It is true. I have been robed of my cargo by a small group. The train protects from losing everything.'' He looks at Gril. ''The train can be bad.'' He looks at Kirra. ''We find the right train. We help.''

Guile says, ,,You take from us.''

Inle chuckles. Gril shouts, ,,YOu have nothing to steal.''

,,Water,'' says Guile.

Inle says, ,,You calm, Grile.'' He looks over the wagon to Guile.

Guile walks with hood pulled over head and hands oulled into Robe of Reighn sleeves. The robe of Reighn covers. 

Inle says, ,,WE have water. We have might. Our enemy is vaste and every where.''

Kirra says, ,,The desert.''

Inle looks at Kirra smiles then looks to the rise. ,,You ware wise.''

To the Rise, small groups begins to merge to a point over the hoirzon. 

To the Wans the flat desert land around the pack spans to rise and roll sand over the plane of sand.

To the Wax, the flat desert land around the pack spans to rise and roll sand over the planes of sand.

To the Rise, the land glow and heat spreads.

,,Are there bandits?" says William. He scratch under a shoulder plate  and shifts his chain mail.

,,They cut throats,'' says Grile.

,,The greatest enemey is the Desert.'' Inled visors hand over head. ''Another enemy are the bandits.''

,,They kill. They rape. They take,'' say Gril.

Inle shitfs in saddle. ,,Thieves leave with the crowds and wait in the waves. They take and kill and wait for the enter gates to open.''

Gril says, ,,They wait around Oasis.''

Guile snorts and spits out sand. He shakes sand from branching armor. ,,You not theives.''

,,We are not thieves,'' says Grile. ''You talk bad.'' 

inle shits in seat. ,,His name is Grile. He can be rude.''

Guile glances from the hood's shadows. He begins to hear Gril's snorts and talk repeat in mind. He lets the sound replat and play like a song.

Spear says, ,,Are you theives?'' His body glistens sweat adn mucles pulse.

Willim unclasps breast plate. ,,I too can be rude for know mentioning the names of my friends. The one pulling the wagon is Spear. The one you glance at with a lustful eye is Kirra. You have met Myst, who walks next to me. And the one with the wise question is Guile.'' He pulls on strap and walks toward William.

Inle says loud while piont to both he and Gril. ,,I am inle and I ride with Gril. We are business partners. War are not theives.''

,,I lost money on you,'' says Gril spitting toward Spear.

Guile repeats Gril's voice in mind.

William pulls breast plate from chest and tosses it on cart as he slaps Guile's shoulder.

,,GUILE!'' He says with slap. ''He may act coarse as sand'' He squeezes Guile's shoulder. ''But Guile's act is not an acto only to sting those who wish use harm.''

The repeating voice of Gril in Guile's mind skips. Pain spreads.

William whispers near hood. ,,Sorry, my friend, but now is not the time.''

Myst hums and from mouth to throat and chest. From chest a song spreads around the pack and Gril and Inle. 

The song changes as it flows around Inle to a slow calm string that sooth mind like a river's trickle that flow true with beat of drums. The beat of drum vibrates to Myst's hand.

The song changers as it flows around Gril to a quick and slow, deep and shallow 

The song plays from Myst and throug Myst. She says with song. ,,The song sing no wrong with these beings through one song of choase and shifting balance doesn sing.''

Her singing voice talks to her lyric talk. ''There feels to be no evil for our lives or good in the song of Reign for Gril and Inle.''

Guile snorts. 

Willliam release hand from his shoulder, ,,Please continue to be watching, my friends,''  and steps with Myst.   

,,Your deity is wise,'' says Inle. ''We are put traders wanting to find our traiin.''

,,How far the train?'' says Kirra. ''Where they meet?'' 

Inle looks at Kirra. ,,A train is a large group of travellers. We are small. We may need help. We travel until we find a train.'' He looks at Kirra. ''We travel at night when train is found. You know the desert is got when the light is above. We sleep. We need a train. We travel during day to meet.''

William says, ,,Are there not ways for one buy your way on to this train for this method of travel seems chaos if not suicidal?''

Gril laughs. ,,He speaks, who pulls a cart across the desert.''

Inle says leaning back to see William. ,,A train offers a community of support. We left from gate five, so we must make or hurry to catch an trains that left before us.''

William says, ,,You are once again talking wisdom to the ignorant. Can you for the wisdom tell us what are the meaning of the gates and trains?''

Grill snorts. ,,Are you on the run from the law? Do you gladiators have some owner still chasing after you? Where is It Is Spear? I see no beast.''

,,Grile,'' says Inle.

Spear stops. He holds the cart by one hand.

Myst says, ,,The man you see pulling the wagoin is Spear. Spear is no beast, but blessed with a curse that allows him to survive. Spear is a warrior and a friend.''

Grile looks at Spear. ,,One of those changing beast.'' He looks at Inle. ''I can't trust a changing beast. I seen him fight. I saw no warrior. I saw a besst.''

Inle looks at Grile. ,,I see a man strong enough to pound bandits.''

Grile spits, snorts. ,,I lost money betting against It Is Spear. If I owned I would want to control It Is Spear. I want to know if we will be hunted. I want to know if William Westmore has lied.''

Kirra looks at Spear.

Spear grabs the cart and pulls.

William says, ,,We fulfilled our fight obligation to our owners as I have told you. We are in a hurry for no other reason to find people who will help us leave the desert and return to lands less dry and barren.''

Inle nods. ,,Why not return to the Set? To Westmore?''

William walks. He mutters. ,,Goblins.''

Grile laughs, says loud, ,,GOBLINS ARE EVERWHERE!''

Grile snorts a laughs.

William clenches fists quick steps by Kirra and to the front of the ox goblins.

,,William,'' Myst hums to and says, ''We travel for Reighn to the Rise to spread the song of Reigh.

Grile's oxgoblin blusters and kicks its horns. Grile laughs.

Inle glares ant Grile. Grile calms.

Inle stare heads at William.

Willis steps back and lets the oxgoblins walk past.

Kirra steps past William and walks between the cart and Inle's oxgoblins.

William hums with Myst.

Inle says, ,,I feel you speak truth. I see you tell me what you would not tell others. I will tell you about the gates.''

,,It would be wisdom I would like to know, but not one I ever hope to need again,'' says William.

Grile pulls on oxgoblins.

A breeze blows to a few gusts of wind from behind.

Grile pulls scarf over mouth.

Myst says, ,,Why does the empire use their warriors to spread the empire and not trade and diplomacy?''

Inle says, ,,it is because the warriors are controlled by the tyranical Spellcasters of Helix. The Spellcasters of Helix believe they should control all the land with their order. They want every soldier to follow orders like their order. They want to order the world.''

A wind gust from behind. A bit of sand blows around. Sihlouettes walk and gaother into groups near and far. sihlouettes become people. People become groups.

The pack rolls on with Inle and Grile.

Inle continues to talk with the gust and a bit of spit to get sand our of his mouth. ''They believe freedom through control. Most soldiers only speak the goblin tonugue. The goblins tongue is spoken by th religious and the archine.'' He shifts ins seat and glance back at William, looks at Kirra. ''The two city-states of Helix and Tyrinum fight for control of the empire and the warriors.'' he looks forward. ''The soldiers are born, endentured and enslaved into the army at a young age. Their family is the army. Their only talk the goblins talk and not the surface talk. They are orderd by a family member for the future of the family as a goods on or daughter would.'' He nods. ''Think of the army as a family with powerful wizards and clerics as their parent and the very few who understand the talk of the children.''

William says, ,,And the war between this Tyrinum and Helix. Will it stop the army from advancing?"

Inle sighs. ,,Tyrinum bore me. I believe they are a less hostile. They do govern and create the civil laws. The army suports those civil laws, but only because Helix likes the order. They talk of wisdom. They have a concentration of mind powers like those of the spellcasters. The city has a collection of engineering and artistains taken from Gnomsidy. Tyrinium is more open.''

A gust blows from the breeze catches as a wind for a few seconds. Sand blows in mouths and face.

Inle says, ''Tyrinium and the civil government would continue the spread of the empire with the soldiers. They may not lead war with soldiers. Helix would need to change to stop the army now. Helix would need to change to stop the army for the future. You see the cubes. You see the magic in Gnomsidy. YOu see the power of the spell casters. It will take a momentous event to equal the power of the empire.''

Guile clears thorat, coughs, spits. ,,Why spell casters in Gnomsidy? Create those cubes? The cubes are the money.'' He clears throat and spits sand. ''The money would be controlled by Helix.''

Inlue nods. ,,Yes, Guile, Helix wants to spread their control. Helix sent wizards to Gnomisdy to control. The creation of the these Credit Tubes and Cubes are reason.

The creation helps their cause. The many wizards in Gnomsidy help control. The thinkers of Tyrinium are...'' He looks at Guile.

Through the shadows of the hood, Guile peers at Inle.

Inlue smiles. ,,They are thinking.''

Grile slaps knee. ,,Mind thinkers are dump.''

William says aloud. ,,They wish to control Gnomsidy to control trade and travel acros the desert.''

Inle glances back to William. ,,You understand.''

Wind blows from behind.

William throws arm plates on wagons

Guile coveres face with hood. Spear looks down to the ground. Kirra and William look on. Myst hums to see what is around. 

Inle holds the scarf before his mouth. 

Kirra says loud, ,,What is the glow?''

,,THE GLOW!'' shouts inle the strong wind calms to a wind.

Inle says loud. ''There are four entrances to Gnomesidy. One to the Rise, Wane, Sex and Wax. The mile long ramps exit to sands. Mirrors surround the vaste hole reflecting the hot rays and creating a wall of heat until the sun goes down.''

The wind blows back then shifts side to side. Dust flurries twist. Sand sticks eyes.

Inle holds the scarf close to mouth and talks loud. ''Rise portal has sixteeen waiting rooms that tunnel to the exit back. They are used for exit and entrace. They are used to control the flow in and how. It is best to be the first to leave. All large and weathly carvans that form their own train fill the first three or four tubes. Their trains will rest thes day because during the night they travelled far. Our tube.'' He stops as a wisph of sand splashes. ''Our tubes six and your tube had been stalled by those who were given to leave first.''

Spear closes eyes and presses foward ward.

Kirra warps scarf around face. She stretches the scarf, spreads the threads and warps the scarf once around eyes. She sees through the threads and sees the planes. 

Grile clicks and clacks, pulls on reiehns. 

The oxgoblins kicks step and advance beyond Spear.

Spear squints through the wind and bits of sand and pressed feet into the hard, cracked sand roads.


Wind gusts, and sand blows. Sand stinks eyes and sticks to lips and teeth. Sand gust from behind.

In front, the sun shines, and shadows span over the desert and lead to silhouette walk, rolling and stomping toward the sun and together.

They become groups through the wind and sand.

From the sides two wagons pulled by three oxgoblins roll with walking beings. The beings are wrapped with scarves and tight cloths.

William bundles armor plates under the trap and ties down the back the pushes the cart.

Spear pulls the cart and walks with eyes closes and feet pounding steps into the crusted sand top. He feels a yellow burn spread through body and guide toward the sun.

Toward the sun, Kirra feels to walk. She pulls her short sword from sheath and squints into the wind watching people roll wagons and walk from the sides toward from the Wane and Wax. She watches and paces the sun path and the path of Inle and Grile.

Inle and Grile guid their oxen toward the sun and to a large silhouette group merging.

From the Wax and Wane people walk to the silhouette group.

Wind gusts.

The sun rises a quarter to the zenith.

Guile sweats and pisses and walks. He drinks water under good. In the hood, Guile hears the wind blow with wind and gust play like a violin.

The violin song playing in the hood of the Robe of Reighn pulls Guile's mind from the paain in food the echos of Inle's talk and hunger and thirst. The song sound creates in Guile's mind a flat plane with glimmers of people walking to a point of great light.

Myst hums and her hums travels with the breeze creating a plane of sound like the one playing in Guile's mind.

Along the plane of sound and the plane of sight, the sand blows and spans and the sun rises.

They walk, and the sun rises. Heat spreads and sand stains sweat. All drick swigs of water swallow grains of sand that bit when they clench teeth.

They walk, and the group gathering before cnears and grows. Pairs, trios and small groups of wagons and oxgoblins merge before.

Inle pulls on the rains, and the oxgoblins jerk their wagon head of Spear and the cart. The oxgobling begin to gallop. He shouts, ,,WE HURRY TO THE TRAIN. ZENITH IS ABOVE!''

Spear hears and pulls and kicks. 

Kirra sheaths her swords and pushe on back with William. They push the card.

The cart shaks and rattles. 

A sack of grain fall, and William grabs and pushes.

The pushing and pulling rolls the cart near Inle and Griles trotting oxgoblins. 

Myst hums then whislees her deep breath inhaling bits of sand, but exhaling a tone.

The tone calms the burn in lungs; fills the empty hunger in stomachs; moistens the flesh.

They push on chasing the Inle and Grile's oxgoblins.

The sihlouettes become people wrapped in sheets and pulling carts.

People stands spread over a pond sized area. They spread canvasses along the side of trailers. They guide oxgobline to lay under pavillions. They pitch tents.

The wind becomes gusts then a breeze. 

Sweat drips and pours. Skin warms and burns.

The pack pulls and pushes the cart to the edge of the encampment. 

Some one shouts, ,,MORE TRAINERS!''
