Throough the wide opening in the road's glass wall, Burnt flesh smoke rises from smoldering worg near a wood cart and bags of oats.

A few burnt bodie lay along the road. Chared arrows stick from bodies of words and hugoblins. Kids lay with adults bodies.

Wind gusts and embers blow, glow deep red. The red dim under the ash.

Kirra stesp along the wall in the moon light shadows caste over the arch of the wall.

Only the funnel of wind blow  through the opening of road wall speaks.

Only the smokes moves as Kirra silently steps to the egde of the opening. 

A lorge circle wall encompases smoldering sacks, wagons, bags and bodies smoke and smoldiers.

Kirra sits and watches and listens.

Smolding piles sizzle and glow red. Smoke whispes shift and sway.

Piles of carvans span in camps. 

Kirra steps through the camp finding foot falls over the tracks of the fleeing. She steps and leaps from a cart wheel foot prints rinning over the soot. She kneels by a body.
 
The body lays face down in sand near a glass cart and a box of glass cubes, bags of aats and glass wear. The body wears burnt desert wrap and burnt flesh. The burnt arms cover the head. The back of the body is black, burnt and bare.

Kirra pulls knife from sheeth and lifts the arm by the wrist.

Under the arm flesh against head and sand are unscotched an shinny.

Kirra peers around the camp and thew alls and listesn. She steps slow on glass slats and foot prints.

The foot prints spread and follow bodies and paths from the camp. Foot prints of soot and sand walks and run and scurry.

Then a wind custs and embers swirl. A feeling of...

Kirra feels a tingle along spine, steps back, tuns and runs silent from the camp and along the road in the shadows of moon light. Her feet land silent and leave little track or touch. She follows a train of feet.

Spear feels and then sees Kirra before his gray sight that sees through the night sees Kirra running swiftly. He grabs a sword.

,,Kirra runs for us,'' says Runtik with a joy mocking sound. She huffs.

Guile sees Kirra. He peers beyond over the moon lite road. He coughs and spits.

Kirra hears the talk and the coughs. ,,Quiet.'' She steps to a huddle.

All step near.

Kirra looks over shoulders. ,,Dead. All dead. Burn from flash fire. Entire are black and burnt. Arrows in bodies. No obvious tracks. Felt something. Left. Nothing there but death.'' She looks at Runtik. ''You're people are dead.''

Runtik says in soft bass. ,,My people lead the caravan.'' 

Guile says, ,,Love.'' He shakes heads. ''You created fight. You got us kicked out. You-''

,,Saved us?'' says William. ''I-''

,,Yes,'' says Myst. ''You were sent by Love to remove us from the train.''

,,You read their mind?'' says Guile. ''You-''

The wild one read all the mind. All it can do,'' says Love.

Kirra looks back. ,,Quiet. I felt...''

,,We move along the road. We move now,'' says Runtik. ''They may think-''

,,Who?'' says William. 

Runtik laughs her low bass voice to a hight pitched mock. ,,Who you think steel hand?''

,,The Council of...'' begins William.

Runtik is noding. ''Spell casters'' interrupts Runtik. 

Guile clears thrat and spits. ,,You got us from pack. What you see. Thoughts in mind?''

,,Gristle and Inle of Gnomsidy were travelling for the Casters,'' says Runtik.

,,How we know you not caster?'' says Kirra.

,,I feel the purr of Love's mind trust that can't be mimic'd  least you are beyond the mind,'' Guile sniffs.

,,Why,'' William says as he stares into the darkness and glancing at Runtik. ''Why you...'' He clenches steel fist. ''Why you telling all this now? Why not tell us you were saving us from a doom that may or may not come from the casters upon us. Why when you were telling the story.''

Runtil grabs waterskin and loosens top. ,,You gag me.'' She drinks water. ''It was implied.'' She drinks more water, swallows, says, ,,I forget your culture not being like ours where any threat against you life means that all are possible enemies or friends. It be the way of the goblinkin. It be a way.'' She grabs cart. ''We pull. We pull along the trail fast.''

William pulls on the traps ropes and says, ,,Won't they be waiting for us. Should we not be talking about what we are going to do. We need to prepare for battle. We need to be ready. How far away are we from Oasis?''

,,We ride two night cycles. We arrive during Set,'' says Runtik.

William grabs shield and slong swords and creeps along the the wall and steps Kirra at the lead of the cart. ,,We push through the road. We pass the camp.''

,,We leave it, yes. I feel...'' Spear pushes on back of cart and holds short swords. He peers through the sight and sees the moon light. A feeling of heave dread and deads spreads with the breeze. ''Death. Deep death.''

Myst's hum flows with wind and is near a whisper, but she see beyond following the ebbs and paths of the blowing wind. The hum sings with a song in her mind. The song spreads from a deep hum to a lower moan of a bass drink that ends its long draw with a pound of a deep bass drum. Myst hears the song and follows along seeing the path open to the recage. 

In her sight of song, Myst sees: Darksouls searching the wracage for bodies, etheral form floating from bodies. She hears a few moans through the camp. 

The wind slows.

The pack's feet crack thin glass spread under the soot like breaking a thin layer of ice over a puddle.

The cart crashes and cracks the glass and hits a pile.

The pack push and moves the cart around bodies and pieces of carts and chunks of bags along the road.

,,Help,'' all hear.

,,From the camp,'' says Spear. 

,,At the edge. We go,'' says Kirra.

Runtik says fast, ,,I walk away from here. We run away.'' 

Spear feels and says, ,,Spell casters.''

,,A fireball caste,'' says Runtik. 

,,Help,'' says the voice a little louder.

Myst steps from the pack and along the road, leaving soot foot prints toward the camp area and the voice. 

The voice's sound creates a bath for Myst to sing as she steps.

,,Myst,'' says Kirra. ''Stop.''

Myst hums and walks from the cart and into the soot and burn piles of wood and flesh; bags and class.

,,Myst,'' says William. 

Kirra looks at William. 

William steps.

Spear says, ,,We go.'' He looks at Kirra. ''Go. Get cart go.''

Guile steps to the side of the cart and puts a few waters skins over head. ,,Pack the water. Pack the water if that help is trap. Need to leave the cart.''

,,Pull, Runtik,'' says Kirra. Kirra pushes. Kirra looks at Guile. ''Fill water skins.''

Spear gives Guile his waters skins.

William tosses his waterskins ontop of the cart has he quick steps after Myst. ,,Myst, by the song of Reighn let you song sing the path and find if the song at the end of it is not of dread as we no not what we find here.''

Mysts hum flows from mouth to throat, and lips whistle.

Myst's song of Reighn sings and spreads. 

Myst sees the near silent whistles flow around the camp. The notes sctch splashes of shades of red around  few spots. Near the area where the help is said, a deep red
 splashs spreads.

,,HELP. OVer...Over here...I...'' says the rough voice. 

Myst stops the wistle and throat hums while click tongue. The clicks smack through the camp and ping the souls around the read splash creating and arua of shades of gray.

The shades of gray over the few red swirls seen by Myst as people. The gray shades to black.

Myst stops and quiets her hum.

William steps a few steps before he comes to a stand.

Myst thumps her drum.

The drum thumps spreads and the once red hue that are now black ping a note of magic.

,,Undead,'' says Myst. ''By the song of Reighn, we should follow the retreat.

Burn bodies push, pry and crawl from piles and sand. Here and there; behind and before, corpses rise and stands.

William grabs sword and shield and steps back toward Myst. ,,I there be a sound to dismiss these beings back to their undead planes.''

Myst thumps her drums and steps with hum from their stand back toward the cart.

The drums sound and pound their slowly stepping path with William  stepping before a dead body that raises to stand before Myst. 

The dead being reaches for Myst, but with each thump of drums fingers, bones, sking blow to dust.

Spear feels the dead pull on his life force into the ground, says, ,,We need to leave.''

,,So much for Pulltik and Grilltik,'' says Guile as the dead bodies rise from ground.

Myst sings from afar, ,,The dead to rise! It's no surprise! Time to run to rise! Or we lose our eyes. We'll have no sight. To leave this fright. When the sun rises with lies! To stop life of strife!'' She pounds the drums and steps with William.

The drum pounds beat waves of bass around the camp and to the road. The drum pound waves blast bits of flesh and bod from the dead rising all around the camp.

Burnt, cut, shot and stapped dead hugoblins crawl, step and swat at Myst and William. 

Spear turns his short sword and swats three times bashing down three bodies.

The three bodies fall, but crawl and rise again armless, headless and hop leg less.

The another drum beat pounds and fingers, flesh and face fall. 

Runtik pulls the poles of the carts while Spear pushes carts over the sand, and Guile follows. 

Guile steps near Spear and the cart as bodies pull from the sand. 

Two hugoblins covered in soot rise to a kneel and crawl in the path.

Then a sonci boom flows from Myst and the drum and striked the dead flesh.

The two being crawling fall and lay.

Dead bodies rise and fall with the pounds.

Myst and William walk with song and sound of pounds from the camp ground to the wide road. 

Skeletons and zombies become dust and blow with the sand.

The drum beats spreads over the lands and setes the pace of Runtik and Spear to lead the race with the cart along the raod to the rise.

William steps and pushes the cart and hums and signs. ,,The dead now lie as we push to the rise waiting for the sun to rise wanting no more surprise for our day time...'' He pushes the cart and the cart rolls.

The drums slow to a tap that keeps the pace along the road to the rise.

To the Rise they roll silent until the skyline becomes light and bright. 

The land scape flows from ripple waces of sand acraoos flat planes beyond hte waist high glass wall of the wide road. The flat planes rise and rolling hill side sandwaves. Then sheer rocks and jagged rock tips bocke from the sand. 

The sand spreads to sand stone and dirt.

The pack push and pulls the cart. Sweat drips. Heats beat. Mind push from the death.

The road walls slope to an open plan and rock bottom. 

The glass wheels hit the rock and rubs and crack.

Runtik falls. Spear slips and pushes. William trips over the bumping rock road. 

The cart rolls forward. The cart poles hit the ground and shatter.

The cart fall on Runtik's leg.

Runtik's leg bops and bleeds. Runtiks shouts and inhales the sound and hold. Runtik clenches teeth.

The carts edge pierces Runtiks shin. The shin bends around the edge.

Spear and William kick to feet and pull with arms to lift the cart.

Blood spread over sand.

Runtik grabs leg.

Guile smirks and spits steps back and peers to the Set and Rise.

To the rise, a small caravan rolls along the falt plane between the sand waves and rock.

Myst kneels. Her kneel presses into blood.

the blood flows from a cut aling the back of Runtik's thight. A deep cuts spreads wraps and flesh. Blood pumps and spreads.

Water from crack in cart pours on the legs.

,,Water,'' says Kirra. ''A bag of food. We go.''

,,Hold,'' says Myst. ''Let the water flowwwwwww...'' she follows the sound owwwwwww...to a hum and a few rubs on top of durm before her hands press into.

Spear and William roll the cart back and hold the cart. 

Water pours.

Kirra steps to back of cart and begins to unload and stand the sacks of food, stacks shit with shit, piss with piss and water with water.

Glass spread cracked and sharterd. Water and chucnks of glass spill to the sand. Glass base of cart cracks as Spear and William hold.

The cart base lay craced from edge that hit Runtik's leg.

Runtik lays silent and still and shaking. ,,Hundreds. Hundreds...'' Her body shakes. Her blood flows.

Guile stepps and peers at Myst's hands. He glances at the caravan rolling along the road, says, ,,Have some people coming?''

Myst'st hands shake with the vibration of her hum...

Kirra says, ,,Get in their minds Guile? Find who before the get here?''

,,Too far,'' coughs Guile.

,,DO IT,' 'says Kirra.

Guile huffs, spits and steps. He lets the ankle sprain pain spread and buzz, then shouts, ,,HERE.'' Then his mind castes through the night and the sound.

Guile mind force flows with shout and enters mind of a hugoblins whose head turns and mind repeats a few times the word here.

The hugoblin in the caravan far away slows and stop, and two run to the night.

Kirra pulls bags and glass from cart. The cracked spare axle clunks to grown and breaks. The spare will rolls. Shard of glass fall with the water. ,,Get in their mind
.''

In the mind of the hugoblin running at them, Guile feels and sees rage and worrry. Flashes of  small children in a covered wagon and of the worgs.

Worgs bark and growl.

The growls rumble with Myst's vibrating throat.

Myst's hands spread and shake on gun.

The water around the cut turns to steam.

The water from cart drips. Glass piles. 

Kirra tosses a sopping sack to ground and pulls out shortswords. ,,Drop cart.''

Williakm says, ,,Water, Myst.'' He hears strings of guitars strike a, >No,< in his mind. Willaim says, ,,WE move.''

Spear and William push and let the cart roll away.

The cart rolls, tips and shatters. Glass bags and and brooked box spread. 

William, Spear and Kirra step before Guile.

Guile sees images of kids, bags, worgs and flashes of images people running along the grounds and road.

As William, Spear and Kirra step toward the caravan.

The caravan stops. Five step along the road caste by the starlight.

Guile says, ,,They fear for family. Have protection away from road. Crossbow. Fear of us. Kids. Worgs.''

William shouts, ,,MY NAME IS WILLIAM WESTERMORE. WE HAVE A WOUNDED FRIEND. WE HAVE BEEN LEAVING BEHIND HUNDREDS OF UNDEAD BEASTS!''

Spear, Kirra, William and Guile stand.

The job of the five jogging from the caravan slow to a walk. Their step close.

From the shadows caste from the a few sheer rock faces and sand waves.

William says lound, ''WE HAVE ONE WOUNDED AND WOULD LIKE TO WARN YOU OF THE HORROR THAT LIES TO THE SET OF THIS ROAD!''

,,We humans,'' says Spear.

,,I only hope they pass us by. Their death matter little,'' says William.

,,Think of the thought they see,'' says Guile.

Withouth pausing, William says, ,,Myst we must be ready to move.''

Mysts hum is all she hears. She feels the song flow through her mind, arms then into Runtik giving the feel of them being one.

The sihlouettes shine from the moon light the sight of three desert warriors holding shortswords, shields. One holds bow. The two with short swords walk while the other with bow stands. One of the apporaching warriors says, 

The caravan stops. 

Two warriors with swords steps twoard the four.

Guile feels the warrriors worry and tension. Thoughts of a child appear in mind and flash with a flow money and darkness. Guile says, ,,They  worry of families.

Kirra steps. We steps back toward Myst. We keep together.

,,Yes,'' says William. ''It is wise not to step further and make our step back.''

,,William's talks.'' Kirra steps back. ''I watch.''

,,WE HAVE A WOUNDED.'' He pauses.     

And with the words, Myst's songs of humming and hand pounding drum erupts. A lights shines like ripples of light, from the top of the drum.     

Myst's hand pressing against Runtiks thigh burn the flesh to heal then cools the flesh. 

The warriors stepping twoard stop theirs step and step away. ,,We will wait your patiences,'' says one. Both steps back.

Kirra and William, Spear and Guile, steps toward the carvan.  

William says, ,,Guile go with Kirra. Spear. Remain here. Let me approach, so we may speak.''

,,No,'' says Spear. ''We stay together.''

,,Scarreed, they are,'' says Guile. ''Let them believe what they believe.''

The short bow hold aims bow and shouts. ,,YOU SEEK HARM. YOU DIE. YOU QUIET. YOU GO BUY. WE HAVE NOT WAR WITH BIN!''

The shouts fades over the plains with the ripples of lights from Myst's hand and the drums beats.

The drum goes silents and Runtik maons.

,,Bin,'' says William. 

Guile coughs. ,,Bin. The name people give to a God?''

Spear says, ,,Bin is diety they fear.''

,,How,'' says Guile as he looks at Spear.

Myst says, ,,Runtik needs water for her to speak for the heat of the heal has taken much, but given all.''

Kirra grabs waterskin around head and tosses it. ,,Move Runtik.''

,,Yes,'' says Runtik. Her low bass voice flows of. ''I feel like my leg burn with youth and fun. It feels plain.''

,,It is the power of Reighn-'' says Myst until one shouts.

,,HUMANS STEP OUT OF OUR WAY OR BE KILLED!''

Guile feels fear and worry emotion with flashes of faces of small children, sniffs. ,,Weak and afraid. Have thoughts of children.''

William shouts, ,,We mean you no harm nor do we wish to stop you you joruney across this great land, but we come in a hurry for we have been through an area haunted by undead creatures.'' He buts hand by mouth to further shout. ''We are only trying warn you that during the day may be the best when you past the way about a mile away.''

Clicking and clacking smack and rattpe from afar. The snaps talk of what to do. The surface talk mummlbe spread as the four warriors stands and stare. 

Kirra watchs. ,,They are weak.'' She kneels by Runtik. ''You stands. We walk. Or you remain. Sun come soon.''

Myst pulls and unwraps the scabbed staine wraps from Runtik's theighs. ,,Our fear was from the curse of the undead. I felt it from you, but with the song of Rieghn we have let those beasts return. And given the sun at times can harm the those living beyond the dead, then they will have no-'' She pulls in the bloodied wrap.

,,Hurry,'' says Kirra. ''Give these caraveners no heed. And leave a trail of the dead.''

Runtik's bare tigh lay scapped along.

Runtik bends and stands. Scabs on her thigh flake and falls. She feels not pain as she presses on leg. She says with sweet bass voice. ,,Reighn sings brighter than Bin and better than Tune. I hear Tune. Tune sings thorugh the tubes of Gnomsidy. Tune Priest sing a chorus together. It sounds music. This heals skin.'' She looks at Myst. ''What happened to your face.''

Their face face the other, and they stare with sight and music.

,,We talk after,'' says Kirra. ''Get name and mace. Be ready to sing for death. Come.''

They step to William, Spear and Guile.

William, Spear and Guile step back toward Kirra, Runtik and Myst.

Kirra sees two bow men run from a few shadows of rocks casting far to the raod from the moon. She shouts. ,,LOWER BOWS OR DIE!'' She then clicks and clacks the surface talk. ''You lower bows or you die.''

The bows men step from shadows and point arrows at the pack. 

Three more warriors run from the caravan and join the four standing three leaps from William.

William says, ,,You aim your bows at me and pass. We stand and wait.''

,,You stand. You remain.'' shouts one of warriors with weapons on standing three. The moon light shines chain shirt, chain mail and leather studded with metal on the seven. Wraps of black covere face and body. Long shashes hand from waist. Their surfact alk fluid and flows like short poems. ''We fight from Rise to Set. We will fight you yet if you attack. You will die. We wish not to kill. We be on our way. Unless you have words of hate to say.''

William opens mouth to speak, but Myst sounds a note then speaks.

Myst says, ,,

,,Humans speak lies,'' says one. 

,,I smell the stink from here,'' says another.

One laughs, ,,Wind blows from us.''

A few laugh and click and clack.

The wagons of the caravan behind roll and pull over the thinly sanded road. The oxgoblins stomp and pull the wagons past.

Myst says, ,,YOu will not listen to reason. You will joueny toward the dead walk. Remain waking. Wait for the sun to shine, and it will sing a song of Reighn to help you see through the horror-''

,,QUIET WITCH!'' shouts one of the warriors. A short stacik warror steps and raises a hammar. 

Another warrior puts a hand on the shoulder of the other warrrior. The warrior says, ,,You whorship a cult diety. We listen to Bin if a greater being we seek.''

,,GREATER BEING DIE IN DESDERT,'' shouts a warrior.

The warriors laugh.

The caravan roll by the pack standing in a group.
 
,,Runtik,'' says Myst. ''You must tell them of what was left behind for Reign only decimated the hundreds of hundred. They will listen to you.''

,,Let die,''s ays Kirra.

Runtik says, ,,I try. I speak.''

Kirra says, ,,Runtik knows why.''

Runtik says loud with sqeaky voice. ,,My friends speak the truth. You walk toward many undead. Cult gods wake the dead. They live ahead. You go yoy be dead.''

,,You be dead.'' says one warrior. ''You breed with humans?'' Abnother couple warriors laugh.

,,I breed with the living. Soon, I will ne breed with you. Childen and women hear me. You walk to death,'' says Runtik. She clicks and clacks the same in goblins speak.

Myst says, ,,We must help them find their way beyond the dead and living or they will find them.''

,,Let be,'' says Guile. He looks behind and peers. ''Go far. Not far enough. Dead don't sleep.''

,,Wizards and Priests,'' says Spear. ''They see far. We go know. They've been warned.''

,,Go. Now. Get food and water.'' Kirra steps from the pack. ''We need to move, find place to sleep.''

William shouts, ,,IF YOU CONTINUE YOUR PATH THEN YOU WILL MEET A DEATH UNLESS YOU WAIT FOR THE SUN.''

The group of warrios step with end of the wagon. One shouts and points a long swords at the pack. ,,A human lies. A human ambushes. A human can not be trusted.''

Kirra clicks and clacks a snap, ,,You walk. You die. YOu goodbye.''

Another of the warriors, walking with the end of the wagon to the Set, shouts, ,,Humans tell us to stay. Human kill us. Human sell out wares in Oasis.''

Myst shouts and haunting hum the vibrates along the spines. She shouts. ,,STOP OR BEASTS WILL BE YOU DEATURE.'' Her voice boom waves through the caravan.

Surface talk mumrurs thorugh the crows. A few say loud, ,,We stop. We stop.'' A wagons lurges and stops. Two of the warriors run from the seven watching the pack. The two warriors shouts clicks and clacks at each other then mumble and shout. ,,We move. We move.'' A baby cries.

Guile feels rush of fear and anger. ,,Feel they will attack.''

Runtik laughs. ,,You will kill them all.''

,,We leave,'' say Spear. ''We can not change the path of many least we take their lives.''

William clenches his steel fist. ,,We will subdue the warriors with our fist and gulid the wagon back to Oasis.''

Runtik talks with a fast high pitched voice. She turns back to the warriors to look at the pack. ,,You will be hunted killed as the rebal human gladiators. Many around will come find you to kill.''

,,Let them die,'' says Guile. He sniffs. He looks to the Rise and steps. ''Need to go away. Leave this desert.''

Another baby cries, and a few worgs bark. Three then four of the warriors walk to the wagons. Many shout. ,,YOU MOVE! YOU MOVE!'' 

Whips snaps and chains rattle. Oxgoblins bluster and moan. Worgs bark them along. The caravan moves to the rise. 

More babies cry.

,,Let die,'' says Giule. He sniffs and walks to the cart. 

Kirra nods. ,,Goblins.'' She walks to the cart.

Bags of water and trail mix lay flat and soaked. Glass boxes of water lay smashes in pools and glass shards.

,,The tarp,'' says Kirra. She kneels and folds the tarp.

Runtik steps and smirks. ,,You buy enough food to cross desert.''

KIrra kneels. ,,We bough enough.'' She pulls a sack of oats and water bags. ''How far to Oasis?''

Runtik grabs a water sack. ,,Twenty miles.''

,,We sleep there tomorrow.'' Kirra opens water sacks and fills water skins. 

The pack fills water skinns and stuff back swith food. Spear carries a sack of food and water. Kirra and William carry a sack each. The water sack over William's shoulder presses plates on shoulder and back digging into flesh.

Kirra ties the tarp to back and leads to the rise. Only Myst and Wililam look to the Set and peer for the darkness.

Myst hums and William says, ,,Let Reighn's song be sung while we are away and rid the world of the horrors of those undead.

Silent the pack strides through the night until the morning.

AS the sun rises, William looks at silver hand and asks, ,,What killed them? What rose them from the dead?''

Runtik looks at her scarless thigh that was cut open by the glass cart while humming a quick and fast tune of Reighn. She hums to the words. ,,A fireball of great power burnt their flesh. A raising of dead from the spiritual casters rose the dead. They were after you.''

,,You have no proof-'' begins to talk william, but then is stopped by the laugh of Runtik.

Runtik laughs and squeek likes the word, ,,Yes.'' Her voice in tone. ''I know what they want. They want you dead.''

William caughs and settles the sack high on shoulder away from the edge. ,,At the cost of hundreds of lives, of the army finding out, of people along the trail knowing of their doom of the wizards.''

Runtik's low sweet voice speeks. ,,You think too human. You believe our battles are hidden. We fight all.''

Guile snorts. ,,Death is for show. Gives us trust to you. Gives us idea of you as savior. Power in trust.'' He feels the ankle pains stomp.

,,The fear the steel hand. The fear as much as I felt with the death and undead. The undead and destruction dosn't scare they casters. It excits. It is nature.''

Spear says, ,,After oaiss, you are free to leave.'' 

Kirra sniffs. ,,Leave now.''

Guile spits. ,,Killed her when we had chance.''

,,Then we would be dead if not for the Runtik,'' sasy Myst. And Myst hums.

The hums speaks their talks for the walk along the wide desert floor.

The pack walks until the sun rises to a a small bowl of rock that dips the flattens to a smooth falt ground. The sides rise to the rise and set, and stone like natural briks stack from the ground to the wall.

Caravans spread over the ground. Wood carts and a twenty oxgoblins wander around tent and leantos. People unload the wagons and fill water skins. A few people play with worgs, and worgs run and jump.

Kirra says, ,,We camp away. We sleep. We leave.'' She lead them to a rock wall and throws down the food bag. ''Sleep here.''

William and Spear open the tarp and create a leanto.

They sleep in the shade through the day keeping watch.

Spear and Kirra ten William and Guile watch through the day and part night at the other camp.

The other camp settles during the day with a few watching the pack until darkness.

Once darkness falls, the caravan and the pack eat, shit and leave the camp area. The two only passing with glares and stares as the caravan rolls to the Set.

The pack walks the night to the Rise. They walk through 

(Blah, blah, blah...they get there...)

Smoke rises along the horizen.

The step over the rise to see tents, pavillousn, wooden shakes and stone buildings span over flat sand stone. The sand stone slopes like shallow bowl with slow slope that leads to a tall stone wall. Along the sand stone slope, people, worgs and army walk between the

,,Oasis,'' says Runtik.

The pack leaves the camp and the caravan with a few stares. A couple worgs play near the camp. Guile seens a mental shout of fright, and the two worgs run to the camps. A few warriors watch as the pack rolls to the Rise.

The road spans flat with sand and stand stone. Brush and small stubby trees caste over the lands. Small hills rise along the horizons and near the road.

Before the moon rises from the Rise, moon light shines caste shadows of groups and flames and fires. The fires are first seen as dots and spread over the land.

The pack walks, and Runtik says, ,,The workers building the aquiducts from Oasis to Gnomsidy. They spread the road and will begin to make posts along the road for supplies and the army. Most the workers you will see will either be white sheets or lower ranking warriors. The warriors from the front return here. This is the work.''

,,Where they get the stone?'' says Spear. ''The water?''

,,They carve the stone from drums through the Canyon of Ringtik. The oxgoblin haul the carved stone along the Ringtik road that meets with the highway and the primary aquiduct. Then they huul the stone over the desert a hundred miles to Oasis. The water comes from aquiducts and washes coming from the Watch Mountain Range, the drum of Ringtik and the Dome of Tyrinium.''

William peers at the lights twinkle in the distance and sees a group standing by robe a stones throw away. ,,How far from Oasis?''

,,We walk twenty more miles,'' says Runtik.

,,Who rules,'' says Kirra.

,,In the desert the soldiers rule where there are no constibles. Oasis has some constibles. The constibles are out number due to the construction,'' says Ringtik. She pulls up on the back of oats letting it shag over shoulder. The First Robe of Oasis was a general.''

,,And those goblins on the horizon?'' says Kirra.

,,An eight or sixteen of soldiers stand for a check point,'' says Runtik.

,,Check us?'' say Guile. He smirks. ''Hate without the green goblins skin. Can we avoid this goblin infested area.'' He sees to Runtik from the Pain Trust the Love's Mind Trust. >You feel the Mind Trust of Love?< 

The Love Trust purrs through their minds and spans over the desert.

,,What is called Ringtik,'' says Guile.

,,It is said a ring sounds when the wind blows,'' says Runtik.

The wind gusts and dust blows. All cover their mouths and walk the dark.

Fires and smoke rises from torches and camp fires. Torches burn from tall posts along the road and caste light on scafolding and stone walls and workers halling and lifting. The fires caste over face staring, pots of stew and wagons, tents and lean-toos spaning from the road to the Rise, Wax and Wane.

The closes sihlouettes stand near a dim torche and a black box. A big fire burn beyond the box, the six of two outhuds. Worgs sihlouettes pace around the fire. A few goblins naked with only white sheets follow the worgs.  
 
Myst hums. ,,Shall we tell them of the death we seen? Shall we warn them of the-'' 

 ,,NO,'' says Runtik a little loud. Her voice lowers. ''We get through check point. We keep quiet. We know nothing.''  

Guile sniffs and lowers the cloths over mouth. ,,Read our minds.'' 
 ,,They may read,'' says Runtik. She says loud, ,,I am Runtik of Lovetik. These are my warriors. They fight in the pits of Oasis.''

A large soldier wearing a red breast plate and black leather armor stand taller than Spear and steps to the road and says, ,,You enter Oasis Drum. You will stand as we search.''





