Inle pulls scarf from mouth and clicks and clacks with Grile as they pull a canvas bunlde from their cart. He shouts, ,,Sun is near zenith!''

Kirra stacks sacks of grain under the handles as William pulls the tarp from cart top. They spread the canvas over the cart, the poles and at an angle.

The sun rises and burns.

William's neck feels hot and looks red as he slides under the hot shade.

Shade cools and calm the heat. The heat radiated from the sand, the air, the sky.

Under the caravans tarp they lie. They lie with packs surrounding compact encampments. 

The compact encampments span around as a few more groups with carts and oxgoblins roll to a stop and pitch a lean to and a pavilion. A few packs lift long canvass to span to a pavilion. People walk to and from talking an sitting in sand. The stare through the shadows under the tents and at the wagons. People sleep, drink and eat.

One person is round as a barrel and short as Guile with muscles pushing from white and tan robes.

Inle says as he speads grain before the two oxgoblins. ,,It is now time for sleep and food. This is a small train, but a train.''

William pulls his bundle of armor under the cart then crawls under the small shade at the edge of the overhang. ,,And what do we need to do to join this train?''

,,You help protect. You listen to the carvan's First,'' Inle gances from the oxgobins to the Rise and at the barrel chested man. 

William pushes his armor under the bed of the cart the grabs the open water container. ,,And who choses the First of the Train?''

Inle kneels into the shade and bets the oxgoblins. ,,The First is the leader of the largest caravan. The First will tell you to leave. The First's friends and possibly other's of the train will help you leave.

Kirra snorts and kicks sand under and at the edge of the top. ,,Free.'' She snorts.

Inle looks to the ground and watches grain fall from and to pile by eating oxgoblins. ,,First's are not to be trusted. They are to be respected.'' He looks from the falling grain and looks at Kirra. ''You learn the people who become trains and First. They are large business people wanting to show their might and power while trying to spread their worth with acts to the community.

The last bits of grian fall from inle's hand. 

Inle looks from Kirra. ,,Be away and be ready to leave the train.''

Spear pushes another pile of sand along the edge of the trap and feels on starring at him. He turns to see...

The barrel chested. short, person One person is round as barreld and short as Guile with muscles pushing from white and tan robes. ,,Trainers,'' he breathes. He lumbers looking under the tents. He pulls the scarf around head away from mouth and talks. He steps between the two encampments of the pack and Inle.

Inle nods and says, ,,Pullik.''

Pullik slaps wide chest and wipes sand from hand and extends it to Inle. ,,Inle is here. I see you ride with Grile.''

Grile lays under the pavillion with head resting on oxgoblin's stomach.
 
Inle grabs Pullik's hand and they shake. ,,You pull Hordrik Muchtik's load.''

Pullik stands and puts hands on hips. ,,I pull for Loostik. Loostik bought Hordrik Muchtik's business.''

Inle visor's hand against brow and peers into the dark. ,,You first of most the train.''

Pullik nods. ,,I am the first.'' He smiles. ''We have twenty warriors.''

Inle smiles. ,,You have how many wagons?''

,,I have ten wagons. They are wood wagons.'' Pullik nods head and glances at the pack and the cart.

Inle says, ,,You let us ride with train?''

Pullik presses hands on hips and nods. ,,You ride with us. You eat. You drink.'' He lift hand and slaps side of Inles shoulde. ''You FIGHT.''

Dust puffs from hand and shoulder.

William crawls and steps from cart. 

Spear and Kirra stop the piling of sand and step to be back to back with hands on short sword hilts.

Guile sleeps. 

Myst hums. Her song sings around William.

William hums the slow song with long says, ,,Can't be goog when thought bad?'' He stands a full head above Grile and Pulltik and extends hand. ''I am William Westmore. I travel to the Rise for adventure and a new life. We travel to find our way from Gnomsidy to the other side.'' He looks at Pulltik. ''May we travel with the train?''

Pullik glances at William with hands on hips the steps to side to face William. ,,You tell of your good.''

,,We cary water and trail mix. We have part for the cart. We have a few weapons to defend.'' William stares and Pulltik.

Pulltik stares then looks at Spear and Kirra; Myst and Guile. He steps to the cart and pushed back to the tarp then pulls the tarp over the top. He nods head and looks at Inle. ''You know William.''

,,We ride from the gate quarter day. The big one is a gladiator. Grisle calls him It Is Spear. They say they are three free gladiators and a priest of Rieghn. The short flappy one is quiet.''

Pulltik extends hand and opens hand to a palm. ,,I am Pulltik. I am first of the train. You pull behind.''

William grabs Pulltik's hand, and they shake.

Pulltik pulls hand steps back. ,,We move at night.'' He steps and nods at Inle and then steps from between the two carts and to a few carts a few strides away. 

William says, ,,I think you for your words to Inle which may have allowed us to remain with the train. I can only hope to show instead of tell you of my graditute.''

Inle pulls a rope tied to the wagon and tarp then throws the tarp back. ,,You sleep. We journey during dark.''

Spear drips sweat and steps to Inle. ,,You do not command.'' He step next to Inle and looks down. ,,You are not a first.''

,,Inle,'' shouts Pulltik. 

Spear blows sweat from nose, and sweat hits Inle.

Inle looks from Spear to William. ,,William, your friend will die alone in a desert.''

William says, ,,My friend will not die alone. He will die with the pack.''

,,Spear,'' says Kirra. ''Sleep. I watch. Drink water.''

Inle steps and grabs the tarp and pulls the rope to tied. ,,I see the first about you being human.''

Willam steps and puts a hand on Spear's should. ,,We are human.''

Spear shrugs it off, ducks and crawls into the shadow.  
 
All drink water. All eat grain. All piss in a container and shit in a a bag.
 
Spear  burps and lays short sword by side with hand hond hilt. He sleeps.

The snore of Spear flows with Myst's humm that hums to a snore. Their snores create a snore song that stirs guile. Guile pulls hood over head, but the song flows through Guile and feels his head with disonance that disrupts a purr. 

Guile feels the purr spread through pain and body and spread breeze until the sore cause the pain in hankle, hunger. Guile snorts and sweats. 

Sweat drips fom noses and writes, ankle and legs. Sweat soak into leather and gotton. Sweat coats skin and is burned away by the sun.

The sun shines bright make the sand a white that blind when starred.

William follows squints, lays and sleeps hearing Myst's snore calm the mind and create a song of sting for him to dreams.

The sweat and snoring spread to Willaim.

Kirra sits, stand and walks around the cart under the sun.

The sun shines bright and hot upin her hands. The glass shines sun beams and burns. The sand sizzles.

Kirra walks around the cart once the ducks under hte tarp and the shade into the snorring.

,,Kirra,'' says Inle. 

Spear sways, grabs short hilt.

Kirra says, ,,Spear sleep.''

Spear snores and halds short sword hilt with head slumped.

Inle needs in the sun and by Kirran. He wave from her to him and points near the pavillion. ,,We stand and talk from the sleep.''

Kirra grabs a dagger and steps from the shadow into the sun. Her feet warm on the sand.

The white hot sand spreads to canopies and pavillions, leatos and tens spread around. A few wides steps span between the encampments. A few hugoblins walk around encampents and one stands outside. In the shadows, people sleep, eat and inspect wheels, ropes and bags.

Inle ducks and lowers under hte short pavillion and knees to a knee.

Kirra walks from the shade toward Inle. She holds dagger and stands under the sun.

,,You pleas enter the shade. I see you sweat. I get hot.'' He stesp back and stands near his oxgoblins. 

Kirra grabs the dagger and ducks and knells at shadow's edge.

Inle grabs a water skin and drinks a swig then hold the watersking before Kirra.

Kirra looks at Inle and sweats. ,,Talk.''

Inle lest the waterskin fall before Kirra. ,,You drink if you want. I speak to you. I spoke with the First.'' His voice clicks a bit after each word the talks to smooth surface talk. ''First wants two of the warrors in your wagon to be part of the Set guard. The first doesn't trust humans. He hates elves. Your pointed ears scare him.'' Inle shakes head. ''He knows William. He has seen William fight in the pits, and he doesn't trust you cart, but need the warriors. My word meant something, but...'' Inle inhales. ''You will be asked to put two on guard duty during the walk at nights. You are new. you are human. You have much to prove.''

Kirra nods.

Inle says, ''You two warriors will be with other a few fighters of First and a few other warriors from other wagons. I will walk with your cart during the night.'' He glances at Kirra' dagger then stares with Kirra. ''You appear to guard during the night.'' He kneels to knees then sits on butt. ''It is during the day when they steal. It is during the night when they kill.'' Inle lays head on the stomach on the oxgoblin. ''You should ask you priest if she can caste a spell for alorm of the good. You watch you back during the day. The train will protect, but you are human.''

Kirra steps, stands and walks a few steps over hot sand to her shade. She sits and watches.

The sun rise to the zenith then lowers to the set. Between the zenith and set, Kirra wakes William.

William yawns and stretches. ,,Any thing exciting to tell to maybe cool the day?''

Kirra says, ,,Inle talk with First. Says two warriors to guard the back. Two of us. It is s a trust things. Humans are not trusted.'' 

William shrugs shoulders and nods. ,,We have three wars. We have another two that have seen a bigger battle than most in the train. If our wagon rides near the end of the train then the two warriors will be close.''

Kirra shrugs shoulders and nods head back.

William says, ,,Sleep, Kirra, and I will watch the cart and the sun.''

Kirra lays. Kirra sleeps. Kirra snores.

The snores fall into different paces and volumes create a song of snores with Myst's snore being the lead and the loudest. 

William watches the shadows. He sits and stairs and cleans swords and armor.

The shadows stretch, connect and cover the white hot sand.

As the sun touches the Set horizons, people begin to talk, oxgoblins begin to rise and tents begin to fall.

William says, ,,Spear.''

And Spear's snore stops. Kirra opens eyes, but keeps her snore then stop snore.

Kirra stretches and grabs her dagger and stands to flap her robe clean. She glaces and Inlde an Grile.

Inle and Grile sleep. Their oxgoblins snort and shutter.

Kirra kneels near Spear. ,,Spear.''

Spear looks at Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,Inle says the first wants two warriors to help guard the back. Doen't trust us. Doesn't trust humans.''

Spear snorts.

Kirra stands and pulls on the tarp over handles. ''William says we ride cart near back.'' She pulls the tarp rm the piles of sand.

Sand sprays over Myst. 

Myst feels the sand and feels the loss of Kirra's and Spear's snores and wakes with a hum.

the hum spreads to show the people moving.

Myst rolls and shake Guile.

Guile wakes, says, ,,Water. Food.''

Kirra says to Spear, ,,I will pull the cart by the end of the train. Willaim and Spear will guard the end of the train. The first has requested.''

,,Pulltik.'' Guile sniffs. ''Pulltik spoke here.''

,,Inle,'' says Kirra. ''Pulltik called Inle to speak. 

Guile snorts and brushes sand from robes. ''Inle.'' he looks at jug thirsty.

All drink water. All eat grain. All piss in a container and shit in a a bag.

They pack the cart, and Kirra holds the handles.

Then Inle and Grile wake as their oxgoblins snort and shake to a stand.

Inle clicks and clacks with Grile as they break down their pavillion, hitch the oxen and check the load before the first cart begins to move.

Oxgoblins snort and bluster. They clomp their hoves then pull carts and hual loadds.

The carts roll.

The train moves.

Kirra grabs the cart poles and pulls the cart.

Inle and Grile mount the oxegoblins, and Inle says, ,,We journey at night and beak for camp when the sun has cleared the plane. There will be four guard watches. One to the rise, to the wax and wane and the Set.''

The pack nods and walks with the train and a quick pace, and William says, ,,Kirra said Pulltik has requested two warriors from our cart help protect.''

Inle says, ,,Kirra speaks the truth. Pulltik will be coming through soon with the guard to set teh guard then lead the train. He will also begin to positin the carts around his carts to protect his interest, but also to protect the train as a whole.''

Myst hums to say, ,,By what grace does Pulltik be the first for a train. It sings to be to be stressing song on anytone without spiritual or monitary adavantage.''

,,The guard,'' says Inle. ''The guard.''

And Pulltik walks throgh as the sun bottom touches the tip of the horizon to the Set.

Three hugoblins wearing thick leather jacket and pants with a tight leather coifs walk behind Pulltik. They hold short swords and small shields.

PUlltik steps to William. ,,You give two warriors to help guide the rear until Oasis. Other carts and caravans take guard after Oasis.''

Kirra says, ,,William and Spear will guard.''

Pulltik grins and looks past William to Kirra.

Kirra grabs the poles of the cart and pulls behind a wood cart.

William grabs his armor bundle.

Spear grabs his short sword.

PUllit and the three warriors walk to the Set 

They follow Pullti past three more wagins, seven more oxgolbins and hugoblins.

A huge dog with no hair and black skin snarls huge teeth at Spear and William.

The hugoblin in a desert suit with goggles hanging around neck says, ,,Snarltik hates humans.''

Pulltik pets the huge dog beast. He says, ,,Worgs hate humans.''

The worg clicks and clacks with tongue, mouth and snout.

The hugoblins standing near clicks and clacks with the worg.

The worg snarls.

Spear raises a shorts swords and...

William puts a hand on Spear's shoulder. 

Spear lowers the shower sword and look at hand on shoulder.

William lowers the hand.

Pulltik steps along the cart and a twenty steps from the back of the train to the Rise. 

Six hugoblins walk in a wide row. Three wear leather armor and three wear leather armor and chain mail. All carry short swords and small shields.

Pulltidk start walks back ward a few steps from teh row of six. ,,The huams walk on the Wax wing twenty stesp away. Seetik, Helptik, Guardtil was twenty steps from the Wane. We walk pace.'' He turns and walks to the Rise.

Spear walks Wax, and William follows with his bundle of armor. 

William ties rope of bundle around belt and put rope voer shoulder to hang bundle from back.

They step in line and walk. 

William's armor shuffles a bit and scrapses with the bluster and squeeky wagon wheels of the night.

Spear looks at William.

William steps ten steps from Spear and pulls a leg plate from bundle and straps it to thigh as he walks. He pauses a bit to fasten and fit but the quick steps to meat their pace. 

The armor scarpes and squeeks.

The hugoblins by Spear clicks and clacks.

William straps on thight piece, the ankle braces then the breast plate. He fastens two shoulders plates and shifts around the chain mail while walking in stride with the row. The metal shakes chains and scrapes against metal.

As William fastens Wax shoulder piece, Pulltik shouts out. ,,You are noisey human. You are stupid for wearing the armor. We walk long and far. You tired.''

William grabs waterskin and drinks. ,,I walk more quiet than the wagon wheels, goblin cows and all that talking I heard from the train.'' His voice like a happy call for good times. He taosts with his words like clashing two cups of ale together. ''I will buy you a drink when we reach this oasis.'' He says loud. ''I will buy all a drink if I fall behind while walking in my armor to Oasis.''

Pulltik says, ,,You be quiet. You walk with us. I buy you drink.'' Pulltik click and clacks. 

A hugoblins guard near the center says, ,,You fall with amror on. You buy me drink.''

A few more click and clacks snap across. The snap to silences.

Oxgoblins bluster and snort. The carts squeak. Hugoblins talks with their slight tick.

The row walks a line wider than the width of the train. The row spreads beyond the a hard crust surface to thin crust sand that craack to soft sand. The sand sufrace blows flat to a slight slope rise to the dark horizon.

William and Spear jog light and sink into sand with step sliding and sinking. Their shadow extend far to the end of the train then becom dark.

Dark ness spread. The air cools and a slow breeze blows from Riese to Set. The sand is warm.

The sand slides as they walk.

William hums of a bit. His muscles strain under the sliding sand. The hum sooths a cramp and bunring calves. The hum plays strings in mind. 

Spear walks a  few leaps from William. He holds his swords and hears through the sounds and feels a buzz flow from the sand. He sniffes the the buzz away. 

They walk and jog behind the train.

William says, ,,What do you remember of Love?''

Spear hears William from a fare like he were near. Spear hears the name and feels the pull of mind from the buzz from the ground, the chill of the breeze and the calm of the sand. Spear is pulled from the land in to his mind. Mind thinks of Love. Spear feels his body warm, dick harden and a slow purr spread through body in to mind where he floats. 

,,Spear,'' says William. 

Spear hears then feels the breeze and the sand. He says lound, ,,I don't remember. I feel Love. I feel warm soft skin. I feel rage when I see you. I feel hate and betrayal.'' He steps his path toward William.

Pulltik. ,,You quiet loud talk.''

Willam looks avoer the desert. 

A dark line circles the horizon. 

William stesp twoard Spear.

Spear says, ''I remember fighting and rage. I remember blood and pain fighting. A glory and bliss. I feel the chant of It Is Spear. I feel and smell the nest. I see the hole. I taste the waste we ate. I remember all when the white sheet, but after.'' He steps near with voice calm and low. ''I feel more than remember.'' He looks at Wiliam. ''I feel and remember you with Love. I feel and remembe you cutting throat.''

William feels Spear stare.  He walks quiet for many steps hearing his heat beat like a drum. William says, ,,I remember.'' 

He and Spear walk a few more steps.

William says, ,,I remember the white sheets and the blood. I remember loosing you to that beast you became. I remember jealously.'' He looks at Spear. ''There were many times after when Kirra and I worried for your state and tried to help. We were left alone while you played with Love. And yes, Spear, there are acts and thoughts I have felt in the purr around Love and the mind losing pleasure after. While I don't blame any one but myself for my actions, I know not why I did what I did with Love or with that knife. I feel it was the fighting and the lust making a rage and sorrow far beyond. I want for it to be because Love used us warriors as puppets to gain our minds and kill our souls for some piece of armor that has left a deeper scar on my hand than on my throat.'' William steps near Spear. ''I remember through song and thoughts. I feel anger and rage at you, but I know that rage is fum being enslaved.'' He clenches his steel fist then opens it to a palm. ''We are now free. Free as we can be in a land of goblins. And in the is land of goblin our pack is all that we have, Spear. It is our way to freedom. To make it freedom, Spear, we can not allow the past to twist are emotion.'' He brings both his hands together. ''We must come together.''

His hand clap as his drum like heart beat beats in mind. Then a hum flows through mind. 

Spear inhales warmth and exhales heat. His chest compresses and blows away the feelings of rage, envy and hate. ,,William.'' says Spear. ''We walked through army line. We met to your town. We travelled into the horde. We trained as Rose Warriors. We were enslaved. We are toghter deeper than the mind. But the mind keeps the thoughts I feel. Feeling of hate, doubt and worry for the pack swirl like the tornado when i see you. I fear you.''

William looks at Spear and stesp a few steps before saying, ,,Fear me?''

,,Fear.'' Spear looks around the dark of the horzion.

A dim light shines from the Set.

''I felt it to be confusion, chaos of being that beast. That beast in me. I no memory. Only feelings. One feeling I feel. ...I feel fear. I feel evil William.''

William sighs. ,,Evil,'' he says to self. ''Evil.'' He says at Spear. 

William says, ''I remember being raped and scared. And you Spear, you where with Love. I am sorry for all the past for it can be forgotten, but my rage at you is as deep as your rage at me. This evil you feel, I can not explain. May it be my an evil embedded in me by Love or one I have had. Or an evil coming from the steel hand. I know not of this evil you feel and where it comes, but I know you and the pack I will fight and die. I know if we do not become a pack again we will not live to leave the desert.''

The breeze gust cold. 

Spear and Willam walk together.

The heart beat felt and heard like a drum is sung around a hum that warms William.

The scare of Reighn along William's back burn. 

William hums.

Spear steps from William.

They walk in a wide row. 

William feels the scare burn cool. He hears strings play with his hums.

The song of the string pluck from highscale to low scale until the plucks vibrate the mind. A song lyric of high and soft, long, tones blow like whispering wind through a canyon.

Myst, walking along the cart, hums with steps and breeze. Her sound blows from mouth and vibrates the breeze to warm and coll and surroind. 

Myst's Breeze blows a song loike dancing bells around Kirra. She steps behind the cart and hums a breath and pushing the back of the cart.

The breeze twists and blows around and pushing with Myst. Her hums song carries and pushes the cart.

The cart rolls over foot prints, wheel wells and flat spanning sand.

Kirra pulls the cart. Her feet kick into sand. Her sight focuse on the the cart before.

The cart roll behind the carts and people before. All fall into a steady silent pace. 

A few lights flicker then fade. A few globs shine then dims. Beams of lights glisten from face.

Sweat drops. Sweat spread. Sweat drains.

Guile wipes sweat from face with sleep. He snorts and spits. His ankle jars. He breathes heavy and deep. He coughs and weezes. He wipes sweat. He feel the purr.

The purr spreads through body and become a though sphere.

Guile focuses on ankle pains and spreads the paoni around the purr sphere. Guile squeezes the pains thought around the purr thought.

Thought pain squeezes the purr, and Guile mentally shouts with pain into the purr sphere.

The echo spread into the purr along a thread into swarm of thought. Image of Kirra, sand, oxgoblin swirl and match with smells of rose, oxgobin sweat and pain. A moving images of packing a long trailer full of weaons flashes and flows to an image of sand, William and Grisle. 

Guile sees and feels the images and squeezes the spheres to nothing then thinks of nothing and nothing is except a long strand of though create with emotions of fatique worry and mistrust flow into Guile.

Guile sees and look sthrough the connection to see. 

Guile sees through eyes not his the head of an oxgoblin and a train trailed by hubgoblins and oxgoblins. Gile hears through hears not his own Myst's hum.

The purrs spreads along the thought thread toward Guile, and Guile kicks foot agianst ground.

Ankle pains spreads through Guile, the thought thread and mind.

And Kirra pulls as Inle and Grisle sit on their oxgoblin guiding their long long wagon along the train.

Inle and Grisle sit and stare. Inle hums with Myst a few notes. Grisle huncheos over in seat and stares.

Guile looks at Grisle and Inle he walks near front of cart after many steps and many rolls of wheels.

Kirra pulls and pulls and pulls the carts.

The cart wheels roll over hard crusted sand.

Kirra's feets crack the sand. Her sweat drops to sand. Her eyes close against the sand from a gust.

The song of Rieghn of Myst is hummed and sung with tone. Inles hums along and even Grile pobs with the beat of Mysts soft taps on drum.

The drum tap set pace for Kirra to step without pain, the  oxgoblins to stomp, and the people to move through the desert.

The soft drum beat feels like a heart beat to those around.

Guile feels the heart beat and hears the song sing with the breeze blowing through the hood of the Robe of Reighn. His ankle throbs numb. Guile thinks of pain mazes and flows through them finding a way to the numb and from the minde. Guile glances at Inle and Grile many times, but not long enough for the mind to find some connection and anchor in through for that rope to tie and create a tube of thought to Guile's mind.

Guile jogs with Kirra nad Myst until after a distance and lack of breath Myst' heat thumps match the pace and ease the pain.

Kirra feels the pain and sweats. He feet hit in stride.

Myst feels the song.

Inle taps hums along. Grisle taps along.

Guile steps by Kirra and says quiet. ,,Felt Love's purr long time ago. When start.''

Kirra was walks for many steps.

Guile leans close and says, ''Inle sees. Sees to my mind with Love's Mind Trust.''

Kirra blows sweat from nose. ,,Go silent. Tell William to come pull. I will walk the guard. Tell William when walking back.''

,,Take water,'' says Kirra.

Guile sniffs and nods. He drinks water then fills a water skin dropping a bit of water into the sand. He screws the top of the glass container on top of the sacks. He stands. He waits for the cart to pass and walks to the rise. Guile hears inle.

Inle says, ,,Your friend walks to the Rise to guard. He may find trouble.''

Kirra blows sweat from nose. ,,Guile gets William to pull. I guard.''

Inle nods. ,,You are wise.'' He hums.

Guile hears the hum of Inle and Myst flow with Myst's drum beat.

The drum beat beats with heart.

Guile walks beyond a trailer, covered in hood.

A LARGE DOG BEAST LEAPS AT GUILE.

The large dog beast lands on groud and growls large fangs.

Guile sends a metal shout at the beast. Near the same instance receives an echo of laughter. Near the same instance sees through the laughter a shock to spine.

The large dog beats yelps and steps away from guile. It growls.

Click and clacks Guile hears as, ,,Youtik cometik. Heelik.''

The large dog beast click and clacks. ,,Itik seelik mindtik.''

A voice says with surfce talk. ,,Barktik the worg bites mind flyers.''

Gulie sniffs. ,,Worg.''  He walks past the wagons and anohter Worg walking near three small hugoblins.

He walks from the train and hears Pulltik say, ,,You stop. You talk.''

Guile says, ,,I have water for Spear and William. Tell one to go pull wagon. Another warrior will return.''

Pulltik says, ,,You walk. You talk.''

Guile peers along people.

After nearly a quarter of the night walking in silence with Spaer near, William hears Guile and see's Guil'es silhoutte agains the shining night horizon line. ,,Guile, we walk from here.''

Guile hears and follows the voice seeing first Spear then William through hsi gray night sight.

Spear smells Guile then sees Guile thorugh a gray dark vision. He gribs shorts swords and exhales a rage. His mind wants to strike Guile, but his heart thumps his wide stride to walk by and past.

Guile feels Spear rage and steps to William. He speak near a whisper by William. ,,Come with me. Push the cart. Kirra come guard.'' He holds waterskin before William.

William grabs waterskin, shrugs sholders and nod heads back and walks by Guile. ,,Spear.'' William tosses the waterskin at Spear.

Spear catches the waterskin. He tosses empty waterskin at Guile.

The waterskin hits Guile.

William grabs the waterskin and says, ,,We are to allow Kirra a rest from pulling to the cart. I will pull until tire.''

Spear nods.

Guile sneers. 

William walks toward Pulltik then walks with Pulltik. ,,I will be pulling our cart. Another will return to take my position long this row of the card.''

Pulltik nods. He stares.

Guile sniffs and walks with Willaim toward the carts. ,,Felt the purr.''

William feels the heart thump and calm hum in mind skip strings and pluck. 

''See it come from Inle.''

William clenches fist. 

''What we do?'' says Guile.

Willima walks.

they walk by the worg, and the worg snarls and backs away from Guile.

William says, ,,YOu see into his mind and find where the thought comes. You do what you need to his mind to protect the back.''

Guile nods.

The walk to the cart.

William says loud and stesp by Kirra. ,,KIrra, you have pulled our life source too long. I would like to pull our food along with a song from Reighn and the soothing sounds of Myst.''

Myst taps the drum top.

William says loud and stesp by Kirra. ,,KIrra, you have pulled our life source too long. I would like to pull our food along with a song from Reighn and the soothing sounds of Myst.''

Myst taps the drum top.

INle says, ,,You didn't hear the performance that seems to have all those around riding to the same pace.''

Grile grunt adn focuses pulling knife blade over wet stone.

''It's a quiet a tune you play,'' says Inle. ''I sooths.''

William gribs steel fist. The scar of Reighn burns.

,,William,'' says Myst.

William looks from Inle to Kirra. ,,Kirra, I will pull this load for you are needed to replace me to help guard the caravan.''

They switch, and William pulls the cart.

Kirra grabs an empty waterskin from William and fills it from jug.

Inla hums to says, ,,You drink the water and pee in the canister. He nods at Kirra.

Kirra stares away and grabs an empty piss sack, her goggles and warps. She ties a bundle of cloths and throws waterskin over shoulder.

She walks by the wagons by a worg.

The worg grows and barks.

Kirra pulls short sword from sheath and steps to the work and a short hugoblins.

The short hugoblins pulls the worg away.

Kirra stands and lets the wagon pass then walks.

,,Kirra,'' say Spear.

Kirra follows the voice of Spear to Spear. She tosses waterskin and piss container to Spear.

Spear grabs both and loops then over should and waist. ,,YOu let William feel the lead.''

Kirra walks by Spear. ,,William leads his destiny.''

Spear drinks water, swallows. ,,His destiny.'' He looks away. ''You walk your own path. You still walk to the Rise.''

,,Away from destruction.''

,,Away from Jan. Away from the way.''

,,Yes.'' She looks along the line of walking guards.

The guards walk a row tha spans twice as wide as the train. Each walk about ten leaps from the others. 

Kirra stesp to the Wax and says, ,,Follow few paces away.'' She steps. ''Guile felt a purr in mind.''

,,Guile. Guile feels. Feels fist hit face and the fat hit the ground.'' Spear drinks water.

Kirra snorts. ,,Guile feels the purr from Inle.''

Spear swallows. ,,Love.''

Kirra nods head back then shrugs. ,,You, William talk.''

,,We talked. I don't remember. My mind still wanders. I feel hate. Deep hate for William.'' He looks at Kirra. ''What became of us?''

Kirra walks. ,,You fucked Love. William fucked love. William fucked Lover after Love left you live in nest.''

Spear says, ,,I remember sex. The purr through body, over ther fur. I feel it deep.''

Kirra nods. ,,Purr spread over body many times. Grippled body. Controlled mind. Made a slave. We need the pack to live this dead land.''

Spear shrug shoulders and nods head back.

Spear and Kirra walk, drink water, eat hand fulls of grain and piss each stopping with the other.

The caravan rolls on and their line reamins a row behind.

The breeze blows a bit. And Myst's drum thump feels to sound like a heat beating in chest for a pace.

Myst begins to tap here drum long after Kirra left with Guile and Guile's return.

Myst beats her drum after William pulls the cart silent through the night.

William stares forward, pulls cart and finds meaning in the march. He pulls the cart through cramp and pulling pain. He pulls the cart through questions from Inle leaving the question unanswered except to Guile with a glance or look.

Guile walk, eats, drinks. He shouts to the minds hearing in mind the surface talk of emotions of fear, worry, hate and hunger. Thirst and hunger spread through the people and return in their thoughts. No purr of hivemind is felt by Guile as they walk and William pulls.

William's feet sink into sand and feet slip. His hands go numb and he hums. 

The hums is sung with by Myst and after a time Inle and evern Grile hum along. Then Myst's adds a soft beat.

The beats spreads and finds the beat of the heats and paces the train.

All in the train hear the sound. Many hum, tap and click with her song. 

Guile shouts. He feels and sees mental echoes of calm, focus and hope. His hunger flows full. His thirst swells with liquid. His ankle sooths. He feels no purr, but after a time the need to poop.

,,Shit coming,'' says Guile. ''We stop?'' He looks at William, Myst.

William says loud, ,,Inle. What do you do when you need to deposite waste from within?''

,,YOu needs to shit?'' says Inle. 

William nods, shrugs.

Inle shift ins saddle. ,,it is best to remain with the train. You walk along the edge for the train and to the front. Throw down the shit contianer and hurry up. You should be able to shit before the caravan passes by.''

Guile holds on to the shit containeras walks from Myst and to the edge of the trains. He jogs along the train. 

A few globes flash light. A few worgs bark and growl click. 

Gule walks near the front of the train, drops his shit back, opens and shits.

The train rolls past, and shit plops.

A few of the barking works sniff and wander to Guile.

Guile sees a feeling of frights and falling into the worgs minds. 

The worgs welp and run back to their carts. 

Near the end of the trains, Guile shits, stands and walks through carts following Myst's drum to find Willliam and Myst.

William pulls. Myst sings. Guile walks. 

As the light illuminates the dark night to a dark blue along the Rise horizon, Myst's drums taps to silences, and William speaks.

William says, ,,Guile.'' He sniffs and spits. ''Bring Kirra and Spear food water. Get empty containers. Return.'' He pulls. 

Guile nods, grabs waterskins and two extra shit bags and alks the walkt to the back and wanderst toward Spear and Kirra.

Pulltik shouts, ,,You people are loud.''

Guile sniffs and walks to Kirra and Spear. 

,,William pull,' says Kirra.

Guile mouth breathes and sniffs. ,,He pulls.'' He hold and dnagles the waterskin before Kirra. ''Water, and more shit.''

Spear grabs the watersking and shit bag. He hangs the shoulders traps of his waterskin and shit bag over guile's outstreteched arm. 

Guile walks backward and stumbles. 

Kirra grabs Guile, says, ,,Walk.''

Guile kicks and sand and slides to step. 

,,You feel purr. Love?'' says Kirra.

,,No. No purr purred. No mind. I...Walked. Shouted to minds. Fear and hope felt. Wait until sleep. Enter Insle's mind with dreams.'' Guile yawns. ''How we walk?''

Kirra catch Kirra as he slides and trips over a slow rising wave.

The waves on the outter edge of the marching row rises and lowers with the soft sand that slides and slips. 

Guile pulls away from Kirra and steps to the center. ..Return. Talk with William.''

,,Does he want another to pull?'' says Kirra.

Guile sniffs. ,,No.'' He steps to the center of the rows of guards and the trains.

The sand walks from soft squishing sand to a hard packed sand.

He snaps fingers at the worgs.

The worgs jump.

The breeze gusts wind. Bits of sand sing.

Guile puts goggles over eyes. He walks behind the wagon and tosses the waterskin on the top and hangs the shit sack on back. He puts on his glasses and walks. He hums.

Guile Myst and William walk.

Inle and Grile rise a few leaps away.

Myst hums, but here hum is a flat constant hum spreading sonus silently through the night.

Guile's hum is more is a quick variable violin playing like a fiddle.

Inle hums a bit.

Myst taps finger on drum top.

Inle pace his hum to the hum with Myst soft tap.

Guile hums with Inle and Myst's tap.

William quickens pace with Myst's tap.

The sun feels to rise with Myst's tap.

With Myst's tap and his hum, Guile hums a mental shouts and hums into Inles mind.

Guile's hums like Inle's hum then flows through the surface through of Inle.

Inle thinks the hums, spreads a purr and thinks the thoughts in a mix of Goblins Tongue and Surface Talk.

<Ilik pullik wagontik. Theylik buttil cubelik forlik moneytik. Ilik needtik moneylik,> thinks Inle.

Inle feels cold and calm. His eyes see a hint of light along the horizeon.

The light along the horizon shines.

Inle stares and lets his stare peer beyond the horizon to the light. He sees to the sides. He feels the calm in his hum.

Inle's hums slows and raises with a steady beat of Myst.

Guile slows and hums the hum flow sending back Inle's sight, taste, touch and thoughts.

Guile focuses through the sum and returns the purr.

The purr flows through Inle's mind.

Guile's hum flow through the purr.

Guile feels whispers and comments and feels the purr flow from Inle.

Guile feels the purr flow with the hum and through the hum through his sound.

Guile's mouth hums the begins to purr. His hands go numb. The pain in his ankle sooths and purrs.

guile stomps foot. Ankle pain pops. Guile's hum stops, and he stumble steps over the sand. He grabs the side of the wagon.

The wagons skips a pull.

William looks back. He pulls with one hand and wipes face. ,,I am in need of water, Guile.''

Guile nods and grabs the empty waters skin. He fills waters skin spilling a bit of water and walks by William. ,,Water.''

William shakes sweat from forehead. ,,I should have removed my armor before taking the pull from Guile.''

Guile unscres the waterskin top and lifts the bag and nosle to William's mouth.

William drink and drinks then nod' sheac back.

Guile lowers the waterskin. ,,Hungry?''

,,I ate my feel of that trail mix while walking guard.'' He glances at Giule's sihlouetted traced against the light blue of the Rise horizon.

,,Eats heavey,'' says Guile. He screws cap to the top.

William says calm and quiet. ,,You see anything.''

,,Seen a friend.'' He looks at William. His gray sight flows to a light with color and darkness. ''Seen to the friend. Felt the purr.''

William nods. 

Myst hums. 

Guile walks by William.

The breeze whips and a steady wind blows. Sand stings.

Without asking, Guile lifts William's goggles over eyes.

The wind blows through the train and sand gusts.

A few drums quiet and alm. Oxen bells ring. 

The wind blows from the train and past the row of eight guards.

Spear and Kirra walk to the far Wax. 

They walk. Kirra squats to piss then chase after Spear. Spear stands and pises. They boths stop for the other.

They stare over the horizon seeing only flat darkness and a bright horizon to the rize.

The sun rises and as the sun tip shines from the plane. And when a shadow nearly castes, Pullitk speaks.

Pulltik says, ,,We walk until sun clear of plane. We camp in a circle. We cycle guard shift from our caravns. I take final time before the night. I need time to organize the train. We guard in twos. Two guards of two caravans guard near rear. There are night of us. We seperate in four quarters. We watch. We sleep.'' Pulltik walks for a bit then says loud, ''They attack near mid of night or light. They attack during the change of light. We must be aware.''

A few guards click and clack.

Kirra hears...

,,Theylik attackik whereflik,'' says one guard.

PUlltik says, ,,They attack near Gnomesidy. They attack between Gnomsidy and Oassis. They attack in Oasis.''

The line walks quiet. 

The train walks with the sun as the sun rises.

As the sun rises, the wind blows from the wax and from the Rise. The wind twirls. 

The warroios and people pull one their goggles.

The goggles shade the bright sun.

The bright sun rises as they walk. it rises, and the bottom touches the top of the land horizon. 

Sn shines shadows long and flat over the desert. 

Pulltik shouts. ,,WE STOP. WE CIRCLE. WE CAMP.''

The shouts spreads. 

A few warriors jog from the line and follow the shout into the train.

William hears the shout and slows walk and look saround.

Myst stops her tap of drum. 

Inle's oxgoblin blusters. Inle pulls on reighns. Grisle follows.

The wheels of the wagons all slow to stop. Feet and hooves stomp in place then settle in the sand.

,,We camp,'' says Inle as he dismounts. He drops the reighns and pulls tarp rolls from the cart top. He clicks and clacks aiwth Grisle. 

Grisle begins poke and hammers polesinto ground...

William watches and holds the poles. ,,Guile. We need Spear and Kirra hear to help unload. Will you seek them for the good of the pack and my arms.''

Myst says, ,,I will seek our friend to return for help.''

Guile snorts and grabs a canvas and pulls.

William looks at Myst. He shakes sweat from forehead. ,,You...'' He looks at Myst face. ''Beware of the big ugly dog along the way.''

Guile pulls on the tarp and a shit sack falls to ground. ,,A worg. Is a worg.''

Myst hums and walks.

Myst's hum sings a path between wagons, oxgoblins and hugoblins. The notes play a scene of stakes being hammerine into sand, food being ate and globes hanign from the sides of wagons.

Oxgobins are unhitched and guided to lay on ground, drink water and heat trail mix like the mix with the same shape as ate by Myst.

A few worgs chase a stalkey hugoblins arond a long wagon. One worg glances at Myst, but chase the other around.

Myst follows the song from the train and twoard five men walking into the trains circle.

,,Myst,'' says Spear. 

Myst hums. ,,I bring the song for the light and the wind.''

the wind whips. Sand sprays.

,,We walk to the cart,'' says Spear. ''Will you walk with us?''

,,I will find the way with song and try to float with it,'' says Myst.

Kirra smirks and shrugs shoulders.

They walk through the camp and to William standing with cart.

Guile pulls a sack from the top of cart and drags it toward Willim. Sweat drips, and he mouth breathes.

Spear walks to Guile grabs the sack, lifts Guile's sack and tosses it under the pole.

Spear and Kirra stack grain sacks under the cart pole until William can rest the handles on top.

Guile, myst and William create the tapestry tent around the poles. 

Spear and Kirra fill waterskins.

Kirra says, ,,Pulltik command two take two shifts. Eight shifts watches. WE watch from our cart. He come check.''

William nods. ,,Where there words of when and how would watch?'' 

Kirra says, ,,He spoke of walking through. Telling.

Inle and Grile create the pavillion and lay their oxgoblins.

As Grile lays haed on the stomach of his oxgoblins, Inle says, ,,I will take watch of guard if you need rest.'' He steps from under the shade of the pavillion and poinst back to the his laying oxgoblins. ''I rode Loadlik all this day. I would be happy to help.''

William lays a sack of trailmix on the edge of the tarp stretched over the desert ground. ,,I do thank you for your offer to help our burden ot the train.'' He looks from the sack to Inle and steps toward Inle to a stand with hands on hips. ''I would like for this day and some days to come to show Pulltik we are willing to give to the guard.'' He clenches fist.

Inlse nods. ,,You are wise.'' Insle grins showing thick pointed goblinkin teeth. ''We will then be thankful for you guard as we sleep.'' He ducks unt the shade of the canopy.

William grabs another sack. Guile easts. Myst sits under the tarp, and Kirra kneel and drinks water loosing sight over the planes. ,,Pulltik speak attacks near Gnomsidy and Oasis. he say rise, set, mid light and night attacks come. Sleep light.''

Giule lays on side. ,,Sleep now.''

Inls says as he lays head on Oxgoblins. ,,You may share shade of our canopy of you desire.'' He lays a wrap over head. 

William peers and glances at Guile. 

Guile yawns and pulls hood over faces.

Myst hums her self to sleep.

Kirra and Spear eat oats and drink water. Kirra says, ,,Sleep William. We take the watch.'' She looks at Spear. ''You pull tonight.''

They look at the ther and spear says loud spraying oats and dried bits of food. ,,I pull all night!''

William smiles and looks at Spear. 

Spear looks away. 

William leans agians the cart sitting upright in armor. He feels the armor edge setting in the leather and skin. The chains setting. William sleeps.

As William sleeps Pulltik's shadow castes over the tarp and cart. He feet stand near. ,,You have guard.'' He kneels and looks under the tarp. ''You walk around the cart and sit.''

Another shadow span, body kneels.

The body is of a hide covered hugoblins with a big head and broad chest carrying club.

Pulltik nods at the other hugobins. ,,Grilltik kneels next to me. She is First when I sleep.''

Kirra nods. ,,When guard?''

Grilltik nods at Kirra. ,,YOu guard first light.'' She nods at Spear. ''You guard second light.'' She stands.

Pullitks stands, and they both walk way.

Kirra waits until the step to a distant trailer.

A worg runs to Grilltik and runs around. Grilltik slaps the worg's head a couple time and talks with the people.

the sounds of talk blow awayh with a gust.

Kirra stands. ,,Sleep. I watch.''

Kirra watches the first watch

During the first watch, Kirra stands, walks and sits. She walks around the cart and peers through the people and desert.

The people finish pitching tents, leantos and small canopies. They eat, drink, shit and piss. A few look through their carts and wagons shifting glass wood boxes. A few chase works around their camps. Other's catch the piss of peeing, sleeping oxgoblins. People sleep.

Kirra stands, walks around the cart and sits in the shade. As the sun reaches quarter zenith, Kirra sse Grilltik walk through and around the carts and the oxgoiblins of the train the meanders to Kirra.

Grilltik walks along the train to Kirra.

,,Spear,'' says Kirra.

Spear sits, sleeps with lean against the cart by William. He opens eyes. He raises short sword and knife and stands and squints.

The sun shine bright and hot.

''Guard,'' says Kirra.

Spear grabs wrapps from shade and wraps cloth wraps around chest while looking at Grilltik.

Grilltik says, ,,You guard until sun above.''

Grilltik looks at Kirra. ,,You sleep and drink water.'' She smiles and walks from the cart.

Spear says, ,,I pull the cart all tomorrow night. No more guard.''

Kirra nods, sits, leans back on cart and closes eyes. She lays short sword over lap and hand hodling dagger to her side between her and Wiliam.
William breathes a weeze.

Guile snores with Myst.

Myst's snore's play slong bassline song with the wind then the breeze then the host sun shining heat over the people. The snore flows with the breathes and wheezes of the sleep mass.

A crying baby calms and barking worg queits.

Spear walks around the cart and peers over the desert sands.

The desert sand span flat with waves flowing around. A few shadows castes from the curls and licks of sand.

Spear walks around the cart then spans the walk around Inle and Grile's long and wide wood wagon.

The path leads by  two carts with a tarp spanning between the two. Three hugoblins, one worg and three oxgoblins sleep under the tarps. Around three cart camp and a one cart camp Spear walks around and back to the pack cart and sits. He sits, drinks, walks and stands.

The sun reaches the zenith.

Spear sees Pulltik walk by carts. She says, ,,You sleep Spear.''

Spear nods. He crawls under the canopy, rolls to back and lays arms holding daggers to his size.

He closes eyes and sees a deep red and hears the snore of myst.

The snore of Myst vibrates through Spear's head and vibrates colors of dark that fade to sleep. The snore vibrates away a purr that purrs through the pack as they sleep.

Guile feels the purr and lets the purr consume the mind until Myst's snore dreams it away to Guile's mazes. 

The maze of Guile spreads with Myst's snore to flow away the purr in the pack's minds.

The pack dreams of an open plane of soft snore and drum beats keeping them together through the open maze of the desert.

Before the sun lowers to the dark, Myst wakes. 

Snores or people sing around the pack. Inle and Grisle snore. People in sleeping under tarps and large cavnases snore. 

A work barks like a whip crack howl shout.

The pack wakes.

the snores stops of the trainers around quiet and stop.

The sun shines bright light as it castes shadows.

From the shadows feels to flow a purr. BEfore the purr can feel through mind or give reason for thoughts, a voice shouts. 

PUllitk shouts, ,,YOU WAKE TO WALK FOR THE SUNS.''

,,Love purrs our dreams,'' says Guile after waking to begin the second night with the train.

Kirra glances at Inle and Grisle. 

William stretchs arms and stands. His armor slides and scrpes. His breast plates settles with chain mail. ,,I dream of nothing but the snore song of Myst.'' He yawns.

Spear stands and stretches arms up with a roar. ,,Let them feel my rage.''

Kirra sits and looks at Guile. ,,You find. You kill.'' She stands. ''William. You, I walk guard.'' 

,,I pull cart,'' says Spear. He lifts a bag on the tarp. ''I pull all night.'' He toses the bag onto the cart.

,,We go silent.'' Kirra grabs a bag of trailmix. ''We feel and look for purr.'' She looks at Guile. ''Kill it.''

She grabs a pag and throws it on top.

The pack packs the cart and fills the water skin. They empty their poop into an empty trailmix bag. 

Myst hums and rolls the tarp; moves some bags and feels waterskins.

The pack eats, drinks and packs. They roll with the train.

Inle nods and talks loud of the morning and asks how the pull of the cart goes. 

Spear grabs the pole and pulls.

Kirra and William walks guard the entire night with Guile bringing them water and bring an extra pis back. He brings them food taking the path by the worgs. 

The worgs yelp and play dance as Guile nears and passed; Guile says, ,,Goodlik Lighttik youtik,'' in goblins.

The hugoblins wave and nods. The words click and clakc with the owers.

Guile feels no pur during the waslk to William and Kirra or when walking with Spear.

One night and light passes. They walk, eats, drink. They shit, piss, sleep. Myst snores, and the snore spread sooths. 

Two more caravans join the train. One caravan has three carts and four oxgoblins. One carccan has two carts and four oxgoblins with three worgs barking along.

Two night and light pass, and Grilltik tells the pack they only need one guard during the day. Guile and Myst take a shift for the next four days, while Kirra, William and Spear guard and pull the cart during the night.

The cart rolls over the hard flat sand road. Pieces of wood and glass chunks of tires and axles litter the side of road. The side of the road contract and expand with wind swept waves the brush to the distance. 

In the distance, smoke raises and a few sihlouettes camp of people and carts lay from the side of raods.

The train rolls along to the fifth night.

A cart wheel breaks mid way through the night. 

Myst sings and hums. Her hand heats and mends the wheel and the roll on before the rear guard passes. The cart rolls.

Four night and lights pass with eating, drinking, pulling and guarding the only events. There is some small talk with Inle during the morning and night, but the talk is spoke short with grunt, nods and curt replies from the pack. 

The pack feels the purr during the sleep of the ninth light. 






