Guile feels his heart thump. A sting of pain pokes with each pump.

LovteKitLkoi sees to Guile. >Kill it with your mind.< Guile feels his body vibrate like a cats purr.

The pain in Guile's ankle becomes a tickle. The ache in Guile's muclses become a numb. Guile's sore joints massage and rub. The heart sting remains with each pump.

Guile pushes to a kneel. ,,Glij Jo plob.'' He coughs, wipes spit on white sheet.

>|You see with surface talk,< sees Love to Guile's minds. She steps to the cornor of the room stands. She pulls a cloth from a pocket on hip and holds it before nose.

Guile wipes mouth and looks at Love. >Please.< He breathes and closes mouth. >|Troll Death Moan strong. Weak. Kill with sound.< Guile rises and kneels on needs before Love. >|Help you. Teach you. Want. ...I want to live.<

Love steps around Guile, steps over Guile's urin puddle and over the robe of Reigh. >You kill it, sees, Love.< She crouches on the Robe of Reighn and lowers chest and
 breats near Guile.

Guile sniffs snot. He looks at breat's and Love's body.

They stare.

>Guile, open you mind for me,< sees Love.

Guile looks at Love. His mind thinks of space and a piont of light.

Love sees in her mind the point of light in Guile's mind.

Guile feels a residue of thought fill his mind with his thought internal. He thinks, <To stop. This isn't going to be. Don't think. Think beyond the dark that surrounds the body and mind's eyes. ...> 

A cold feel flows from Guile to Love.

Love sees the light dot in Guile's mind. She covers the light with a black mental mass.

They stare. 

Guile drools over lip and cheek. His eyes stare the void.

Love stands and sees, >You need to show the Troll Moan Through your mind.< She wipes her heels on the Robe of Reighn. >|You kill it. I will feel.<

Love steps into the dim shining wall.

Guile stands to feet and stumble falls against the wall. He punches the wall. Fist shocks pain. He holds fist, sits and looks at the chained goblin.

The chained goblin breathes fast, rattles chains and stares at Guile. It's claws grab the Robe of Reighn and pulls.

Guile reaches grabs the Robe of Reighn and pulls.

The goblins pulls.

They tug.

The robe stretch.

Guile's grips slips from the Robe of Reighn.

Guile feels his heart thumb ping pain. He grips chest. Sweat beats. He releases the hold of the robe.

The goblins rolls to the wall. The blanket wraps around. The goblins rolls near a plate of food.

Guile sits and stares at the goblins.

The goblins puts face in Guile's potatoes and lamb. It sticks tongue between chain and mouth. It bites with chain. Its big black eyes peer at Guile.

Guile stares at it's eyes. Black covers his sight. Guile hears the click and clack thoughts echo through mind, span around the room.

The goblin stares and holds. Bits of food fall from mouth.

Guile feels the click and clack thoughts siience in mind. He feels the chains. He opens and closes mouth.

The goblin opens and tries to clse mouth, but bits on chain in mouth.

Guile opens and closes his mouth.

The goblin opens and tries to close mouth, but bites the chain in mouth.

Guile opens mouth wide.

The goblins opens mouth wide.

Guile slams teeth together, opens wide and repeats.

The goblins bits and bits. Teeth break. Black blood spreads.

The goblin chocks an couch and gags. Its body writhes and tries to grab neck. Its body lays still.

Guile stands and pulls the Robe of Reighn from around the goblins.

The goblins's body flops and chain crinks.

Guile kicks it in face. He sits. He wraps the robe of Reighn around body and drinks water. He stares. He thinks. He sleeps...

COLD SPLASHES GUILE'S FACE!

Guile pulls and rolls from the robe of Reigh.

Love stands above Guile.

Two soldiers stand behind Love.. One holds the dead goblins. Another stands above another goblin with chains on wrists, ankels and around arms.

Love sees, >You use you force too much.<

Guile wipes face and pushes against the wall. He stares at Love.

Love steps after and above Guile. >|You need to learn to use the mind of your victims. You find what pleaes their body and reason and they will move it for you.<

She kneels on one knee.

Fumes of like sage and Summer blows over Guile.

Guile sneeze. Snot blows on Love's knee. 

Love stares. She grabs the Robe of Reighn and wipes her knee. >|You kill only with the Troll Death Moan.< Love stands

A goblins in chains lays still against the wall and stares arond the room

The two guards in yellow and purple stepp into the wall.

Love stands. >|You kill this being without the Troll Death Moan, you will be given a bigger being with less chains.< ,,Can't,'' says Guile. He clears throat. 

Love looks at Guile. >|You see the surface talk.<

A shaking buzz jolts Guile's body.

Guile's jaw clienchs, bites lip.

Love steps to the wall.

Guile grunts, kneels stands and leaps at wall. He hits glass shining dim.

The goblins lays.

Guile sits and eats and stares at the goblin. He sees the trolls in mind. He hears the echo of the moan memories in the head. He stares at the goblins.

The goblin wheezes, and chain rattle.

Guile hears the wheeze and clicks of the goblin. The echo mind. The mind echoes into the goblin.

The goblins clicks and clacks and shakes.

Guile hears the clicks and clacks echo. He thinks of the trolls and thinks of the sound of the moan.

And low the sound radiates from mind into the goblin.

The goblins lays still.

Giule hears the moan no more.

Guile stands and kicks the goblin.

The goblins rolls at Guile.

Guile steps back, stumbles, warps Rope of Reigh around feets, falls.

Goblins rolls into Guile.

Guuile kicks.

The goblin's teeth cut guile's foot.

Guile pushes and kicks up the wall and leaps over the goblins, falls and crawls to the other side.

the goblins writhes and rolls at Guile.

Guile presses agagins the wall. He metally shouts, feels the echo. He hear and feels the click and clacks of the Goblins' mind.

The goblins rolls. 

Guile sees darkness and hunger from his body to the goblin's mind and body.

The goblins hits Guile.

Guile fallls. Face hits glass floor...

>You wake, Guile,< sees Love.

Guile feels a purr through mind. The purr flows from mind to body. Purr spreads then shakes and jolts with a buzz.

...Guile's wakes. Eye is shut. Face is stuck with blood and the floor. Huis body jerks.

A goblins lay still beside him. 

>|You have killed another warrior much better suited for the gladator pits that be killed defenseless by one so weak.<

Guile pulls face from floor.

Dim light shines around room.

One soldier drags a dead goblins from the room and into the wall.

Guile peers at the wall and sits.

Senator Ring's voice talks in Guile's mind. >Gulie, you fail me again. You will die.<

,,Grble haock,'' says Guile. He wipes dried blood from face.

A ttray with bread and cheese slides from the wall.

Guile leaps, kicks tray and hits the wall. He punches the wall. Hand breaks pain.

>|You will live or die.<

Clicks and clacks stap.

Guile loooks behind.

A hugoblins wearing a white sheet leaps from the light a Guile.

Guile falls to ground.

The hugoblins slams shoulders into the wall of light, falls on Guile.

Guile grabs the hugoblins head and pushes it away.

Hugoblins claws cut Guile's stomach. Large pointed teeth point at Guile. 

Guile breathes, coughs. 

Fist punches Guile's thorat. 

Guie rolls on feet and knees.

The hugoblin punches Guile's face.

Guie falls on ground.

Hugoblin falls on guile.

Guile holds the hugoblins's face back.

It's mouths comps. Hands chock Guile.

Guile feels light. Guile feels fear. Guilef feels a whisper in mind. 

Guile's hands slip and cut over face. He gags.

The hugoblins bites Guile's ear while choking.

Guile feels fear, hate, rage and nothing.

A low vibration like a deep horn blows through Guile's mind then sounds to a low moan.





