Myst hums.

The hum spreads through the hall allowing Myst to see through her blind sight.

Myst stands by the door to Spear's nest watching William leave with Love, Kirra and Spear. Her hum song flows over the fur and hide rugs and tapestries, over the wood chairs and stands, over the gladiators standing and walk along the hall.

A group of human and evles wearing worn and tarnished leaters and metal pieces for armor and a white band tied around the arms walk along the hall and Myst and through her hum.  Their mouth breathing and teeth clicking with snorts and sinkers define  missing teeth, broken noses and bald heads.

Myst hums and the group walks past.

Then the quiet shadows shift and show shapes of featureless humanoids.

A group of gnomes wearing gray robes shuffles in a group of ten.

Shadow soldiers slide through the sound sight of Myst. Four four square of soldiers march with small shields and short swords.

The human and elves gladiators shout and click fast and sharp as the Shadow Soldiers stand around and press them against a hide tpaestry rimmid with fur. 

Soldiers squares March past with Shadow Soldiers. The shadow soldiers flow along the hall like the constant note of Myst's vibrations.

The solidiers stop a rock throw from Myst on both side of the halls. The stand with back to Myst. A few soldiers stand near the exit of other rooms and doors.

A minotar head sticks from darkness. A large brass ring loops it's nose. It's horns rise to sharp points. The minotar looks along the hall then steps into the darkness.

The group of gnomes in robes walk close jostling as one along the hall walk to Myst.

Myst stands and whispers with hum she creates with lips. Mouth and tongues say faint, ,,Reighn there are times when my song will be pain and screams, but not all need to hear the song...'' Her words become sounds of bells as she hears a song of Reighn play.

The planes of sound and time feel to part for Myst. 

She sees a blurred shape that moves through sound flow to her then appear in the barriar of sound. 

The smell of pollen and flowers as a robe wearing hugoblins manifests. it's big body shift from a plane of dimensions beyond to the sound barriar that looms over Myst

And Senator Ring says, ,,You are looking as if you are in need of cloths other than these white robes you have fought and earned.'' 

Myst says from the hum, ,,Senator Ring.'''

Senator Ring says, ,,And will you please follow me to a path away from these walls that will not allow us to be seen by the foes I have in these halls.''

Myst stands and grips a fists and says with spit. ,,By Reighns final shout i will shatter your glass soul.'' She steps toward Senator Ring.A soft wisp of cheerful bliss sooths from Sentor Ring. ,,You can see through me with song like any being with I can not fool with thought or sought.''

Myst steps back and near a Shadow Soldiers.

A shadow soldiers stands between Myst and the wall.

Myst. ,,There is nothing to see.'' She finds his eyes with sounds and faces Senator Ring. ''William was attacked. Minst killed. There is no thoughts. We are the fools to believe or trust you. You...'' 

The gnomse jostel and push around Senator Ring and Myst. They mumble and piont. They breath throw noses and peers through wide round eyes that are bigger than their small noses. 

,,You raped William.'' 

Senator Sing softly laughs. ,,I did not rape William. If what Love has seen to my mind to be true then those two twin humans owned by Region Comman Lin assulted William.'' 

Myst ponts a finger and stabs. ,,By the dissance of Reighn I will hear your lies. And that lies makes me deaf.''

Senator Ring steps back sending gnomes scattering. He puts hand on chest and smiles. ,,I have no control over the coming and goings of these hall. If I had such control over these warriors and these halls I would not have brounght soldiers to protect.'' He lets his hands fall.

Myst hears not sign or note or sing change from the song of soft vibrations in mind. She steps back. ,,Why should I leave with you? Why should I leave with you?''

Senator Ring speaks with a deeps soft voice.  ,,You come with me, and I will keep you safe.''

,,No,'' says Myst. ''By the song of Reighn I will let me screams of pain and rape help me keeps away from scum.''

Sentor Rings sighs. ,,Myst, have you not learned now that I am the one protecting you from the horrors of these halls.''

Myst stands and listesn to the musch play constant like her hum. She feels the gnomes quiet and calm.

Senator Ring says, ,,If you want to speak with Minst, you will come with us.'' Senator Ring steps from Myst.

The strings of Righn sings with Myst's calm hum. Myst's calm hum is like a breath.

,,Where are we going?'' says Minst. 

Senator Ring smiles. ,,A place where people sing.''

The gray robed gnomes watch Myst. The soldiers stand before doors. The shadow soldiers shifts and steps through sound and around a group of chain mail and breast plaite wearing warriors with breasts and hips. 

Myst sees around and tries to see the path of Willian. The song of Reighn sings with the hum of Myst. 

Myst sees red cough from one of the chain mail warriors. She sees the red blow around from Wiliam's trail.

Senator Ring says, ,,We are going to go to a place you may be able to sing to save William.'' He looks around.

The song of Riegh plays its strings with the vibration of Myst that flows from lips to tonge and mouth. 

The gnome with hood pulled over face hums with Myst.

Another breathes loud through nose. All look at Myst.

Senator Ring says with stready bass with hum, ,,I offer you freedom from this place as your pack fights their way for pay and earn their freedon after their thirteen fights.'' Senator Rings steps and nods heads to the wane. ''You come with me and you will see you will be challenged to bring even Reighn to a place of glass.'' Senator Ring stares at Myst. ''These beautiful beings wearing the gray robes know of Reighn.''

Another gray robe blows from lips like a deep whistle.

The vibration flows to Myst's throat. ,,The song of Reighn plays for the path to follow you.''

Senator Ring smiles and steps. ,,We are pleased you come and we are happy to return, but first this way we go.'' Senator Ring pulls on rope and steps to his Wane along the hall.

The gray robes around Myst don't touch as they each create a single noise sung with Myst's sight hum.

Soldiers for six four squaurs. They macrhs. The stop before doors and halls keeping Senator Ring, the gray robes and Myst in a center of hall. 
 
Shadow soldiers  and spreads around the back stepping through halls where an orc pushes a soldiers an a naked human punches a shield. 

Myst walks with Senator Ring by side. A couple of gray robes walk between. Her sight sees the details of the rose relief carvings in the wood and the fur of carpets. Her sight spreads with the single sounds of the gnomes.

,,Their song,'' says Senator Ring. ''It can sooth any body and help heal any wounds by not singing only to the mind, but also the body.'' Senator Ring wide strides and watches all. He looks at the gray robbed gnomse. ''They are a musical people beyond I had ever read of during my education on the Cathedrial. I had only heard of the their work with glass and creating this glass city. It wasn't until I bought my first warriors that I discovered their choir songs can heal the body and not only the mind.''

The gray robes singers steps and each make a different body noise in the same key with different beats and volumes to make a song with Myst throat vibration and strings of Riegn in her mind.    

''Their song is the hum you feel during dark when you sleep. The hum spreads through glass tubes and filters out tiny holes,'' says Senator Ring.

Myt walks and hums following the song, seeing dust of red death spread over foor and cornors. The red mixes with a green and red of disease. 

The reds and blues fades as Myst pass. 

Senator Ring walks with heavy breath.

Gladiators stop and stands in hall, press against wall. 

The group stesp to a hall. Two soldiers march along the hall. TWo shadow solidrs follow. 

Senator Ring stops and lits forearm to point hand at hall

A few gray robes walk the hall.

,,I would be honored to follow a Priest of Reighn to our final destination,'' says Senator Ring.

,,Had I only the knowledge of our destination then maybe I could leave, but being a prisonor I lack the knowledge of the rights,'' says Myst without stopping the vibration of throat.

Senator Ring smiles. ,,You insist me to proceed then I will be happy to turn my back to you.'' He steps along the hall.

Soldiers with smakll shields and hiding in the sound and light shadows stand around Myst.

Myst steps behind Senator Ring.

,,We will be travelling by stairs then along the tubes to the central song location.'' he glances back. ''The central named location. A name that I can not remember.'' He looks forward. Senator Ring cuckles and looks to the side at a gray robed gnome. ''Yes, Liiiiool. I do not remember to the name is beyond my clicking tonuge.'' He humms deeps like a warm soothing vibration.

Myst moves vibration from throat to chest and leads with the sound to say like a hum. ,,Where is Minst?''

Robe hood turn to glance at Myst. 

The sounds creates a hall the leads to stairs that spiral up and down.

Senator Ring says, ,,Myst, I have sought the fate of your friend Minst for you concern will not help us create a song.'' 

Myst sees a few soldiers walk down thestairs and stands. the other soldiers walk up with the gnomes and shadow soldiers. 

Gray robes and gnomes walk behind Myst. 

Myst sees tall flat walls flowing around a tube and into the tube and up and down stairs.

Senator Ring stesp on stairs. ,,Minst, I have been told is alive and surviving. He was bought by an amry officer who is new to this Port.'' Senator steps up slow with the procession of short gnome legs. 

The gnomes sound and Myst's song play as one in the tube.

Myst sing near a lyric, ,,And who is this captain.'' Her voice plays with the song. ''Please tell me more.''

Senator Ring's voice volume talks above the sounds and song with deep talk that feels to keep a beat with the song. ,,I found through the owners of other warriors that Minst has been given to an officer of the army stationed in this city. I have heard he still lives, but the details of what type of life he lives are beyond my information channels. I talked to a commander that is commmanded by the officer. Minst is alive.''

Myst says with the sounds of the gray robes and her sooth vibration. ,,How is Minst mind and body and the soul that creates the being?

Senator Ring talks with pace of the gray robes and Myst. ,,Minst is alive. It was all I was told.'' 

Myst's voice speaks to sing with song. ,,Where do you lead us to be, Senator Ring?''

Senator Ring glances back with a smile and hums with Myst, looks foward and steps up, ,,We walk to a one of many sound nodes. These gray robe gnomes scurrying about are from the node.''

Myst inhales and exhales keeping her heart in beat with the song of Reighn in her mind. She vibrates with song of her mind and the gray robes making one sound. ,,Why do I go to the sound node or will we be told our purpose when we arrive?''

Senator Rings says, ,,You go there to sing and let the gray robes hear you sing.''

Myst steps and sings, ,,Am I a free being?''

Senator Ring says, ,,You are owned by the gray robes. YOu will be away from your friends focus their minds of the worry of you. They will fight while you sing the song you want to sing.''

Loud click staps above. 

Senator Ring clicks and clacks.

The soldiers stop walking. The gray robes stop walk.

The gray robed singers quiet and stop their tones.

Senator Ring clicks and clacks. Similar clicks and clacks spread through soldiers above and below on spiral stares.

The gnomes talk in tongues that sound like reverse surface talk. One being a tone with mouth like Ohhhhhhh...

Soldier pushers by other soldiers. The soldier click and clacks.

Senator Ring clicks and clacks.

Myst hums to see. She feels her throat warm. Whistles with the clicks and the song of Reighn.

The song of Rieghn sing tones with strings and a drum.

She grabs her drum and taps the top.

The soldiers and gray robe hoods stop steps and turn toward her.

The jostling settles to two soldiers pushing.

Senator Rings clicks and clacks.

The pushing soldiers stands still.

The gray robes and soldiers step.

Senator Ring looks back and Myst and steps. ,,YOu have a gift of hypnotizing for truth.'' He looks forward and steps up the stairs and from the stairs to a narrow hall.

Myst taps her drum.

A gray robe being hums. Another whistles a note.

The sounds flow along the hall.

The hall of glass rises twice the height of Myst and three times as wide as Myst. The halls spans a few long strides before opening to the wide and deep room of the same height.

At the end of the hall, before the big room opens with people walking and standing. At the end of the hall, two black boxes rise against the wall. Four soldiers wearing red and black studded leather holding small shields stand at the sides by the black boxes.

A line of people stands from the boxes to the first soldiers leading to Senator ring, the grey robes and Myst. The people steps, and a person steps and stands between the two black boxes.

Two soldiers step from the black boxes and put hands on hips, point at weapon while a third walks to the person and talks.

A soldier wearing black chain mail walks and begins to talk to the soldiers leading the gray robes.

...The shadow soldiers are no where to be found.

...They step.

The people steps and stand between the black box. They talk in surface talk and goblins tongue to people in robes, a could with pants, and many wearing coutriers and aschots.

The soldiers, the gray robes and Senator Ring steps and talk. Sentaor Ring stands, looks and walks with out being touch.

Senator Ring looks back to Myst.

A human soldier steps to Myst. She clikcs and clacks. She stares and says, ,,Why are you here?''

Myst says with vibrating thoat. ,,Because Senator Ring wants me to be here.''

The soldiers stares at Myst. ,,What are your reasons for entering the tube?''

,,Senator Ring wants me to enter the tube?'' says Myst. She sees the warrior squint and peer at her face and eyes.

,,How are you guided through the crowd,'' says the soldiers.

Myst hums and says, ,,Song of Rieghn sing me through the chorus of people.'' Myst rests her palm on the top of the drum.

The soldier put hilt on sword, ,,YOu move along.''

Myst hums and steps with finger tapping top of drum top.

Senator Ring watch Myst and steps with her.

A vaste room opens before.

The soldiers lead with Senatro Ring into the large glass room with glass room and floors.

ABove and below people walk and stands and scatter around to and from the center of the large room.

To the Wane and Wax, the front and back people walk and stand in the center of room.  A few people wearing sillk wrps walk past on cross hall. An eight square of soldies march through people looking and pointing. A few soldiers stand before a hugoblins wearing silver chain mail and a bronze helm.

The soldiers and Senator Ring walk with Myst and the gray robes through the vast glass room creating an oval around the group. The gray robes creating a sing tone or beat. One claps as the step through teh clicking, clacking and surface talk yapping.

A soft breeze blows over Myst's face as she steps through the sounds adn the people drawn around the chaos.

They walk to the center between people. The soldiers push aside togga wearing skinny human and hugoblins. The scare a back of black silk wearing goblins. They walk to the center.

Toward the center, lines of beings form from a wall of people standing. Glass poles rise from the ground creating the lines.

The group with Myst walks on. The song sung from the gray robes and Myst.

People pass as a breeze blows aroound

The soldiers stop between a row of light poles leading to a crowd.

Myst sings with the sounds of the gray robes and stretches audiio sight around the sounds and clicks defining faces and hair.

People stand and stare.

Senator Ring looks to Myst. ,,We are waiting for the cylindar to arrive.''

Myst humms with a pop rising and lowering her tone quick and high pitches.

People glance and look at the gray robes. A couple of gnomes where jumbsuit and carrying tool boxes bounce heads with the popping, steady sounds near a song.

People stand along the center in two lines. Along the two lines is a ditch.  The ditch dips down concave through the room. The ditch leads to and from large holes in the walls.

The quiet settles around.

The song plays and the breeze blows.

Then the breeze blows rises slow to a gust that pull at Myst hairs. Her hair spreads over face

The crowd pushes back. 

Whistle blows.

A cylindar twice the height of Mist and as wide slide from the large hole in wall, between the standing people. The cyclindard reflects the images like a mirror. It slows slide to a stop. At rest, it spans the entire length of the room. 

Panels along the cylindar slide to reveal light and people. 

People steps from inside cyclander pushing aside people along the side. People steps from the cylindar. Soldiers near Spear push back a group of young humans and hugoblins wearing red leather. A few click and laugh as they run away. 

The soldiers and Senator Rings steps toward the mirror cylindear. 

Myst and the gray robes follow with the song.

And the song sings around the peole, the pole and into the doors leading the step.

Inside the cylindar, two rows and seat span long the walls. People stand on the glass floor and hold poles stretching with the walls of hte tube. People sit on the seats and look forward as people jostle inside.

Myst steps insides and follows the soldiers to stand between the seats and near Seantor Ring.

Thin doors slide over the walls. 

People are quiet sans the sounds of the gray robes and myst.

They song like a piano nearly tunned playing a fun and jumping song.

A few people clap. A group of gnomes wearing overhalls whistle and tap.

The ground jerks and flows and slides and moves.

Themusic movers and spreads. Talking and whispering calm for the song of the ten sounds from the gray robes and myst's deep vibration like horn. She creates tone and sings near words sound to give lyric to the haunting human orchestra. 

Myst feels the pull of movement, grabs a pole and sings like a morning bird.

People press and other single sounds like fingers snapping and lips popping along the tube.

With the song, Myst sees along the smooth tube walls, seats and the poles spanning along the top and from the floor to ceiling. The song sees to show a long tube spaning to walls at two ends. 

Myst sees people watch as her and the gray robe's song spreads to the gnomes sitting through the tube.

Through the tube the song defines hugoblins and hobgoblin surrounding a few humans and elves standing around gnomes sitting there and there creating a single sounds.

The sounds play for a song then two.

The tube stops and the people jerk forward after feeling a rush of pace.

Panels slide and people shove and push from the seats and standing spot to the panel. Horns and drums hitting like a drunk band plays louder than the oral sounds of the gray robes and Myst.

Poeple push and stands. 

A good breeze blows into the tube.

Some one coughs. 

Myst and the gray robes sings as Senator Rings stands and stares.

The panel doors shut. The tube jerks then flows.

Myst sees faint red disease hue flow over the people and from breathes.

Mint spreads.

The song spreads, and a few gnomes wearing studded leather and armor tap on shields with short sword hilts at pace of Myst's drum hit.

The song plays, and the tube feels to move, slow then stop.

Bodies jerk. A few gnome sounds skip and loos the song flow. 

The song goes as the panels side and open up to hallow darkness and cold.

A cool spread, and people push away from the doors.

Sentor Ring clicks and clacks.

Soldiers shove passangers from a path from Senator Ring to the doors.  Soldiers step and gray robes and Myst step with along the path in into the cold dark.

The sounds of the gnomes silence as they are pushed and hit agianst the soldiers.

Senator Ring clicks and clacks. 

A few soldiers push aside a human wearing hide and pushing against a large swords with a large diamong etched over surface. 

,,You Diammond,'' says Senator Ring as he walks behind Myst past the warrior with the large shield.

Another two soldiers steps from the group with Senator Ring and grab the human.

The other soldiers, the gray robes, Myst and Senator Ring step from the tube to darkends with a low hum feeling through the dark.

Senator Ring clicks and clacks and steps back pushing Myst. 

Four soldiers pull the human with the large diamond shield from the tube. 

The people inside stand and stare.

The panels of tube slides. 

The tube slinds in the covncave ditch of glass and flows into the large holl into the wall. A wind blows with it as it, pulls at robes and hair.

Myst continues her hum.

Her hum sings over the glass seats and poles and around the people sitting and standing still staring.

The tube feels to flow and bounce then settle. 

The song of Rieghn in Myst's mind hears a clap with violen strings climbing a peak of strings.

One of the gray robed singers claps with the clap of Reighn in Mysts mind.

A few people shift to look.

A gnome wearing a orange robe holding a lute blows once and once and once with the clap and the hum of the gray robed beings.

Myst sings with surface talk tones and sounds.

She stands and feels the floor rise and lower like waves over a river. She sings.

The song plays through the tube. 

A few hugoblins soldiers click tongues with the sound of the lute note, the clap, the cough, the whislte.

The song sings and the ride flows and feels to slow.

Myst's body sways forward. 

The song of Reighn warms her body. It feels the sorrow, joy and pain in the sounds of htose of the chorus.

Bodyies jerks.

Song not skips. Beat remains thumping with Myst's heart.

Panels slide.

Like like day on the surface shines fom glass floor, to a glass plane that spans to a tall, massive glass wall. 

Gray robes walk and stand over the spanning glass. The stand looking at the tube. 

,,You need to move,'' says Senatro Ring.

Myst stares. Her song and the song of the gnomes goes a few players. Her song spreads with other sounds and song singing over the people walk slow over glass.

Low tones like a tuba moans through the massive space along the walls. Singing chorus of high pitche voices sing past.

The soldiers nuddge Myst.

Mysts hms and steps letting the tone and meaningless words flow to silence of the tube and dispurse around the noise of the vaste room.

Myst steps with the gray robes on the platform of glass.

The panels of the glass tube slide closed.

Air gusts and blows past. The tube moved in the trench.

The song spreads with noise and defines.

The large glass platfor spans to four sheer walls that rise to eights sight nor sound see. Along the walls are windows and balconies, doors and stairs.

Halls grand and small flow from the walls like the hole for the transport tubes. 

A glass bridge spans over the transport tube ditch. The stairs create a line of people humming, clapping and clapping as the wait for the stairs to cross.

Myst hums and hears the voices and sounds from all around to see the detail of the stairs and the rails. The stairs shaped like drums and cymbals. The rails shaped like guitars, lutes, trumpets and srum sticks stacked to make even rails.

,,You are in a Living Node Two-Three-Four,'' says Senator Ring. ''The area is bright as day for the tops of these glass buidings do rise to the sun.'' Myst sees the the seer walls a long bow shot from where they stand.

The guards hits shield to swords as a few people press.

Senator Ring clickss and clacks.

A few gnomse clap and another moans and another laughs the same laugh over and over and over.

The claps, moans and laughs play with Myst's hum. The song plays and she steps through the sight the sound creates.

The soldiers create a path and find a flow of people walking forward. 

A wind gusts. Hair wipes face.

They walk over glass and through the path and Senator Ring starts.

,,You will need to find clothing that will not draw much attention. When we entere the node I will talk with the master of the node to give you a gray robe.'' They walk a bit, and Senator Ring says, ''You would praise  you god if you could see the glass walls rise like a reliefe carving in the side of a moutain of glass. ...it is...''

They walk between people, over glass and into the wide and tall tunnel.

The tunnel sides rise with stairs and balconies and windows. People stand and talk, shout, old meet, vegetables and jewels. The tuneel rises to a dome and spans forward.

People hum and whistle. The people are short and stout like gnomes. Packs of goblins, hugoblins and hobgoblins roam the hall. Humans and elves are here and there.

Wood smokes and perfume wiffs floats up. The large glass hall spans to sheer glass walls like moutain faces around a large court yeard.

Grass and dirt surrournd trees at the center of courtyard.

Warmth shines over Myst's face. She hums and follows the song.

,,You are nearing the destinations,'' says Senator Ring. ''You will soon be singing to those who want to know you well.''

Myst hears Senator Ring, but sings with the gray robe beings and the song of Reighn in her mind and body. She taps on drums.

A soldiers near does hum. His fine human face vibrates libs.

Myst walks with Senator Ring and the soldirs to the center of the glass court yard in the center of the sheer glass walls of balconies and windows.

The soliders and gray robes spread their walk as people away walk avoiding the center.

Myst listens to Senator Ring's breath become words. 

Senator Ring says, ,,You walk toward a lush field of trees and grass growing from the glass surrounding. The dirt and roots can be seen through the floors. Kids kneel to see animal burrow into the ground. You will be passing into a hall that enters between a tall glass wall, and under moundts of dirt.

The glass wall rises from the center like a massive planter pot of glass. Grass and trees growing in squares of the glass floor spread around the massive pot. 

The feet walk a glass sidewalk toward the massive pot and a tunnel.

Aaround the tunnel entrance, a few groups of gnomes stand. One groupe begins to form a line. One group sings and stands around as a few pass a pipe arond the group circle.

Myst hums feeling a song flow from the groups that is felt but not heard until the voice of Senator Ring talks louder than the soothing sounds of birds chirping, windblowing and rustle of a mouse running through grass.

Senator Ring says, ,,You are entering a holy place to all who live here in the City. You are going to enter a node that provides the air you breath, the warmth you feel and the sound that puts the warriors to bed.''

Myst hums and steps with the soldiers and gray robes feeling the note and strings of sound step her legs. She taps on her drum as her hum leads her to a standing line.

the gray robes form a lone around Myst. 

The soldiers step to the side and away forming a small ground nears ome grass and a tree.

Senator Ring steps with Reighn as the line moves.

The line become single files as it leads into a tunnel through the massive pot of dirt.

The birds and a cat purr sing with the beings standing in line. All, but Myst wear gray robes. 

Myst sings with the people and the song creates colors and textures on Myst's mind to see the green grass and brown tree trunks. She looks at Senator Ring, who mumbling voice moves with weak sound against the strong song.

,,You will be joining the gray robes inside the node. YOu will find life to be better and more open than life as a warrior...'' Senator Ring's voice fades from Myst as she feels the song of Reighn play loud and long through the center of the hold.

Myst steps between two black boxes before the hall into the massive bot of... Two soldiers look at Myst and click and clack. Their talk plays with the ong of Myst of Reigh or the being around. 

The group of gray robed being was in the hall until Myst step thought following the tune of her song.

She steps away with a few glances back as the soldiers and Senator Ring stands outside, beyond the security barrier.

Myst stops and looks at Senator Ring as he turns around and leaves with the soldiers through the grass and thress leading to the people.

Senator Ring's voice speak in Myst's mind. >You will now follow your own song. You are now owned and part of the collective.< Senator Ring steps away. 

Myst hears the thoughts form Sentor Ring, but feels no connection. She only feels the song. 

And the song is lead by a long of gray robed gnomes making one sound to create a song as they walk along th glass hall.

The hall becomes stairs. And the stairs lead to dark.

Myst sees steps that spiral down and down and down. The spiral steps walk past halls and rooms, songs and talking, sweat and mold and wind.

The wind blows from tubes and door and around the spiral of stairs. Mumbling, grumbling, snoring and laughing echo from holes through the walls.

Myst steps down the stairs and hear the sounds and tones of the gray robed singers change in tempo and pitch with the song of Reighn in Myst's mind.

The song sings with the group then with passing steps the coughing, mummbling and singing become silent. The holes and door ways walk down to smooth walls.

The song of Reighn plays with strings, coughs and mummbles.

Myst hum and feels the hum, but the sight spread by the hum becomes to silence.

Myst's sight become blurred like eyes are watered.

Shapes shift.

Then there is silence from beyond Myst's soul.

She stesp upon a solid surface. She feels heat like light shine over her. She smell orange and lemon mist. She feels two hands grab her hands.

Myst tires to walk and whistle and hum. Her heat beats her step and beats the song of Reighn.

Then like a sudden cresendo all is seen with sound!

A massive chorus of creatures stands in a cricle singing one note with their bodies, guitars and horns and drum.

The sound flows and shifts and spreads through hold and tunnels spaning from a dome ceiling.

Heat shines of Myst's skin. 

And with the sound Myst sees.

Myst sees the beings wearing robes of red and blue and green and purple. The being, as tall as her, are covered head to to with the robe. Small hands with thick stubby fings appear from robe sleeves to strum strings or blow on flute or tap on drum.

Myst taps on drum.

Drum beats a thump and thumps with Myst's hum.

The sun shines from above ad spread over the colored robes. 

A purple robe spins like a whirlwind and sings a high tone near a squeak. The purple robe lifts to show naked legs. 

Myst sees the glass ground and sees the thousands of tubes span and twist through the glass. 

Through the glass the tubes pass the sound. It become a hum that sings over the body of a healing human soldiers resting in a glass room. The sound sings to kids in a class room learning goblin runes; a glass dance with the slow beat of Myst's drum. 

Myst seees through the walls and where the sound flows.

She sing and feels all like on being. She sees a baby being born and hears the nots of its first cry.

She flows through rooms and cells and sheer walls of tall glass buildings. 

Myst flows to the sun and feels to shine through the tubes of glass as a song to see...

She sings and sees along the tubes with her song of Reighn and sees William. She sees William beat the face of being. 

She sings and sees the blood splat and gush from the face of the halfling being. She hears the cheers and feels the rush of joy flow with the song.

Myst pounds her drum and sing a tone to sing with the chorus and the rage of the crowd to all...

