Hundreds of robed beings in dark hum, whistle, studder, click, clack, talk, whisper, shout, snort, bluster, whinny, sing. The song dances through the dark through the cone walls connected to tubes and string. The string vibrates a cord and set a celestial hum to sing from prayer song and soulfilling notes. The soulfull notes carry through the cords and the tubes to hum through holes in the glass ceilings of room through the glass city. In the rooms of sleeping arstocrates; stabbed and beated merchants laying on paid bed; children with fever at the Healers; gladiators sleeping in their rooms.

Hundreds of robed beings in dark stand, sit, spin, sway, jump, shake, jolt, jigger and slide with hundred of being in a room. A few fall to ground only to be picked and danced to the wall of the room where they are taken by other robed beings from the and through dim glass along the walk ways on the side of a flowing stream. The stream flow slides from the glass mound. Over the glass mound sit, lay, stand robed beings. The robed beings sleeps, eat and stares. A few robed being fuck. A group whispers in their ears. Many of the being sleep as they are laid on the glass mound by other robed beings. The other robed beings then leave the glass mound and walk to s soulful node and watch for the dance of those dreaming the song.

Myst step dances with her whistle hum with hundreds of beings.

Myst's mind flows thorugh the cones, strings and through the rooms as a song. She feels dreams and thoughts a mass spreading through plane of the physical prime. She is without time.

Mind floats close to waves and walls of pullsing song beating the pace to create the soul rolling with souls through dance and song beyond the body, the walls, the world. Soul flows with the sound of wind blowing sand, the moans of the healing, the laughter in a pub, the clank of sword against armor, the whisper of a pray for a feel of the soul of souls.

A soul flows from the souls through song sung in the mind of the child whispering prayers to Tune to heal a fevered father. The soul sings to the child's mind and feel the father's heart and sings. The song of the soul sings a beat. The beat wraps around the heart of the father. The father's heart beats, and lungs breathe. The soul song spread through the father's body as the son begins to hum the song of Tune.

Myst feel to float from the rooms, strings, tunnels and paths and into the room of dancing souls.

The dancing soul of Myst finds Myst's body as she falls to the ground.

The dacning mass spreads, and two grab Myst before she back falls to ground. They left Myst to feel and throw arms over shoulder and necks and spin and sway to the standing beings. The standing being and the dancing beings dance to gether before the standing beings walk away with Myst snoring. Myst snoring blows and snorts, sways and sings with Myst's swaying head. Head snores and loos at fee. Feet sway and paint the glass and flow like water to the dome of glass. upon the glass her body lays and she slees and snores.

The snore honks and blusters from her mouth with mummbles of notes. The notes scripe a song she sing in her sleep with the song.

The song spreads her soul through body, and body sleeps.

As Myst's body and soul sleep, robed beings bring diches of grabes, bread and cheese with a glass cup of water. One robed being sits by Myst and hums until Myst wakes.

Myst blinks with the song singing through the mind. The song spreads around the people, the glass dome, over a wide pool over bubble water flowing from the center and flowing along the dome into streams through tunnesl that span. Myst sees the song and songs define wrinkles on faces under the hoods. She feels the hoods with song. The textures of wool, cotton, silk, steel and hide caress with Myst's song and to her sould and from her soul to her body to feel the leather like she is rubbing it with fingers.

She stands and feels to change her tone to a high light hum that spread around the singing being sitting near. 

Myst's soul spreads with her song for her to see and feel through the planes of the physical and the metaphyical energy flows with her. Energy flow and Myst walk to a room with singing and dancing beings. 

Myst stand and sits and listens. She listens until the her body feel her souls spread from her body with a hum and whistle. The hum and whistle floats and twists around a song gone silent. The silence spreads in the space while Myst feels the soul and body and sings a tone deep and low. The tone deep and low spreads over the dances. Three dance around the fallen. Myst lifts her foot to left an arm and sing to the sould and lift the body from the ground. The four then dance around the room of singing and talking and through mass to the edge of the room with Myst holding the fallen. The fallen sleeps and walks and slumbs as Myst leads the robe being to the glass hill olny to hum to the room and wait for a fallen song to be sung through the mind.

Myst stands for songs and sets and carries the tired to the hill and her body to the room until the song consumes her body and flows with her soul. She release her soul to the sound flowing through and from the room. Must sings and dances.

Myst sings and dances with hundreds of dancing and singing beings.

Myst sleeps. 

Myst carries the fatiqued to a place to rest.

Myst hears and follows the song to vaste halls and rooms, as long and wide as the Were dwarven caverns, filling with galls howls and tubes with plants grow in rowns and columns. Tomatoes, pinapple, grapes, squash, pumpkins, beans and peppers plants grow between rows about three steps wide. The rows spand to dim darkness. The darkenss spans

Myst hears the song sing with the trickling of water and the hum of the pick through the roows. Robed beings grab fruit, vegitable and roots and put them in leave woven bags. The bags sway with a moist breeze that whisles over the skin and soul of Myst as she leaves the walk for food and finds a bag.

Thousands of people walk the rows of plants pruning, picking, pulling and singing from plant to plant. The plants sit and sway with the wind and caste and energy that dances with the tones singing from the thousand of sould spanning and spreading through the great and vaste room. 

Bags fill, and songs cycle.

Hundreds leave the fields of glass and water. Hundreds singing their changes and thoguhts and pumping hearts full with work, Hundreds walk the halls to rooms of sleep ro rooms or dance. A few swimp through on  of hundreds of bubbling pools. From the bubbling pools their dirt flows and their bodies with their minds are clean.

Myst sleeps, dances, works, cleans and eats without time while mind is in tune with Reighn's song and whipser. Reighn's song and whispers lifts her soul above the nois

Rieghn song is without time. Without time, Myst grows and spreads wwith the song until her body and sould float between states of light and dark; life and death with the song of sorrow and happiness felt from those healed with Reighn's song.

The song sings and the dance plays a play of love and devotion until the song.

Song sings beyond pain of hunger.

Song sings beyond fear, lust, hate, love and hope.

Song sings Myst's mind through minds and souls and beings. Her hums and snores sings the story of her travels and life from birth to the singing to the next note fo the next song singing feeling for their souls. Cries, whispers, snickers, giggles, moans, purrs, pants and deep heaving feel from the choir singing a performance or a solo show until a couple or trio, quartet or band, find their song as they walk through the glass tunnels of land and meet to being their song. Their songs sing with songs to create a harmony. The harmony sings through tubes and tunnels and over the bodies of the wounded and tired; the fearful or cursed; the mindless or crazy. 

Myst sings a hundred of song long and short. She feels the still born birth anguish, the death of a husband, the terror of ghosts, the pain of ambutation from a stabbed arm of gladiator. She wipes tears from sorrow during the same song walk as she wipes tears of joy from the sight of a new born hugoblins.

Myst finds her drum and sings the song of a drum top, and a drum top appears, and Myst's songs beat through the tunnels created and spreading her song of her soul.

Her soul song sings with the constant cycle of the choirs life living for the song to continue on. Not once does her soul song stop with the drum beat. Myst's soul song drum beat flows with the songs through the nodes and into the pound of people claping, tapping and rapping. The beat flows with her soul through the snore of night and her heart during the quiet of her wake to the pound of the drum.

The drum pound hits beats her soul song into the minds. Her soul spreads through a song and heals a fevered child, purifies posion from a baby, heals cuts of a warrior, spreads calm rage in a hall with her soul beat pounding.

Her soul beat is whistled, hummed and tapped through rooms and hall of the glass city under the desert surface. 

Her soul song sooths the plants to crow the plants growing through glass tubes flowing water. The water flows from the monistary pure from soul song and flows under the monistary as the waste sludge of the desert city.

The desert city spans above with sun light shining thorugh tunnels and mirrors over the plants. Bright lights shine over Myst's body and light's her soul song. 

The light shine give time to Myst's soul song.

The meter of time of light and dark changes. Myst's soul song flows and shifts with the plants and sounds and time.

After hundreds of songs and feels, the song sings from the tunnels a song of sorrow and loss. The song of sorrow feels through myst as she sings in a lower node of sound. The song of sorrow spreads from the walkers adn sleepers and gardeners through the monistary to the nodes of Myst.

Myst's soul song sings from the masses to Myst as the Soul Song sing to Myst death.

Death moans and whispers fear hrough Myst. 

Myst pounds her beat and follows the song talk from the node and through the hall.

Through the halls the reverb soul song of Myst sings her to a group of robes carrying one warpped in white with read around the mummy head. 

The song and mass choir signing Myst's Soul song leads Myst through a hall to a bubbling pure pool.

Myst's soul song and Myst's reverb soul song becomes one and leads Myst and the choir to the pool.

Around the pool people spread a path and a place for the choir to sing. 

Three with robes of gray lay in the pool the body wrapped in a white sheet.

The white sheet soaks water and blood spreads. The water soaks the white sheet clear around William.

Myst's souls song leads her drum hit to the edge of the pool as she leads her soul song for the song of William.


