,,Master,'' says a deep calm voice like honey. A sihloutte large like Spear steps at the lead of soldiers stomping with the speakers long stride. ''We will be better servered by using titles for names.'' A hugoblin with light green skin and sharp features. A broad chin frames with checks and black face. He bows looking William and Kirra in the eye like starring at both. ''My common talk name is Senator Ring.''

,,You're a murderer,'' says William.

,,Murderer?'' Senator Ring lifts his large arms wrapped in a white shirt with pirate blumes warrping around wrist. The balls of light reflect from the shinny buttons of Senator Ring's purple vest. ''I am not the one who tried to hid a murder by burning down a room.'' His voice commands like Dante and frights like Spear's roar. He steps back and lowers arms looking at Kirra and William. ''I did not help the murder by booming a road and  warriors fight for our freedom.'' Senator Ring smiles.

William stares. 

John of the Goblinkin steps from behind the giant hugoblin. ,,We are you masters for you to listen to if you want to live.'' John of the Goblins stesp with knife. ''You think I am shit, but my stink will stain you for life not matter the strife you feel to get rid of my stench. You-''

,,Calm Johivodeglickin, be calm, my friend.'' The smooth honey voice sweetens the quiet. Senator Rig lays a hand on the back of John of the Goblinkin.

John of the Goblinkin clicks and clacks.

Senator Ring clack lausghs and chcukles with the sihlouettes soldiers stand still.

,,Why are we here?'' såys Minst.

Senator Ring lowers hand from John of the Goblin's back ans steps near the bars and between Kirra and Willaim

Minst sits lotus and rubs temples giving smooth calm.

Kirra stand near William.

Myst stands with a soft hum soothing.

Spear sits and stares at ground.

Guile peers at Senator Ring and lets Senator Ring's voice flow over thoughts. He peeers at the calm slow gestures as Senator Ring talks.

Senator Ring says, ''I paid the cost of the Goblin City Guard to seige the castle. I paid for the hotel repairs and paid the families of those murdered byyour careless rage through Goblins Port.''

,,He saved you!'' points John of the Goboinkin. ''You are our slave.''

,,Quiet your hiddious for it is painful to hear,'' says Willaim. William glenches jaw.

John of the Goblinkin rise dagger and steps then Senator Ring lays a gentle hand on John of the Goblinkin.

,,Johivodeglickin, upklu Tikyou tick,'' says Senator Ring.

John of the Goblinkin nods and steps back letting his lips cover his pointed teeth.

Senator Ring raise gloved hand and pushe back a black cap. ''You should be thankful John of the Goblinkin followed you to the Goblins Port. And you should thank him for taking time to let me be aware of your expliots.'' Senator Ring smiles and laughs like a bass. ''John of the Goblinkin is more a master than I for it is your life you owe to John of the Goblinkin.

John of the Goblinkin smiles and nods halds the hilt of the Jeweled Dagger.

Senator Ring step before bars and William.

A few soldiers step forward.

Senator Ring says, ,,You have fought a name for yourself.'' His voice sooths. ''There are talks as far as Lyno about a group of adventures fighting thorugh the goblin hordes trying to stop the goblins army.''

,,The murderes,'' says William.

Senator Rig nods. ,,Murderers or warriors, depending on what end of the blade you meet, can not be fought by a few heroes, but I admire your will and focus on a fate that only a God could create and control.'' Senator Ring lowers hands and pivote head. ''And there are no Gods down here. Only you. And only you caused great damage to Goblin Port and the main road to the Set. Only you caused one day of trouble while a road was rebuilt. Only you lead Johivodeglickin and Flare to the insurgents trying to help the trolls. Only you lead the army to find KlackClock and GitThutFlikUmtStah. Only you are here.''

,,Why?'' says William.

Senator Ring smiles. ,,To fight of course. You are in MidValley. The Gnome City. It is the most widely known gladiator arenas in all the lands to the Rise and to most of the lands to Set. It is the place of the dome and the pit. It is your new home to fight and earn me a fortune while you story continues to spread to the Rise.'' He points at William then spreads arms like ready to hug all. ''You-''

,,You,'' Guile coughs and spits. ''You are lying.''

John of the Goblinkin steps and points knife at Guile. ,,Master doen't lie.''

,,Flare,'' says Spear. He lifts head. ''Where's Flare?''

,,Flariklequi? Flare,'' says Senator Ring. ''She's fight tomorrow. She is hear. She has returned to her home now her mission is complete..''

William says, ,,Did she betray us?''

Senator Ring says with arms wide and voice begining with a soothing word. ,,Beeetray. Flare only completed her mission working with Johivodeglickin to help friends of mine seek truth to the comings and goings of a few insurgents wanting to stop the peace and spread of democracy.'' He steps back and lays a big gloved hand on John's back. ''The barbarian hordes need rule or law and a voice for the poor. ''Flariklequi was willing to help.''

,,Why?'' says Minst.

,,Why?'' says Senator Ring. He raies arms. ''Why? Why one does this or one does that.'' He lays a hand on chest and one hand on John's back. ''It is beyond my powers for I am a mere mortal.''

Senator Ring lowers hands and stands.

The pack sits and stands. They stare quiet with the soldiers.

Guile sniffs.

,,Food,'' says Kirra. ''Water.''

Senator Rings nods. ,,You will find food in your holding cells for that is why I am here.'' He steps back letting his cap flow our body and puffed arms of white shirt flutter.

The soldiers approach the cage while Senaor Rings talks, ''Food and water await you next cage.''

Guile feels Senator Ring's voice slowly pour over Guile's clicks and clacks of soldiers repeating in mind. Guile tries think in the minds of the soldiers, but the clicks and clack clack and click slow. The grid of sounds and gestication and face movement spreads and seperates as Senator Ring's voice spreads over Guile.

Guile stands still.

Senator Rings says, ,,You will not remain in the cage for you may fight your way to the city.''

,,Where's the city? And what fight?'' says Minst looking at john of the goblinkin.

John raises Jeweled Dagger and stomps ground.

Minst flinches. 

Senator Ring looks at John and stares calm at Minst. ,,The city is through this tunnel to the desert floor and over the desert ground. And the fight is after you have survived the cages.'' Senator Ring steps back and looks at all.

Kirra, William, Guile, Minst, Myst and Spear look at Senator Ring.

,,Where is my family armor?'' says William.

,,The armor of our lord is pulled across the desert.'' Senator Rings steps back. His voice sooths. ''Magic don't teleport to distant Portals.'' 

,,I want my amor and swords,'' says William.

Senator Rings smiles. ,,My armor and swords.'' He says, ''Across the desert to the more civilized land, the armor and swords are worth the price I paid the Goblin Port Soldiers.''

William says, ,,I won't stay in a cage.''

,,Good,'' says Senator Ring. ''You will not stay in a cage for you will be set free to fight for a room the city.''

,,Fight who?'' says William.

,,Each other,'' says Guile.

,,Yes,'' sooths Senator Ring.

Guile tries to mental shout, but voice is silent through the thick honey buzzing senses of taste and smell. Guile begins to salaviate and sniff.

Minst smirks and smiles, says, ,,Do you know Carlos the Barded Dwarf?''

Senator Ring says, ,,Of course, I do, but not as good as you. And where is Carlos now?''

Guile says, ,,Don't think of poop.''

,,Why not poop?'' says Minst.

Guild says, ''Senator Ring reads minds.''

Senator Ring nods and pours the honey to calm the stink of the buzz. ,,Senator Rings reads minds that's why Senator Ring  is Senator Ring.'' Seantor Ring steps from the cage and sooths says, ''I will be watching during the run.'' And he steps away.

Spear says, ,,When do we fight?''

,,After you survive,'' says John of the Goblinkin.





