Everyone stares at Newon's dagger then Shake. Whispers spread through the tent.  A few people drink. 

One by one the amored dwaves of Grun's pack turn backs on Shake, William, Kirra, Myst, Minst, Jan, Spear.

Spear lays still on back and begins to move. The fur on his body begins to receed. His arms and shoulders reset and shift to a broad span. His jaw shifts and locks and his nose receeds from a snout to a nose. A nose that becomes tan instead of black. The finger nails shrink into finger.

Newon and Grun are the only Armored dwarves without back's turned. Newon stands and stretches. He looks down at Spear and nods, steps over Spear and walks to Grun. Grun bows his head and gives him the knife. ,,Kliolm," both says.

Newon steps and turns back on the pack. 

Most the wet people turn backs while other's drink their beer and star as the Armored dwarves step from the pack and form a circle around. 

Myst looks around then looks at Shake. She pivots head and mutters, ,,Even Reighn heals thieves." She stands.

William stares at Shake.

Shake blinks. His eyes opens and he smiles. ,,Did I bump into someone's fist?" He feels his face pulse and throb. He groans and feels nose and looks at Myst. "No need to worry. I think my face will still be pretty enough to be a bard." 

Myst stands and walks away.

Shake sits up and looks around at the backs of the people. He smiles and rubs forehead. ,,No need to worry, I'm okay. No hard feelings." He sees his open pack. Then looks at William and Myst and Spear. "Did someone find the dagger I found on the lift?"

Minst begins to say, ,,Where-"

Then Grun says, ,,QUIET." He points to the center of the space. "Sit next to your theif. I have sent for Hern." He looks from William to Kirra, Myst, Minst and Jan. "It is best for your defense to wait to speak until we hear your reason for judgement."

William peers at Shake then looks at Grun and nods.

William then Minst then Kirr and Jan step and sit by Spear. 

Myst looks at Grun. ,,Will Spear live?"

Grun nods. ,,His body is waiting for his mind to reason what has occurred. I assure whatever judgement is passed we will watch after Spear." He looks at Spear. "The first time is the most traumatic time of transformation." He looks at Myst. "it get easier.

Myst nods. ,,Thank you." She sit in the middle of the space and wrappes arms around bent knees of legs pressed against chest. She stares at Shake.

Kirra casts a scowl at Shake then holds a peers.

Grun turns his back on the pack. 

Then one by one the wet people and the dwarves not dressed in armor turn the backs toward the back.

the hollow sound of a drum booms accross the tent as the drummer sets drum on the stage and turns around.

The pack sits in the center with Shake off to the side. The stare at him and he looks through is pack pulling out twine, a couple of rocks, a few copper pieces, a pair of golden cufflinks, a scroll, a map of leather, a bundle of dried fruit, an apple, dried beef strips, link, a few weeks and sticks and leaves. 

Shake shakes the bottom of the pack, ,,I have nothing else I found." He picks up some of the leaves and twigs. "Not sure how these got in here. Thought I cleaned them out." He drinks wine from flask. He holds up the golden cufflinks. "I found this many nights ago at the pub." He stands and turns out his pockes. "Nothing." He taps on Grun's shoulder.

Grun remains still. 

Shake shrugs and says, ,,William, I can't be helped if I found something on the lift-"

,,Quiet," says William. He looks at Shake. He shakes head. "Sit."

Shake stares at William.

"Now," says Willam with a flat emotionalist tone.

Shake sits and put things pack in his back then takes a drink of wine.

Coughs and sniffs and a few burps are heard. A couple of dwarves step through the still crowd to walk to a small wooden shake on wheels then leave afte a few ticks of time.

William looks around feeling the preasure of dishonor. He lowers his head and looks at his guantl then looks at Spear laying on the ground in human form.

Spear's tunic and pants strapped snapped and torn around arms neck, waist and pant legs.

Myst looks at Spear then Shake then closes her mind and flows thoughts with Reighn filling the void of sound.

Jan sits and stares. She looks at the people's shoes of leather and steel and cotton. She lowers head and places open hands on the stone floor and focuses energy to palms the pushes the energy out...

The energy flows down and around and is not felt as it passes by Kirra.

Kirra who opens quiver and inspects each arrow then begin to dig in pack then pulls out a canister of feathers, rope, thin piece of medal and he straight wooden shafts. She sets thom on the ground and begins to cut, wrap and attach arrows and feathers to shafter. When complete with on arrow, a flash shines then dims.

Hern stands next to Shake with Zi and Ren behind.

,,Hern!" says Myst.

William looks at Hern then looks to the ground. Kirra cuts a cross top into the end of a wooden shaft. Minst slides hand between the folds of his elven chain mail and touches the spine and smiles a Hern. Jan feels deep through the rock to feel a flow of cold water seep through cracks to pool in a well far below the rock floor. 

,,Don't believe the yarn these sheep are trying to spin for you," says Shake. 

Hern looks at Myst and William then stares at Spear. 

Spear lays on back and snores.

Hern's eyes sunk in rings. He puts a hand over mouth and yawns. He walk through the crowd and graps a mug from a stack of mugs then walks to a keg and pulls a tap filling the mug. He drinks and watch through the people to the open space.

"Hern?" says Myst.

People stare and watch Hern pass. The part and slightly turn to see her step to the open space then to the bench and sit.

Hern leans back against table and drinks beer from his mug. ,,Party comes to an end now, Grun."

Grun pivots and looks at Grun. He nods. ,,JOOOOK!" He stars at Newson, Fri then
Zi and shakes head.

People set mugs, nods, throw arms around shoulders, look and peer at the pack sitting on the floor. They shuffle past and step through the opening. A few walk past Grun and slap has back or touch hand to forehead and softly bow. As the people leave the tent, the people wet with Jan's water stand with arms crossed and near Hern staring between Hern and Grun.

A damp woman dwarf wearing a damp wool tunic holds up a we scroll before Hern. She stands without sound, but with a stare that focuses and stars into Hern.

Hern drinks from the mug. He nods. He snaps his fingers. 

All the cloths, trinkets, pictures, scrolls wet and damaged become dry and mended.

The people look at their cloths, paintings, bread, ink quills. 

Hern nods to the spread tent flaps and says, ,,Jook."

The woman nods and follows shuffling and slow stepping armored dwarves through the parted tent flaps.

Mugs lay and stand along tables, the stage and the floor. Bits of food are pushed in the corners and edges. Plats, bowls and knifes lay stained with red, purple, pink sauses. Bones pile high. A few puddles of beer cover and mix to mud. A thin haze of smoke hovers.

Hern covers mouth and coughs. He snaps fingers.

The room brightens.

Grun, Fri, Zi, Newson stand looking at Shake, Spear, William, Minst, Jan, Kirra, Myst the only other people in the tent.

The flaps shut. 

Shake stands and picks up his pack. He walks toward the group. ,,We should be on our way before the snow falls." He looks at Grun. "Maybe this time Grun will herd us to the surface like he was told?" 

,,Quiet, Shake," says William. 

,,But-" says Shake.

William stares at Shake stabbing him with sight. 

Shake nods. He walks to the flaps of the tents.

,,Please remain in the tent, Shake," says Hern.

,,WHY!" shouts Shake. "So that thick skulled mutton head can sucker punch me?" Shake throws up arms. "Do you want your chance hit me!" He dirty locks bounce and flip.

Hern sighs, shakes head and stands. ,,I apologize for Newon's acts for which he will agree to be punished." He stares at Newon the Fri and Zi. "Fri go prepare and removed the cauldrons from the room along with everything else." 

Fri nods and steps between the flaps of the tent.

,,Zi," says Hern. "Cell four eight. Stand to protect.."

Zi looks at Grun. ,,Erran xiol plo moj. Heif. Hick."

Zi nods then leaves as William says, ,,Cell? What' this about a cell."

William stands, ,,Why?"

Shake runs for the flaps then blinks from sight as Kirra looks up to where Shake was and begins to put the razor thin triangular metal pieces, feathers and twine in the tin box. Jan releases the energy flow and raises hands from the floor. Myst looks at Hern and pivots head side to side.

"I DEMAND to know what happened to Shake!" says William.  

,,He was teleported," says Minst.

,,He's safe." Hern looks at William. "He's been transported to a safe place, a cell, until I can sleep and talk with Shake to defend against the accusation of theft."

Minst looks at Hern. ,,Why don't you banish us?"

,,It's not simple when trust has been betrayed by one of the pack," say Hern. " Newson will be given displine for allowing his rage control his judgement.  Grun will be choose is displine for, among other things, Newon's act." Hern sips on his beard. He looks down at Spear. "This one will have some questions, which Grun will help answer and show." Hern sits with legs crossed over legs allowing the red robe cover. "Questions?"

,,Where will you take us?" says Kirra as she puts the fletching box in pack.

Hern set mug on the ground. ,,I will teleport you to the room were you last slept. Spear will be escorted through the crowd by Grun and Newon."

,,What will happen at the trial?" says Grun.

,,It is a judgement," says Grun. "At the judgement the Rose Pack not on duty will attend. Newon and Grun will present their evidence of the crime. Before the time of judgement, I will speak with Shake, and talk with him about the process and find his version of events. Then you and Shake, all the pack, will be presented by me before Grun, Newon and the Rose Pack. There will be questions. There will be answers. Then when all has been talked the Rose Pack will pass judgement. Once judgement is passed and you are found innocent then you will be set free. If you are found guilty then you will define punishment with the honor of the pack."

William, Myst, Jan, Kirra, Minst stare. William nods.
 
Hern stands. He inhales deep and exhales slow. ,,Jook." He says looking at Grun. 

Grun and Newon life Spear's body. Each throw an arm over shoulder and each lift a leg. 

,,Now," says Hern. 

A flash. 

Darkness spreads from a shimmer then the shimmer contracts.

The relief statues, the round stone table and rectangle tables appear. The embedded beds recess. Lights shine from the eyes. The rugs are gone from the floor. The doors of the balconey are closed. The books, jars and boxes on stone shelves are missing from the now empty shelves.

Six plates of bread and dried meat are around the edge of the round table. A pitcher and stone cups cover the center. 

,,Spear will be arriving." Hern points to the closed doors both on the balcony and before the entrance. "These will remain locked until Judgement. Guards are posted outside of the balcony and the hall. Have you need help you need only speak. We are listening. Any questions before I leave?"

,,Where's Shake?" says William.


