William heals for a time timed by the light and darkness.             

The light shines bright through the walls and halls down to the sides and up. The light is not too bright no to dim. It is soft on the eyes, but is shines the same everywhere with a few faint shadows in a few corners down. Sihlouetes of rugs and body lay around. The light shines all at once then dims to darkness after a few blinks.

The darkness dims for the time of a long nap. With the darkness, covers of sound feel to flow from the glass soothing mind and body to sleep. The darkness is deep and cold. 

Kirra's heat colored night sight goes dim a nap's length then darkness is for all.

Darkness last long enough to rest, but not enough for sleep.

When darkness dims and a smooth hum sings from the walls, White sheets walking stand. White sheets standing sit. White sheets sitting sleep.

White sheets snore when dark and talk and click in sleep. 

Then there is light, and white sheets wakes; yellow and blue robed being pull through glass carts, soldiers march and walk through the halls; white sheets walk with soldiers into the wall of darkeness.

William heals for two lights and a dark. His face pain beats with heats. Chest pain thumps with cough. Vision is blureed and sound hears to be an echo until after the first light and after the dark.

After the dark, Wlliam's pump of pain and thump of pain both fade to dull throb of pain. The blurred sight wakes to clears sight and sound that is loud and sensing read. His mind is not on long through away from the pain. He lays and eats on the second day feel a pop in his jaw and needles of pain sting through chest. William breathes and stares and eats. He sleeps to the soothing sound of Myst.

For two lights and a dark,  Myst sings soft wordless lyrics and harmoneis. She blows and whistes and washes the blood and sweat from face. She hums throat and coughs a few times letting here tones. She sits by Williams side and sing until her voice can sing no more. 

Then she snores through the light to the dark then wakes as the light becomes again. She hums while she eats, while she speaks with Reighn and While she pees. She sings through the light until Wililam says, ,,What are we to do?''

For two lights and a dark, Kirra stands at the thresh hold of ceel starring, sneering and watching the whites sheets. She eats and pisses as she stands. She meditates without moving a step. She watch and listens and feel all around. 

Through the floors and walls of glass she watches. 

She waits. 

She watches Jo walk past. She watch Jo sit near and glance at William and Myst. She watches. Then she hears.

Kirra hears William says, ''We are we to do?''

,,Up,'' says Kirra. ''Fight.''

Mysts says. ,,And I will heal for our life and sing the song of Reighn while we listen for our freedom.''

The darkness comes and the hums. 

Spear, Myst and Kirra sleep until the light. 

The birght light wakes, and William feels no pain. The black and blue bruise on chest and face are near color of flesh. The cut on Kirra's cheek near healled. 

The bright light shines around John of the Goblinkin and soldiers. 

John of the Goblinkin holds the hilts of his Jewelled Dagger with Guile's Heart Dagger missong from the other dagger scabbard. ,,You fight. You fight up.'' He pulls dagger from scabbered and points tip a Myst. ''You heal and sing. You make warriors feel good.''

,,Myst,'' says William 

Myst coughs and says, ,,I will sing for you when you are victorious.''

Soldiers surround Kirra and William, and John of the Goblinkin leads them from the hall through the wall of darknesss to a glass pit to a fight.

And fight and fight and fight. For endles light and dark Kirra and William fight as pairs and alone.

They fight haflings, half-giants, goblinkin, humans, elves, id and dwarves. They fight warriors who scratch, kick and spin. They fight with fists and foot, rod and knife, net and pole. They fight until the victor lives and the loser dies.

They fight every three light cycles until twenty matches pass.

They fight white sheets together. They fight white sheets alone.

Fights are everything three light cycles. Fights are to the death. Fights end with warriors stepping into the pits. The fights end once the dead are dragged out by the living warriors.

Fights are with warriors living in halls tot he side and below William and Kirra. 

Fights with Kirra and William fighting together begin their fight climb. 

Together, Kirra and fight find a rythm in their fight. William uses his strength and parry to over come muscle and might. Kirra's speed and percisoin to overcome agility and endurance. The first five fights, William and Kirra beat, a half-giant and halfing; two haflings; two humans; a dwarf and an elf; and an id and a half-elf.

William's face is bruised, finger broke, ribe craccked and fist jammed as it slams agains the id's chest.

Kirra's shoulders is smashed, toe broke and knee bent to a limb after the first five fights. 

The pain, bruises and broken bones heal and mend leaving sore joinst and muscles after a cycle of night and soft humming that sooths the body and vibrates the bones and muscles. 

After the first five fights togeether, William and Kirra fight apart.

For fifteen light cycles of the fight

After the first five fights togeether, William and Kirra fight apart.

William fights one white sheet, two white sheet then cycles through the pairs. Each fight last a few punch and kick and the white sheets fall before William's fists. 

Rods are given for a fight and like a sword beating down a skinny half-elf. Three days and another fight. A human kicked to the ground.

William fights, sleeps with Kirra and Myst in a cell. Each taking turns watching. Ezra reaching out and making nods and eye contact with other white sheets.

And Kirra fights alone in fights that last a few breathes as she beats short halfings, skinnny humans, foot dragging half-giants with slumped shoulders and a missing eye.

Kirra fights a pack of six goblins. The rush and swat.

Kirra punches, kicks and head butts goblins.

Their bones snap. Five die before the stands fill to watch the match.

The people in bleechers boo and swat papers.

Kirra picks up a struggle goblins in throws it at a human man taller than Spear, but no fatter than Minst.

The goblins clack rattles and flies at the face aof the thin tall human with hands cupped over lips and pooing.

The tall human ducks and swats at the goblins. The goblins hits the bleachers and sprays blood out.

Two men wearing red robes steps and scatter. 

,,KIRRA,'' says John. He clicks. 

A few in the crowd cheer.

The tall human wearing gray grabs the goblin and tosses it at Kirra, snapping hand back still holding arms. The gray human thows body, pops arms, throws arms. 

A ball of blood splater spins at Kirra with arms slaping arms and side of face as she punch the bloody ball with a splat.

The crowd cheers and laughs.

Shadow soldiers appear around Kirra.

,,KIRRA,'' says John. He clicks and clacks for her to follow.

The walk back to glass hall. 

John says, ,,You fight long for show. Go up. Make money.''

William and Kirra stand and hear John says, ,,You kill the sick.. You soon fight for lift. You go up.''

And john walks away walking with a Jo and Grig, a half-elf.

The half-elf Grig Myst met and William and Kirra know. They talk only with Jo between the fights keeping eyes and minds focused thorugh the walls.

They stare more tiem through the wall searching for Spear or Minst or even Guile.

They pee in silence, eat in silence and watch the white sheets come and go.

The white sheets come and go with news stains spreading over white until all the sheets are gray and red, brown and some hit of green.

And it is from the sheets that Myst does see her daily song either thumped, snored, hum, song or talke.

The red spreads in her sound mind like a rippling song from a single note. The red spreds around the sleeves and the hole of thesheet for head. The red spreads from the cough and the snot dripping from the warriors. 

Cuts bleed red then spread red in song and through skin. 

Senator Rieghn says, ,,You heal and sing through the glass and you will go up as long as William lives.''

,,Where is Minst and Spear?'' says Myst.

Senator Ring laughs and walks away. He lets fall with a thump her drum. A tan hide spreads of top and thumps a thud and a boom.

Through the glass the boom sets a vibration.

Shadow soldiers lead Myst after light, and during William's and Kirra's fights, along the halls wide and high above. She sings and thumps away.

Myst walks the halls and hums with through and inhales for all the notes to play from her soul to the souund of her body and the beat of the drum. The thump strums and hums with throat. The throat hums and heat beats and hand pounds the drum top.

She hums like the wall of glass during the night. Warriors of lether strapping steal sltand over chests, arms, breasts and balls relax tense bodies. The step  and is lead each doay to rooms to sing a song of Rieighn to ease the pain of a broken arm, a deep couge or a festering wound that won't heal.

The red spreads with the carts spreading until there is no sight of red. 

,,The red,'' says Myst. ''I see the red sing through the air like a sound that spreads from loud talkig groups.''

And Senator Ring hears, and says to Myst, ,,You see the disease that spreads through these halls. You see the deases needs to be cured.''

Myst steps through the wall of darkness and to the other side to the glass hall and her cell. ,,White sheets need remain white. The cuts clean. The air to flow like the air of the dwarven realms.''

Senator Rings steps and stands with the Shadow Soldiers and stares a hum to Myst. ,,You speak of things I do not know. You see the disease that spreads from Set. You come from the Set, so the disease sing with you.'' Senator Sing leads Myst up through the spiral staircases. ''Is it a dwarven disease?''

,,It is a the rot of this place and stagnate flow of the wind.'' Reighn looks at the red spread thorugh the rugs adn the tapestries. ''It is the dirt and blood and gr me. It is the death.'' 

They walk through halls. A warrior with blonde locks drinks from a mug, stumlbes, faigns a bow and stumble past with a cough.

The song of Myst sees the red. 

,,Fresh air blowing and clean cloths and wounds,'' says Myst. ''The song of reighn will sing for the faithful to believe and heal, but the rush of disease will kill if it is the will of those in control to leave the faihts to have the strongest will.''

Senator Rings says with deep bass. ,,You heal. You spead the song for no wind will blow through these halls and no money will be spendt for cloths that will dies. You see as long as goblinkin are not killed by this disease money will not be wasted.''

Senator Ring steps from Myst's bath and into stairs dark with tapestry and furs. ,,Sing and entertian the disease away.'''

And Myst walks with the Shadow Soldiers during the light and sings along the halls with drums lettgin her body inhale the red and cough out the air clear and free.

The song does sing through the walls and pounds from her drum top.

The drum beats and warriors nod as the Shadow Soldiers phase and hide with the flickering shadows of canlde light and globe ight and light shining between the ediged of the furs and painted hides on the walls.

Myst sings and kneels by warriors sleeing and reaking of ale and spirits. There are coughs and a few that grab Myst and pull her body near to let the breath down her neck.

With strenght of Reighn she pulls away and thumps pain or pleasure to sooth their pain.

The sing to many and most, but those warriors of orcs and dwarves don't hear or listen the song. Their bodies seem to not feel thehealing bliss of Reighn's song through Myst.

The Shadow Soldiers freeze the actions of a few strikes.

Myst is hit by a few, but a few warriors that seems to step with Myst's drum and her hum begin to look at her through the light and dark cycles.

Through the cycles, Myst walks the halls and heals and couch red to clear. She sees and looks for Minst and Spear.

Minst and Spear are not seen or felt as their thoughts are sun with through the halls. 

After thirty cycles of healing, there are warriors that hear Myst walk halls hum with her song and spread her song. They clap and one sings, an id big and strong and beautiful.

The song of Reighn spreads thorugh the warriors, and Myst feels a thought of Minst while walking darkhalls. But the feeling fades after being covered with darkenss.

Myst sings for Spear or Minst with notes like a sorrow song. A few warriors tip mugs and one sheds a tear as she walks the hall brething the red away and tending to the wounds. 

A small cart follows her with water. Warriors hum and bow as she passes with several clapping with her beat. They watch as she passes with her bear feet givening a peer and scawl to thise warriors who try to grab Myst.

After thirty cycles of fighting weak being with little show, John of the Goblinkin walks to cell after all return from their duties.

,,You fight after the dark two beast from above.'' John of the Goblinkin licks pointed teeth. ''You each fight. Live you move up.'' John snuffs and stares at Myst. ''You rise to the top after the fight. You live with victors of fight.'' He grabs the hilt of the jewelled dagger and puts on on top another dagger with a dull steel handle.  ''You may sing a different song.'' He pull Jewelled Dagger from sheath and points tip at William. ''If you don't live.''

John of the Gobiinkin  steps back and licks lips.

White sheets glance, but don't stare.

John of the Goblinkin waslk with soldiers along the hall. They gather three white sheets and walk into the wall of darkness.

,,Where are Spear and Minst?'' says William.

,,Living or dead,'' says Kirra. ''We fight. We move up.'' Kirra steps from cell and follows John.

White sheets steps from her path. She peers into the darkness as John steps through. She peers through the walls and sees th ewarriors naked, bloody, dressed and resting.

Blocks of darkenss hide the floor above. She walks the halls until the carts come.

Unite the carts of food and water roll throug the wall of darkness, William and Myst sing a prayer of Reighn. William pulls at the sheet covering his guantlet hand.

Kirra follows the cart of food to William and Myst.

William and Myst sing with the bump of the drum. A few white sheets clap along. One hums. A person with the cart give a plate of fruit to Myst and pulls the cart away
.
They eat. They stare and listen to Myst.

Kirra walks the halls watching the white sheets and the soldiers march. She feels the time it will be dark.

Then it is dark, but before the hum begins, William says, ,,What will be tomorrow if I die?''

,,Sorrow,'' says Myst. ''And a song of my soul dying will be.''

The darkness comes. The soothings sound playes through the glass.

Then it is light.

And before the sight of the small pack can see through the bright, John of the Goblinkin and the soldiers are standing around and a cackle laughter is. ,,You go and fight.''

William rolls and stretches feels his sore chest feel to pull apart.

Myst humms and stands and steps with William.

Kirra steps from her stand.

John of the goblinkin licks pointed teeth. ,,YOU FIGHT!.''

Myst strikes her drum fast and hard sending a beat deep within her heart to Kirra and William. Her tired throat and mouth. He hand pounds.

The pounds deepend the beat of William's heart and Kirra's step. The pound leads through the wall for darkness through the glass walls and up the spiral stairs. The pound deepens.

William hums. 

Kirra finds a focus away from her pain in face and chest.

The step from the steps, after John of the goblin kin.

Orcs, humand and elves walk along the hall. Many dressed in trousers and flarred shirts, vests and velvet coats, chaings and ear rings that glimmer from the torches. The people stand back to front in a line down a hall. A few look at John of the Goblingkin and shout. ,,JOHN OF THE GOBLINKIN\!'' 

John sneers and swats and pushes a few back as he leads Kirra, William to a skinny hall with handing tans skin stretched over the walls and ceiling.

Click and clack and surface talk chants. Red and blue lights

There are pounds on drums playing against Myst's steady drum.

The sound of Myst's drums pounds louder than the off beat the sets a pace to a clap and  chant of clicks and clack. Surface talk, ,,GO. GO. GO...'' is shouted with the off beat of big bass drum.

Big base drums appear as a light shines upon a glass dome that rises from a flat floor.

The hall opens between bleechers full of people standing and shaking firsts. Some clap to the drum that that quiets against the beat of Myst's drum.

The crowd cheers. A few toss paper and shout. All focus upon the center where the circle of bleachers ends upon a dome as big as boulder. The boulder spand down into a circluar pit around the dome as tall as William with the circular pit only as deep as William's waist.

The bleecher rise from the floor to a glass ceiling heigh above. 

People lay flat on glass ceiling straing down at the pit.

In circular pit around the rising dome, a wide and round dwarf lumpes and drags limb leg to the egde.

The round dwarf wearing tight leather strapped and pulls over muscle, fat and hair. One hand grasps a buckler and a short sword. Pieces of a net wrap arond the dwarf's chest. The collar of a chain shirt hangs from the graps of the dwarfs hand.

The dwarf drags a whitesheet and drops the white sheet in a pile of two white sheets.

The crowd cheers. A few click in rhythm with Myst's pound of drum.

The dwarf climps the dome rising from the center of the pit and lifts hands. 

Most the crowd crowding over the bleechers cheer, and stand. 

The white sheet in the pit are pulled and tossed along a hall the parts the bleechers.

Four hall part the bleechers then dissaappear under the bleechers.

The bodies of white sheets are pulls into the halls. 

John says, ,,You fight. You live. You go up. YOu die.'' John steps between the bleechers toward the center. ''You die.'' He steps to Myst's drum beat.

Myst's drum beat paces the small pack's march toward the center.

William leads step with the pound of his heart beating with Mysts drum.

Myst hum's her sore throat vibrating away pain and singing with the thumps. The voice and drum pumps pump and lead Kirra and William to the pit.

,,You climb to the top. You white shirts enter first.'' john swarts Jewelled Dagger tip at the top of the dome and pokes it back at Myst. ''You stand by me.''

The crowd around begins to lower arms, stop clapping and sit.

Cheering becomes a murmur.

Kirra and William step sinto the bowls. Their bare feel spear sweat and blood and crip a rough  surface of the dome going up. They stand on top.

The crowd is quiet. Myst drum hits soft and deep. With William's and Kirra's heart it beats.

,,We go down. Fight,'' says Kirra.

,,After it begins i will follow you step,'' says William. He syas loud. ''HOW DO I KNOW TO BEGIN TO KILL!''

A few humans laughs. A group of gblins clack and click and point.

John shouts, ,,YOU BEGIN!''

A blue flash rushes from a hall from between the bleechers and streaks over the pit and up the side of the dome to William.

KIrra slides along the dome top to the dome bottom to the circle bowl with  pulls on William.

William tips toward Kirra and is hit by a blue flash.

The flahs stops and becomes and Id standing on the sid of the dime with two feet standing on the dome with two hand holding on to dome and two fists swiging at William.

One blue fist hist William as he falls with Kirra's slide.

the other blue fist swings past William's feet.

William and Kirra side to the bottom of the bowl. William slides of face and Kirra her feet. 

Kirra steps and runs up the other side of the bolw to the edge of the fighting area. 

William stops and rolls to knees at bottom of bight.

The id climbs in a flash, stands full height and sings blast of sound like a horn. 

The horn blows over the beat of Myst's drum and holds William's heart as William stands with a swagger.

The id rises to full height showing all. the silver cracers on legs, the small buckler on wrist. A gold glover over a hand. Lether strps over joinst and nicke. A chain mesh is strapped over shouldrs and waist.

The crowd cheers. A few click a chant.

The chant talks against the pound of Myst drums. Myst hums and with the hum a pain shakes through her throat.

The song of Myst of Reighn sings and a few people in the crowd clap with Myst's beat. 

The id leaps from the top and at Kirra and over William. Wiliam leaps to grab the id's foot, but only swats and blur..

Kirra leaps at the blur center as it flash to her. 

They collide and fall.

William stumbles has he lands 

The id kicks William's face and grabs the edige of the bowl and swips hnad under Kirra's free and reaches for Kirra's arms.

Kirra jumps over the sweeping arm and smacks away the id's grasps and lands on the bowl edges. She balacnes.

The id leaps like a blurr behind Kirra.

KIrra turns.

A fist smacks Kirr's face.

Kirra's foot slips. 

A hand grabs he foot and pulls. 

Kirra falls.

William falls to knee, sees Kirra slide at him, sees the blue flash behind and down upon hin. She steps and spina and swings a back fist. His fist hits metal. Other fist covered with sheet hand hits blue flesh. 

There is a loud tweet. 

People put hands over hears. 

Kirra doesn't hear. She rolls to the ids's feet as it lands on the boot of the circle bowl around the dome. Kirra rolls and kicks and snaps and the ids ankles.

The id's ankles snap. There is a crack.

the id falls with a squeal the sends a shrill through William and he slams shoulder into the id.

The id's four arms aram around William, and it limp twists and swings William at Kirra.

William's slams heag agaist a metal plate on the ids chest and presses, wiggles and bites and he spins.

William's leg hits Kirra. 

Kirra's side of sight is blurred with her puffed face. She steps ups side of the wall and up to the top of the dome as William's body flies at her.

William hits the ground and rolls to a stop as a blurr flies up.

Kirra kicks from side of dome and at the space above the blurr and slams face of id with foot.

The crowd cheers as green liquid whips and sprays from the face of id. 

Kirra feels its large body amms slam into her. They become  blob from the blurr and falls.

They hit. Kirra bites and punches leather strabs as two double fists slam her back. Double fists slam into her back. A rib breaks. She whisses.

William steps and kicks and kick knee of the id and leaps on lame leg with slams feet down. He stumbls and slips and falls agianst the dome.

The crowd ohs and awes and stands to peer over the circle bowls ledge at the wrestling warriors.

The id spreads double fists and hits willim. 

William blocks with forearms and kicks away kick its head.

Kirra wiggles and rolls free. Kicks at leg, steps kick, stands and pills to from the bowl.

William and Kirras feet and hands tangle then untangle as wail.

,,ARound,'' says KIrra. ''Apart.''

Kirra steps kicks head of id and stumbles away.

Willima steps and stumpes from the id's feet as they kick at William.

William runs around the edge of the bowl.

Kirra and William run from the id around the bowl.

,,Climb to edge,'' says William. 

Kirra steps and reache and leaps. A break of pain spreads through chest and she pulls to ledge and edge of the pit.

William and Kirra meet. 

The blue id is not of sight.

Myst sings with the beat of her drum. ,,It be near. It be far. I is coming.

Like a blurr, the blue being lands on the top of the dome. One leg hand lame. 

The blue id pulls a short sword from scabbard and slams sword agains silver bracer.

The crowd cheers. A chanting click beats agains Myst drum pound.

Kirra and William stand side by side. William says as the id stands with arms raised. ,,I will lead and draw the sword. We will beat hit.''

The id slams the short sword on top of the glass dome and whisltes. 

The whistle peice William's mind and Kirra hearing. The pound in heart with drum thumps and pumps to show thorugh the pain and see the blue blur.

The id spins and leaps at William and Kirra.

William steps and slides an feet and reacs at the blue flash and glasps a foot. 

Kirra ducks the silver blur of blade, feel a slight cut on forehead, reaces to edge o bowl and swings slides away.

A short sword hits the edge of the bowl. Two blue fists swing at Kirra as a third hand crasp the bowls edge. One fist hits kirra's hand as her hand lets go of another hand.

The crowd cheers. 

,,STRIKE 'EM DEAD LOOL,'' shouts one. 

Myst looks back and pounds drum and lets her sore throat hum quiet to loud. 

The color of red spreads around the crowd painting her song.

Kirra slides, stesp runs down and around the arch of the bowl and launch body with feet flying first at the id. Her feet fly by William.

William scrambles and climbs to the top of the mound in the center.

He glances at Myst. 

Myst pounds drum. 

william's heat thumps. He sees and hears the id sing a high pitched 

The id whisltes as it punches Kirra, punches Kirra and raises shortsword.

Kirra flops and slumps then stuglles all as the sword raises.

William leps. 

One of the id's arms rises a buckler and slams William. 
 
William falls and rolls to feet. 

The id stumbles and swing sword. 

The sword tip nips Kirra chin as she wiggles and kick from hands.

The crowd cheers.

William grabs limp leg and kicks other knee once twice. 

Sword swing at William.

William raises gauntlet hand. 

Sword hit guantlet hand and tears the covers.

A thunk thuds crowd. A spark flashes.

The crowd cheers.

The short sword flies from the ids hand as the id stomps William's leg.

The id stomps William's leg. 

william's leg snaps.

William raors.

The crowd cheers.

Kirra falls agains the side of the bowl and slide past id and toward the short sword.

The id turns and kicks William in the face.

A strema of blood files from William's face. 

William swings guanttle fist and smashes the knee of the id.

As the id steps, it chirps a squeel and falls on William.

Kirra coughs blood, grabs short sword and swings. 

The short sword stabs the head of the id as it hits.

Kirra pulls the sword from the ids head and cuts as green gew spreads and flies over the dome.

The cheering crowd quiets.

Myst's drum pounds and beats with Wliliams heart as he wiggles from the id.

William's leg pumps pains. The pain pumps with the drum beat and beats numb.

John of the Goblinkin's cackle laugh leads a shout. ,,YOU WIN.''

A few people in the crowd cheer.

William and KIrra crawl and pull from the pit to the ledge. William lays while Kirra sits. Kirra holds the short swords and peers at guards.

A tall human wearing a gray rope stands and claps amongst the sitting crowd.

Kirra says to William. ,,Tall gray. At fight last light.''

Wiliam looks at the gray robed human, nods and lays head on the glass floor.

The gray robed human nods and claps. A few around glap and stomp. 

The stomp spreads until it spreads and quiets. 

,,You are gladiators,'' says John.

Kirra and William stand. Kirra grips the swords. 

John points at the id. ,,You take weapons. Armor. You wear.''

Kirra and John look at eachother.

An elf wearing white leather from foot to wirst with a gold necklace around neck was to John. They click and clack.

Kirra hear them talk about fight between beasts as she takes the lather straps, the knifs the bracers from the ankles and wrists of the id.

Wllima and Kirra strip the id then two holbgoblins wearing yellow leather armor too big to fit drag the id down a hall. 

Three more white sheets walk to the pit as John cackle laughs and lead soldiers, Kirra, William and Myst along a hall.

William, Kirra adn Myst walk up a spiral staircase into darkneess into a glass hall surrounded by darkness.

Furs ocver the floors. Tapestry of battles hang from walls. Leather sheets lay over tables and chairs. Shiny rocks glommer from floating globes.

Myst's beat of drum softens to a tap. Her hum slows and sore spread through throat.

Two orcs walk the hall. Once snarls at William.

John of the Goblinskin clicks and clacks.

A loud squeak sounds along hall. Grunts and a loud burp sound a reply.

John of the goblinkin steps to a door with a fur hanging.

A squeak is hear.

John of the Goblinkin says, ,,You sleep. You sleep. Food will come.''

Soldiers and John of the Goblinkmin stand until Willaim and Kirra limp into the doorway holding their bracers, leather and sword in arms like a bundle baby.

The steps into a musky room filled with think stench. A dim light grows  in corner upon a large next of straw and straw with furrs drapped over.

In the center of the nest is a huge rat.

,,It is Spear,'' says William.




