,,MINST,'' pounds Minst't brain.

People talk and laugh through pain and sweat blurred sight.

Sweat stings eyes and head throbs and pumps with a loud voice.

Then talking poke points and daggers of pain from head to spin.

A slow burn smolders and spread with light. The echo laughter itches body as it fades.

Minst pulls covers over heard.

Waves of pain flow from tidlewaves to calm rolling waters spreading over Minst.

He stares into the darknes holding spellbook. He presses and squeezes until the spellbook feels to become one with his body. Then he presses more until his body shakes, until the body burn breaks to a cold sweat, until laughter, kissing and talk push Minst and spellbook apart.

,,Whose there?'' says Minst rubbing sweat covered head.

Minst hears laughing and tones from William and Myst part, fade.

He sees colors swirl and merge and hover along the outlines.

Sweat stings his eyes. He peers into the dim light to a tray with caraf, cups and leaves and fruits. 

He reaches. His arm feels like it is stretching as he reaches. He lays and looks.

Eyes close... His arms wrap around spell book.

Laughter and cough sounds swirl and burst in mind then spread like a web that spans Minst's mind covering the space then the space contracts to a burning dot.

BLAST goes the fire spreading heat and its burn through body with a waving senstation of please.

Minst feels to be expanding from the cot the tent the clearing then the canyon.He floats and falls and flies from the canyon to the clouds. 

Minst flies along the moutain rangs seeing thousands of fire lights dot and spot the ground. He flies up and up and up to the stars through the clouds.

The land of clouds floats blow.

The star twinkles above.

Minst reaches for the stars and almost touches...

Sniffing and soft pouting and a warm body.

,,Minst,'' says Myst. 

,,Myst,'' says Minst with parched lips. 

He feels her body lay next him

Her warmth spread through Minst soothing his throbing head, stretching muscles, twisted stomach. Her voice spread feelings

Her voice says, ,,Hold me.''

He pulls arms from spell book and wraps them around Minst.

Minst sees Jan standing still with her stare beoynd all. Minst feels the Myst's body lay and cuddle next to him. Minst cloese eyes and lets his body float and fly...


