William pats Buckey on the neck and whispers in Buckye's ear, ,,We need to hurry." He looks back and sees Carlos walk down the middle of the raod and pull a flute from sash.

Minst's limb body bounces on Buckey's rump.

They gallop along the road between  the wooden and stone buildings. They pass Pub and Parlor Inn and gallop left over the road and by the evergreen trees.

Wooden fense and a clear field spread from road. A gate along the fense line slowly opens. 

Bucky slows, kicks rear legs and gallops through the gate and down a narrow wheel worn road. 

The raods wheel rows run straight to a stone stable, stone barn and a two level stone house. 

Buckey gallps and slows by the door to house. 

,,HELP!" hollers William. William slides off Buckey, grabs and throws Minst over shoulder walking fast to door. 

The door opens of house opens. A woman and a man meet William on the  stone to the door. 

"Spear, grab the legs," says William.

Spear reaches long muscled arms and grabs Minst legs. William grabs Minsts arms. 

The woman leads then inside the house, down a hall and into the kitchen area. ,,The table," she says. 

Spear and William set Minst supine on the stone table. 

Sweat pours from Minst's shivering head. 

,,Can you heal him, Myst?" says William.

The Myst pulls back her hair and ties it off. She mutters sounds and words barely above breath while looking at the fingers, mouth and nose, eyes.

Spear and William step away from the stone table.

Myst says not taking focus from Minst, ,,What poisen him?" She pulls open nose. "What did he inhale?"

William stares an Minst. 

Mint's skin white and pasty. Sweat soaks robes. His breath is slow and soft. He wheezes and stops. Head shakes then settles.

,,William!" snaps Myst."

,,I don't know," William looks from Minst to Myst, "It was in sack that was thrown into the forest." 

Myst pulls out a palm sized star attached to a chain from under robe and holds it between hands. each finger lays between a star point. She closes her eyes, says, ,,Please let you body be touched by Her." Myst closes eyes and speaks in tones and stops.

Myst lays hand star over mouth. 

Minst chest convulses and holds sucked in. His mouth and nosrals flare. His eyes open and stare at the ceiling.

A purple mist floats from nose and mouth to the star.

Minst inhales deep, coughs and coughs. 

,,HOLD HIM." commands Myst.

Spear and William grab shoulders and thighs of Minst's thin and tall of frame. 

Minst coughs and coughs. His frame shakes and twitches. Then he relaxes and breathes slow and steady. White skin darken to a tan to brown. His eyelids close.

Myst pulls open an eyelid of Minst. ,,He'll live, but will need a days rest before leaving." She point through doorway to the reading room. "William, how about in there?" 

William nods. 

He and Spear lift and move Minst to long sofa. They look at Minst.

,,Were not leaving tomorrow? Are we." says William.

,,He needs a day," says Myst.

,,Is he poisonious?" says Spear.

Myst walks into kitch, ,,No."

Spear shurgs and pulls on tunic finding finding a scratch. He clears throat, lifts up Minst's hand with leather boot, ,,He's not going anywhere." He moves foot.

The hand falls limp to ground.

,,Did you talk him," says Myst from the kitchen. She takes a bucket of water and pours water into kettle stove.

William walk from reading room to kitchen, ,,He's on his way to get the winnings."

Myst smiles, ,,He better be worth it."

,,He will be," says William. He walk to Myst.

The look at each other. She says, ,,He agree to come with us."

,,No," says William. He leans forward aiming his lips for hers.

Myst smiles and steps back, ,,Some one needs to focus on his duties instead of his kissing."  

,,He'll come after we promise him a cut." William walks to the window. "Did you hear something?"

,,Changing the subject?" says Myst. She pulls a satchel made of suede leather and died with the same purple dying her wool clock covering from neck to heel. She opens sack and pulls out a leather bound book. "William?" she says.

William look at the window and thought the pine trees growing not far away. ,,I heard something." He walk from the kitchen."

Myst sets out the leathe rbound book on table and pull out a patch.

William walks to kitchen's westside door. He opens it.

Orange and yellow light illuminates the night. 

The shadows whispers, ,,William."

,,Shake," says William. 

,,Got some action at the pub. Two lambs got herded out for slaughter but didn't even get shaven," Shake is standing by Willaim. His shoulder against door frame. "The first fire theirs"

Willliam steps from the door, ,,The first fire."

The fire light disappears.

"That one probably some dwarf," says Shake nodding to edge of forest along fence.

,,Dwarf," says William.

,,Yeah, some little ram probaby feeling the hate from the hungry now that his herd has left this farm land with their wool intact."

William says, ,,Dwarf."

,,Was pretty ram," says Spear. 

,,Myst, Spear," William step away from door and runs to the fense, " Shake we go."

Willaim leads the run of Myst, Spear and Shake over the tall grass field from the house by the stable and to the fense. He stops.

The others gathered around. 

Shake points finger tip through the night at two shadows running along the fense line, whispers, ,,Two." He raisse hand, "Group. And a dwarf." He steps forward toward the fence line and singles shadow stepping back from a group of shadows comng toward.

William steps forward and walks toward the shadow. 

,,DWARF!" one shouts. Torches bounce along the fence line. Shadows come from the evergreen forest. People shout and hollars.

The shadows stops.

William runs to the shadow. ,,Carlos."

,,William," the shadow says. 

Spear, with sword drawn and hanging at side, rises and point sword tip and the group of people running with torches from the raod and along the fence. ,,They your friends, Dwarf."

,,Carlos," snaps Carlos. He point hammer tip to the group of shadows running through the forest. "They're not my friends either."

Spear swing sword and snaps arrow in half. ,,GROUND!"

Myst waves palms before body and whispers and hold had to chest. A glow illumintes from chest.

Three arrows stop in mid air and fal to ground. 

Carlos pulls a dart from sash and raises arm.

William says quick, ,,I need light." He steps past Spear and Carlos ,,WAIIIIIIIT!" hallers William.                   

Myst graps some gun power and throw is up, snaps fingerss.

A bright light hovers above the group shining bright.

William step to the fense and the group of people, ,,STOP! STOP! STOP!" 

The two groups slow their run to a slow walk. The merge on opposite sides of the fences and stand as on group before.

A man with a big beard and a barrel sized chest covered with an apron lowers and points tip of torch at Carlos, ,,We want the dwarf, William."

Smoke rises froom the torches. People stare at Carlos.The grip knifes, whips, clubs and chains. One holds a branding rod.

William sheaths sword and looks at Spear and Carlos. He inhales and slowly exhales, ,,Okay, Gord. What happened?"

People lower shouldres and torches. They look at Gord and the other group. Some stare at Spears wide and muscular body pushing the limits of leather armor.

Gord pulls on beard, ,,Well, two of his friends got offended when Rex."

,,It was Rampart," says some one from the over the fense.

Gord looks back, nods and looks forward, ,,Rampart, Rampart offended some women. They started mouthing and those people Rampart friends with got mad. Tore shirt off one. Punched the other. Then they run out. And the friends follow. Then Ramp and Rex leave too. Next thing I know. I see one of the women kick a beam. Down comes the awning. Then there was fire."

Heads of groups nod and look at each other and William.

Gord points a Carlos, ,,Then I see that one there. It comes running through and crawls our window to roof."  

,,Carlos was with me," says William, "We travelled here together until I had to leave because someone got poisoned."

,,That thing made me thing a bird scratched face," says the big human with scratches on his face. 

Carlos smiles, ,,With all the betting,  I didn't want the odds getting out of balance."

,,That dwarf is here to take all that his kind hasn't taken already," shout a woman.

Heads nod.

William steps before Cord, ,,He's with me. He's going to stay here."

,,Are you going to make it sleep outside," says a dirty young human.

The groups chuckle.

Willaim smiles, ,,Then where would you sleep, Tye?" He looks at Cord, "He was just trying to help." 

Cord, ,,Please ain't going to fix the fire damage."

Carlos pulls out the diamond, gold ring, and holds it up. ,,Does this?"

Cord takes the ring and holds it up to the magical like shinning above Myst. He pulls on beard and closes an eye. He nods head. 

,,What about me," says Rambart. Rampart step forward with club in hand. 

William shrugs, ,,Don't pick a fight you can't win."

Rampart looks at Carlos then William. He looks at Spear and walks away 

The groups walk way along the fense to the East road. They mutter and whisper, ,,Dwarf," and ,,Bane," and, ,,Dirty creater."

Carlos stands side by side with Carlos.

The light above dims.  

,,Thanks," says William. "I forget how much people hate dwarves in this area."

,,Memories die hard when there's nothing else," says Carlos. Carlos turns and half bows at Spear and Myst. ,,My name is  Carlos the Barded Dwarf." He stands up right, "And dispite these accusations, I am an honest and humble bard."

Spear laughs a deep lauugh, ,,Spear," 

,,Myst," says Myst. She smiles and waves at Carlos.

,,Thanks for the light," says Carlos. He looks at William, How's the mage?"        

William shrugs, ,,Alive." 

Carlos says, ,,You have my money?""

Spear lifts bastard sword,  ,,There are two walking  along the treeline."

William grabs hilt of sword. Myst pulls robe back revealilng a mace snapped to thigh.

Carlos raise hand. ,,Hi, Carlos the Barded Dwarf."

,,Jan," says a voice.

,,That's short for Janery."

The shadows step from trees and into moon light to  become sharply defined women. Their features round and sharp. Both taller than Carlos, but shorter than William. 

One wears leather ammor covered with metal studds like small rivits of the Metal Bridge of Deep Keep.

Moon light illuminates her smile, the same voice says, ,,Kirren."

Jan says, ,,Thank you." She looks at Kirren. Then at Carlos, ,,And sorry for the hurting and not helping."

Carlos winks moon light from eye. ,,You put it out."

Jan looks at Carlos, ,,I did."

,,And the tree," says Carlos.

,,Yes."

Carlos looks back at road.

The groups near road. Their torches small dots.

Carlos we should introduce ourselve walk walk to the house," says Carlos. He falls in step with Jan and Kirra.   

,,Jen and Kirra," says He says, "William lives here. Myst and Spear, I just met."

Jen looks back at Myst, William and Spear, nods, looks forward.  Kirra looks, ,,Let me guess. Willliam is the one with the chain mail and Spear the one wearing next to nothing and a really big sword."

Carlos smiles, looks at Jen, ,,My mother was a druid."

Kirra looks at Carlos.

Jen looks forward and smiles, ,,My family is of water."

,,Mom, well, she had a magical gift and studying and using stone and earth. She was a Daughter of Stone. A Child of Earth," says Carlos.

Jen smiles at Carlos, ,,I know a few Dauther of Stone." Her smile soften and her stare become wet, "She must have been hurt when the order." Jen stops talking and looks forward. 

Kirra looks away from Carlos.

Carlos says, ,,I learned to caste animal illusions. I started as a thief helping an illusionist puppetier steal from the pockets. I even fought for money. A mercinary. My mom convinced me to focus on some new order called Child of Earth. She was one of the founding members. I was one of the first non founding members." Carlos sees he fire dot disappear behind the tree line West. 

Jen says walking through tall yellow grass, ,,Illusions. The owl."

,,Yes," says Carlos, "Animals or illusions to enhanse animal features."

Kirra says, ,,Can you make Spear less hairy and big?"

Carlos grins, ,,Yes." He looks back and winks at Spear and sees Myst and William smile.

The walk through the field by the stable.

,,I need to feed and walk with Bucky," say William, "I will be right in."

They others enter the house through the kitchen door.  

Myst runss to a steaming bot. She grabs a cup and pour hot water into it. ,,Tea."

,,Yes, please," says Kirra.

Myst grabs another cup hanging from hook over stove, fills both cups with water and walk them over to table near the group. 

The group looks around and at the counters and each other.

Myst opens satchel on table and pulls out leather pouch, pulls the end of the bow. 

The sack opens. The smell of chai flows out.

Carlos says, ,,Myst. Where's the caster."

Myst points to the reading rooms curtain. ,,There. Be quiet please."

Carlos winks and walk to the 

Myst pours the chai into hot water, hand  cup to Kirra, says, ,,Staying in town or passing through."

Kirra sips and smiles, ,,Passing through. Going to the Swamp Valley." 

,,Going to." Myst nods heard and hold cup between hand and blows on top. She looks at Jen, ,,Going to heal the swamp."

Jan looks at Myst and nods.   

Spear looks around at Kirra, Jan and Myst. He looks at West kitchen door way and walks out.

,,Goodbye," says Kirra.

Myst sips tea, stares at Kirra, ,,And what do you want?"

Kirra drinks tea, nods head, says, ,,Beat things with my hands and feet." She smiles.

Carlos walks from the reading room and stops by the stone table, says, ,,You two might want to stay around here tonight. The townies are likely be go looking for you are more drinking." He looks at Myst nods, "Going to get my money." He walk out the west door of Kitchen.  

William brushes Buckey's rear leg. Spear stands and watches.
 
Lamp light flickers. Shadow of hay shifts and moves. Carlos looks at and walks by Shake. 

,,Buckey has a good servant," says Carlos.

William smiles. ,,He does." He looks at Carlos. "You want the money."

Carlos steps to Buckey and pets and scratches between ears. ,,I'd like to be on my way before I eat you out of house and home."

Willliam watches each brush. ,,I don't have all of it."

Carlos forces laugh to mock. He pivots head side to side and looks at Spear, ,,Is he a jester?"

Spear folds arms.

Shake steps from shadows and pulls back hood of cloak.

William stop brushing and turn to face Carlos, nods at Shake, ,,Shake borrowed some. And..."

Carlos scawfs. He shakes head, ,,Never loan money to a theive."

Shake slides dagger from foldes of cloak and lets its blade reflect fire light before disappearing between folds of cloak.

Carlos clenches jaw, then relaxes. He laughs soft and smiles, ,,Give me what you have and I'll be off. This story is a written story."

William focuses on the bush slowly flows over Buckey's back. ,,Myst knows where the money is at unless."

Carlos begins to walk from the stable door. 

William says with raised voice, "Unless you wish to get a cut of what we find in the Stone Valley Keep."

Carlos stops. He looks half back and smiles showing half a smile to William. ,,How good are you darts?"

,,A little better." William doesn't look away from Buckey."But not as good as you."  

Carlos walks walk toward the East road and pulls a flute from sashe. He rubs the tip of flute with sash. 

,,HALF THE WEALTH," loudly says William.

Carlos stops, holds flute before lips. ,,HALF." 

,,HALF," says William.

Carlos walks back to the door of the stable, ,,Half jewels, coins any valuables?"

Willaim stops brushing and takes brush off, ,,Yes."

Carlos walk and stands near William, ,,Magic items." 

Shake walks from shadows and walks behind Carlos.

William follows Shake the focus on Carlos, ,,Like we do all the time. Gamble or trade?"

,,Why do you need me?" says Carlos. 

William thrust arms out then up, ,,You're Carlos the Barded Dwarf!" Williams eyes open wide, "We need you lore and knowledge of the area to find this Keep."

,,Don't your parents have all that information." Carlos pulls on beard. "What keep do you want to find?"

Spear looks at William. William looks at Spears, says, ,,No,"

Carlos walk out of stable and says, ,,Don't think I don't know history of Stone Valley Keep." 

,,We don't need the ram," says Shake, "Or maybe it's a lamb. Or a yew/" Shake smiles.

,,I'm hungry and tired," says Carlos. He shrugs, "I'll let you tomorrow."

Carlos walked to the kitchen.

Jan kneels on ground. Her arms are spead with palms open. Eyes are covered with eyelids. A soft whistle escapes betweeen loose lips as he slowly exhales. Her body glows of moon light. The glow fades.

Carlos enters the kitchen.

Kirra and Myst laugh as they stand at opposite ends of the table.

Carlos walk to the fire pit and opens the top of a pot hanging from the ceiling. He lifts the list and smells. He graps a bowl and the lattle hanging on the side and pours stew into a bowl. 

Carlos looks to Myst as the stand smiling each other, ,,Spoon."

Myst walk to window pulls a spoon from a wooden self and gives it to Carlos. 

,,Thanks," says Carlos with a slight grumpy tone. He takes the spoon and bowl of food to the reading room. He sits on the other couch eats his food and stares at Minst. He falls asleep.


