The rope around the wheel stretches from the wheel to the wall through a ring along wall and a wooden wheel attached to wall with a metal bar.

The wooden wheel is bettween a row of small wheels below small rectanglar windows embedded in the stone and covering thing metal rod the size of a picky resting between the two edige of hte rectangle mirror and over one of there etching in rocks. 

The stone room is a square. An iron door with a wheel mounted on the center rests in the middle of one wall. Above the door is a small sqaure shaft opposite of another small square shaft. Cold air and a faint smell of smoke lows from the shaft above the door.

A series of metal pipe spaning from floor to celing cover one wall. Wheels are attached to the center of each pople. 

A pile of mold covered cloths is piled in a corer next to a cabnet with shelves broken and stacked with books. 

Mold and dust cover the floor, pipes, wheels and ceiling.

Myst crawls to Shake's side. 

Jan pulls from a cloth from bag and the bar of salve. She lifts Shake's head and rubs the bar over a cut on his forehead. 

,,Is he alive," says William.

Jan nods. She puts the savle in her bag and wraps the cloth around Shake's head and ties
a knot.

Kirra teeth chatter and bumps spread over skin.

Spear stands and walks to the pipes. He leans in and stares at the pipes. ,,Dwarven stone." He peers at the pipes.

A thin slime covers pipes and wheels. 

He looks back. "Beleived dwarf stone endured."

Jan pulls back Spear's eyes lids. ,,Age of the ladder spans hundreds of years."

Myst press palm againt Spear's head. ,,Reighn is silent."

,,He will wake," says Jan. She lowers Shake's head to the ground. 

Kirra huffs. She looks at William. ,,My impression of Shake is chaos." She takes off her pack and bow. Then unfassens belt pulling it through the loops. The scabbard and sheath hits the stone floor. 

William nods. He wipes slime and mud from the armor. ,,Shake is an extreme." He unlatches armor straps and pulls armor off body.

Armor clamors to ground. The clammor echoes through the saft.

Minst stands and walks to the iron door. He touch the cold and dirt covered wheel. He grabs and pulls the wheel.

The wheel creeks and the door doens't move.

Myst yawns. 

William and Kirra yawn.

Kirra takes off her cloths and begins to twist and pull on them wringing the water down the shaft. Her body trembles and pumps spread over body.

Armor clacks to the ground. 

Spear glances at Kirra's naked body then stares at William. ,,Feeling weighted down."

,,Dirty." William pulls off the best. plat and tosses at Spear.

Spear catches the brest plate. ,,Wow, light." 

William points to the row of pipes. ,,,Strong too."

Spear gabes on end of the brest plate and slams the brest plate agains the rows of pipes.

The pipes shake then rattle. A low moan and bang fill the room.

Everyone looks at the pipes.

The Armor doesn't vibrate. It doesn't bend. It scraps a metal pipe.

Spear lift and peers at the edges of the armor. ,,No nicks." He lifts and tosses tosses like a saucer to William. 

William catches the breast plate and tosses it to ground before Speors  feet. ,,Stomp it."

Spear's boot lifts and slams into the arch of breast plate.

The breast plate stops Spear's boot, scraps across floor. 

Myst looks at Spear. 

Spear nods, kicks the breast plate to William. 

William catches breast plate with guantlet hand and lays the breast plate on lap. 

,,Strong," says Spear.

,,Dwarven made," says William. "My great grandfather's." He pulls back and opens flap.

Mud and slime cover tunic and food sack. Slime covers the outside of pack.

William pulls out sack and tunic then pulls out a water staoked rag. Slime coats the outside of the rolled wet rag. ,,Slime."

Myst rubs bottom of cloak in Reighn's Star. ,,It's on my star." She pulls back pack flap pack. 

Slime covers an orange and an apple. ,,And the food."

,,It's edible," says Jan.

Myst licks an apple. 

A sharp acid shock flow from tongue to mouth the mean. 

Myst extends the apple to Jan. Her stomach feels to drops and hang full of weight. Her jaws.

Jan takes the apples. 

Sailiva filles Myst's mouth. Puke pushes saliva out.

Myst lurches for the shaft hole in enter of room, and puke falls through it.

William crawls to Myst.

Jan bites the apple and chews.

Kirra puts down her pants and grabs the apple from Jan, bites the apple and gives the apple back to Jan. She chews and nods then swallow. ,,That's pretty bad." She swallows. "Put it won't kill you."

Myst wipes her mouth and looks at Kirra. 

,,What now?" says Minst.

The bright light dims.

William sits and looks from Myst to Minst. ,,We find away out." He poinst to Shake. "I use the map to find and kill what ever it is that is using the goblins for an Army."

,,We," says Kirra. 

Jan nods. ,,Our quests are the same." She jams her hand in her pack and pulls out a pouch. From the pouch she pulls out a leave wrap in the shape of a finger. She opens the leaf to reveal a white power. With her finger, she pinches the power and sprinkles a few grain of the powder over over her fruit. She wraps the fruit in leaf and pouch.  The rubs an apple and pear with her plams. "The powder will neutralize the slim." She tosses the apple to William and the pear to Myst.

Spear watches the apple and pear be tossed and nods. ,,One less magic caster is one less to worry about." Spear feels the peer of Minst. "One less who seeks to pollute with magic." 

Minst nods. ,,I'm want to come along." He nods at William. "You saved me from bandits and from poison. And what better way to learn battle magic." Minst sits and yawns. He set is large sack on lap. "I meant to mean what do we do now."

,,Sleep," says Myst then spits down the shaft. Then bites apple and chews.

William pushes pack against wall, lays sword by side and dagger under pack, lays back and closes eyes.

,,Here?" says Minst. He looks around the room then at Myst. "Here in this water room." 

,,Water closet," says Spear.

,,This isn't a water closet," says Minst. He points to the glass pains and wheels. "This is control room to." He looks at Spear.

Spear tosses back to ground, lays back on stone and bastard sword by side. The sword's hilt is gripped.

Minst shrugs, pulls spell book from between the folds of elven mail. He opens the book and opens his sack. She then reads the book and begins to sort the small bags to wet and dry.

The light's illumincation dims casting shadows. 

Jan presses on Shakes head then on his chests. She nods.

,,He going to live," says William.

,,Yes." Jan lays on the stone curling into a ball covered by her wet wool rob. She pulls the hood over her head. 

,,Thank you, Jan," says William. 

Kirra dress in her damp tunic and leaters lacing and strapping the ties making sure the cloths press firm against her body forming to her shape. 

She sits and removes pouch of fishing line and hook coated with slime and a puch full of scent and a sheath of three daggers and slime cover leather patch.  She wipes slime from the items with her sleeves then puts the items inside pulling the tops tighit.

She puts her quiver, bow and sword before and begins to wipe the slime from the surfaces with the leather patch.

The light's illumination dims to near darkness.

Spear growns and grabs his side and press to pushout the pain. 

Minst looks at Spear. ,,Will I have first watch?"

Spear smiles. ,,No. I do."

Minst smiles.

Myst snores.

The light dims to darkness.

Myst sort wet and dry components and reads his spell book sucumbing to sleep.





