,,Runtik's inside the building,'' says Guile.

The build rises two stories near the base of the aquiduct.

The aquiduct rise like a very slowly growing wall from the ground and it spans to the rise toward the blood red mood.

Blood red light shines and shilouettes the flat desert, the waving horizon, the open highway, a one wagon caravan rolling to the Rise toward the blood red mood, the night and a  the three story building.    

The three story building is like a huge square block with lights glowing between shitters, curtains and open windows.

The three story building is like a huge square block with lights glowing between shitters, curtains and open windows. A tall wind tow rises to the sky. 

A small stable comes into veiw agains the Set side of hte buildling. A few oxen and many wagons are parked and hitchs. A few people stand in the dark against wagons.

A flut plays with the wind.

William puts and on hilt. ,,I will not leave this place until I find who hired Runtik to pull us through this city that killed Spear and has futher lead us away.''

Myst hums to words. ,,William, our song sings to spread the song of Reighn. Please see through the rage before we enter for we are still in a hidden land.''

,,Tyriniym,'' says Guile. ''We go Tyrinium. Dnon't know if Avatar killed. We go see.''

,,No,'' says Kirra. ''There. I go there.''

,,And after there?'' says Guile. Guile dips with a wave of pain. I kneels on one knee then preses hand agains need to stand. A wave of pain flows through body. 

,,don't know,'' says Kirra.

Guile sniffs and looks at William. ,,You.''

,,I,'' says William. He looks at Myst. ''I follow the Song of Reighn, and I will listen for it until I am sure the Avatar is dead.'' He looks at Guile. ''And that Song, for me begins with Runtik.''

,,Go to Tyrinum. Find out.'' says Guile. He squints and a wave or cheers and a rush of pure excitement flow sthrough him.

Kirra stands and stares. ,,Go to Tyrinum, Guile. Be with your kind.'' She pulls on her leather straps and her ankle braces. She walks along the highway toward the buildings.

The six oxgoblins and three wagons follow Kirra. 

Kirra straightens armor and chekces swords while Williama dn Myst hum. 

William and Myst hum a flat tone. The flat tone spans from their bodies while in their minds the hum flows with strings and a drum thumps of their hearts. 

A glimmer and a flash appear around the Water Hole building. 

People cheer and clap, stomps bang through windows, flow with wind and beat soft with Myst's tapping of her drum base.

William grips frist and clenches jaws. ,,Unless our song sings for Runtik's blood then I will sing with Myst and walk the road to find the truth of the Avatar.''

Guile sniffs pust hand on the Jewelled. ,,Runtik knows.''

,,Lies or money,'' says Kirra. ''Runtik knows.'' She glances and the one wagon team with Herold as the first riding to ward the Rise of the Blood Red Moon. She looks to the Set toward Oasis, twinkling lights, and a few shilouettes cast red and rolling toward them and the Rise.

Three caravans ride toward the stalled back. 

Kirra steps from the road. ,,Runtik knows who lead the path that killed Spear. Runtik works from Branching.'' She says. ''Want to return across the sea of sand.'' She sniffs and stares. ''Branching can. And we can avenge Spear.''

William grips the shaft under the head of Rose Warrior Hammer of Spear, and pulls it from holster on back. His hand slides along the shaft of grips the end of hte war hammar. He says, ,,Can't be good unless killing the bad.'' 

Myst stops the tap on the bottom of her drum.

Kirra steps from the wagon. 

The oxgoblins yank yoke and pull the wagon after kirra. 

Kirra clicks and clacks. 

The oxgoblins stop.

Kirra walk from they highway. 

Guile scampers to pull pack from wagon back. His feet kick the gravel of highway. ,,Body lies. What about...''

,,Leave it,'' say Kirra.

William stands and holds the warhammar. He stands by Myst.

Myst steps. She release drum, and drum hangs dangles from waist. She says in whispers, ,,Reighn we sing for thee through me for us to see...''

They stand.

Guile staps after Kirra. ,,What if they find and com after.''

She walks with hands at sides to the Water Hole. ,,We kill them.''

Myst and Willaims stand. William grabs the oxgoblins horn and pulls. 

Myst sings a click.

The oxgoblin hear a song of Reighn and follow Myst and Willaim. 

A guitar string strum and pluck strikes in Myst's mind and the minds of the oxgoboins.

William walks behind the oxgoblin glancing back into the red light of moon light shine over the road to darkness. With his light sight he sees nothing. 

A few oxgoboins bluster behind. An axles squeaks with clicks and clacks smacking though the dark.

William stesp away from the sound and with the cart. 

The cart follows Myst and Myst follows Kirra and Guile toward Water Hole.

From the Water Hole, lights shine from it's many windows. Dim lights glows over sihlouettes of wagons. A few oxgoblins bluster and click. They stomp. Fume of oxgoblins shit blow on the winds. A couple of people walk from the wagons to the porch of the Water Hole.

The doors of Water Hole burst hopen. A few people dance and stomp along the long wood porch. 

A flute whirls and twirls and spins around Myst's hum that sound through the dark. The wind blows feels to flow and dance with the flute. The toots and long blows flows around the night and create images from mind and play with Myst's humms and whistles guiding the oxen from the highway.

Kirra steps from highway to hard sand cut with wheel ruts.

Guile sniffs. ,,The wagon follows.''

Kirra says, ,,Find Runtik's mind inside.'' 

,,Wait thought,'' says Guile. ''Kill her with mind when see.''

Kirra steps closer to the porch. ,,Stay behind. I'll protect. Find and kill.''

Guile sniffs. He nods. 

Theye walk.

Myst follows with her sound sight and song leading the oxgoblins from the highway. 

The wagons rolls and pulls. 

Light shines over it.

William seem blood driping from the back of wagon.

A blood train drips from the wagon to the highway to the night.

William stesp and lifts the tarp.

Blood drips from the blood soaked tarp. Blood stands the dead hugoobilns body. Blood seeps into the sacks. Blood pools. Blood drips.

Will drips the tarp. She steps quick by Myst.

Myst whisltes, clicks and hums. 

William says, ,,We need to guide the cart to a location beyond. We need to lose the blood train dripping.

Myst hears William's words as lyrics to her song of Rieghn. She feels the lyrics changes the song adding a note that drops like a water ripple.

The song ripple flows over the wagons and through the blood.

William feels the ripple spreads and sees through Myst's song site show him the world and the blood trail.

The ripple noise like a low maon from Myst spreads and fades. As the sound fades to silence, the blood disappears. 

The wagon rolls on after Myst, who follows Kirra.

Kirra steps near the porch and stairs.

The sand stone stairs rise from the flat plane to a sandstone proces that spans the length of ten wagons. Wood rails raise around the porche, and wood poles rise to hold an wood awning over the poarch. 

Over the porch people drink and dance while some dance and sway. Hugoblins, dwarblins and two hobgoblins wearing desert wraps spins and lock arms. They kick and bow with the flut sounds that make the oxgoblins step to iits beat. A few dancers glance and smile a Kirra and Guile and wave. 

Then a dwarblins tries to sing with the flute. ,,And Bin's delight gives us a fright. For Bin's might has only risen to heavan.''

Two cups clash and ale splashes before Kirra as she steps to top step.

A dwarblin wearing old studded leather stand and kicks hills with a quicking wind of flut souund blowing from the open windows.

Through the open windows goblinkine raise their arms, shake their hands then sway there arms with the flute sounds like a happy bird and chatty mouse. 

The flute places and Kirra steps toward the dwarblins in desert wraps.

And the dwarblins kicks feet aginst the ground and opens arms. He says with no hint of click saysing, ,,You dance with Bin, and free you with sin.''

Kirra steps at the dwarblin.

The dwarblin blows, and Kirra pushed him to her Wane.

To her Wane, the dwarblins stumble steps then spins to a stand. His lips form a grin and he shouts. ,,WE DANCE FOR BIN!''

To Kirra's Rise a bath to door opens and spreads.

People on side look at Kirra and step aways. The turn their backs to her with spins and sways of hips. They look to the ground and the sky lifting their arms up-high.

,,KIRRA,'' shouts William as he walks with Myst and the oxgoboins team.

Kirra hears, but doesn't stop her walk toward wide wooden double doors.

Williams wides steps and says, ,,We need to follow Kirra before she kills to many.''

Thought notes and vibratoins, William feels Myst's agrees. Through notes and tones like a deep horn blowing, Myst hums.

William feels the song sing from Myst to the oxgoblins.

The oxgobilns pulling the wagons step from begins Myst and away from the porch toward the carts and oxgoblins harnessed and parked a stones throw from the Water Hole.

Myst leads William's walk up the steps.

William makes a steel fists and pulls long sword from sheath. He steps pu the stairs after Kirra and toward the double doors.

The double doors before Kirra burst open. Blue and green light beam between the bodies of moving beings. The flute sounds flow between the doors and pound with the drum bass lower than the floor.

A trio of soldiers arm in arm stumble and spin. The soldier in the middle drags feet and hangs head. One soldeir is cryiing whil the other shouts with song, ,,CAN'T BE GOOD IF THOUGHT BAD ALL THE LIVE THAT BIN HAS HAD!'' in tune with the song.

Kirra steps and  runs like a stead over the porch through the closing double doors between and over people standing shoulders to shoulder.

The door closes. And people dance and dip and spin and twirl with the flut sounds singing from the windows and the people.

Guile grabs the door and opens.

Red and blue lights shines over the heads of the crowd. The crowd press shoulders to shoulders. They pounds with a pound like flute toot that pushes it away. Mugs spill and clash.

Two bleechers rise to the side. Peopel heads on top of the bleechers leanagains the wall and hold on to rafters of the ceiling.

The thick oak rafters of the ceiling rise twice the height of Spear. Smoke hangs between the rafters

Sound filles the room and flows around the walls and people.

It feels Guile with calm and joy and rising and falling like a floating wind. He steps as the wind between the people and begins to flow. His mind throbing from mental should whispers no pain.

The doors shut behind Guile, and Williamd and Myst step quick up the steps and over the porch.

Myst says, ,,That is the sound of Carlos the Barded dwarf.''

William stops. He listens. He hears the flute flow and the small bird sounds tweeting then blowing long like the wind all in the same beat to keep the feet of those listening to dance.

The music flows from windows and from the hums of epople lips and taps of people's feet. The people sway and swish. The music flows joy and fear, happiness and sadnes
s. 

And then Carlos's voics sings. ,,If even the choas of bin is had, you remember Can't be good if thought bad!''

Then  a chorus of high pitched voices sing, ,,Can't be good if thought bad!''

,,Carlos,'' says William. William grabs the handle of Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer.

,,William,'' says Myst. 

,,Myst,'' says William.

A group of people grabs hands and throw shoulders over each other and begin to dance around in circles chanting, ,,Can't be happy if thought mad. It's a life of chaos to be had...''

,,We leave, now,'' says Myst. ''We leave now and we sing our song.''

William pulls the Spear's Rose Warrior Hammer from back.

The circle of people thread between William and the door.

''William,'' says Myst. She reaches and grabs Williams gloved steel hand. ''We don't need to-''

,,I do,'' says William. 

A person reaches to put an arm around Myst.

William pulls had steel hand from Myst and grabs the throat of the hugoblin desert trader's throat. He squeezes and pushes the hugoblin.

The hugoblin stumbles and falls. People grabs him and lift. 

The two soldiers arm in arm shout, ,,BIN.''

Myst steps away from William.

Willliam looks at Myst, clenches the hammar and opens the double doors into the Water Hole.

,,WILLIAM,'' shouts Myst louder than the music. ''OUR FIGHT AGAINST BIN IS DONE1''

William hears Myst as nothing more than noise dancing and flowing with Carlos's song.

The door opens and William seps into Water Hole and lets the door hang open.

Over the crowd, William sees Carlos the Barded Dward playing his flow and kick his heels on a stage on the other side of the large open room.

William sees the people and the color. William sees Kirra hanging from the rafters pulling back a bows string and aiming arrow at Carlos. 

Kirra fires an arrow from her Dragon Haired bow.



