Spear is awake. His eyes are open. The room is a dim glow. The contours shoft shades of dull color. The stone floor and the stone ceiling flat gray. The walls are thin dim reds, blues, yellows mixed in shades to outling the refief of a hand or the swirls and eteching

He smells rotten meat, blood, pile, feces, urine, wine and sweat of  Shake's cloths on the balcony. He hears William's breath. And smells Kirra's sweat with sage. Smells of sage flow from coves in stone wall. A mix of guango, sage, root, mildew, mint, curry, berries, beetles from a cover.

He smells, tastes and feels soft dew of Jan and the hard hormes of Myst.

A warm glow flows through an open balcony. Dim red shines into 
room.

Spear stands.

Bright beams of light turn sight white. The white dims. 

The room is illumniated. The edges of a table full of pork, lamb, shillen, fox, beaver, mutton. 

Spear grabs and pulls a leg of lamp with raw meat around the bone. He bite and chews feeling the tang and zing of blood and marrow and meat. He graps a thigh of fox and bites snapping small tensons iand into the marrow.

He walk over the stone floor chews and swallowing fox.

More lights shine.

William sleeps on floor wearing a white cover drapped over body and arms. His sword on the wall, sheathed and out of reach.

Kirra's bow and quiver lay on seat of rectangle table beyond reach or stride. Her sword is wedged between two seats. A dagger is clasped in hand. 

The wall with relief statuets and coves the height of Spear kneeling and the width of Spear plus a head.

Jan's is smell feel flows from a high cover. 

Spear looks at a cove near. His body warms, becomes hot. His muscles tighten.

Blood pumps.

Spear steps toward the cover. 

More lights shine.

Spear quints. The illumination dims. 

The eyes of statues stare at Spear. 

He stares back. He feels and smells Myst.

William snorts and shifts on stone. He grabs the hilt of dagger.

Spear steps from away from the cove by the round table cleared, William's armor piled by door and through door and by Shake.

Shakes sleeps with back in cornor of solid stone balcony rail. His hands hiddne beneath a sheet. The edge of two daggers outline knifes of sheet.

The bright lights shift darkness beyond the balcony. The shades of browns and reds acroos a distant sheer rock wall shade to gray and blue outlines of relieve windows and houses carves the roce wall. 

Spear peers and sees from the light into the night. 

Brown shades and lines change to red then to purple along the distant walls. The purples lines etch seven towers twisting in shapses. 

Deep gray and purples lines etch walkways and ramps and ladders hanging from a sheer, angled wall near horizontal at top. Dark outlines and specks move long the ladders and walkways on the wall.

A breeze blows upon Spear's nose. 

The smell of smoke and sage flow past. 

Kirra snore. 

A few lights dim to darkness.

Spear looks back. He steps between two large pots of water smelling of sage, sweat, blood, rot and piss and urine. He walk from the balcony.

The smell of Myst's sweat and sweat flesh scent. He steps toward the cove of bed.

Squeeks and talking is heard from the left from the door.

Another light dims to darkness. Another light shines.

Spear steps to a door and a spiral staircase.

A light shines across the stone walls show the relife image of seven towers on one side and a castle on the otherside of the door.

A light dims behind.

The talking and sqeaking is louder. Two voices speak common from a distant.  Musk and meat is smelled. A sweet smell pulls Spear to the door. Spear looks back.

The far side of the room dark with colored outlines of etched pictures and reliefs. 

Sees his sword laying by the stone chairs along the rectangle table of food and drink.

Spear's body pulls and steps Spear into the hall of the spiral staircase. It steps as Spear loooks into the light lite room. His swords dissappears as his body steps stairs.

Light shines behind. Colors and shapes illuminate before. 

The lines and curves of etched images of darves climping a mountain while fighting naked humans. The image etches shine bright white. The curves a darker shade. 

The spiral stairs twist, descend.

As the light dims behind and above, the lines and shades of curves of walls become bright as dust. Colors turn from light browns to darkbrown to red to back. 

Squeaks and murmuring come through the dim light. 

The dim sight brightens with each step down the steps. 

Spear press body against the inside spiralling starecase. The raised edges rub agianst Spear's back and he slowly strafes down the steps peering at the edge of the spiral turn. He steps down.

Spear looks up the spiral staircase then looks down. His mind wanting the sword. His body wanting to follow the smell of sweat and musks.

Chirps are heard. The tell Spear to walk forward feels Spear.

They Chirps rise and lower in frequency and volume telling Spear the stairs and the cave are now part of it. The chirps sing a song of hope and excitement.

Foot falls stepup stairs with an increasing volume of chirps. The foot falls are soft and flat. Firm feet free of boot step. A soft scrape against stone is heard every step.

Spears slows and lowers breathing. He clenches fist and stand as the Chirps come closer. Then the foot falls and light scraping sounds. He hears breathing of two creatures. 

A chirp is chirped near. The chirp echoes. It relaxes Spear, but don't stop Spear from leaping downstairs from inside wall to outside wall.

Two large rats stand on steps on hind legs. Their shapes short and stout. They forepaws hanging at sides holding a hammar and a pick. One stands before the other. Their arms and legs wide and furry. Their faces cover with fur covered faces and a long beard. Their noses and mouths protrude from faces. Their hears perk fro mhead top.

The wererat close to Spears chirps and twinkles dones. The wererat behind steps down stairs and waves hand and paw. It falls on all fours and steps down the stairs. 

Spear chirps. His chirp echoes around and through hall. The chirp fades then another chirp is. Spear points a paw to the rat and chirps.

The wererat chirps back. 

Spear feels the tone to step with them. The chirps and high and low sing a tonal song of the adventure and fun with the freedom of motion. Time to move, they chirps feel to say. 

Spear feels a warm breeze flow through fur. He lifts arms and sees fur from forearm to shoulder and a paw. The paw with five fingers wide with claws on tips. He raises hands and looks at rat thinking to say what am I in common. Only chirps are said.

Chirps relay with a tone of YES. NOW RUN WITH US.

Spear looks up the staircase. 

The two rat scamper down a few steps then stand on hind legs. The noses twitch and chirps cheering for a run.

Spear lowers paws to ground feeling the releasing stress and stain. He slowly steps down steps with head hovering close to the stairs.

The stairs level to a hall. 

Six large rats stand on all fours. They stand on hind legs and lower with noses twitching. The chirp high and short sounds sending a shiver of excitement through Spear's body. He scurryes to the pack of rats.

He chirps high and short spans and jerks forward. He nesstles nose in the fur of one large rat. 

His chirps as joined by the chirps of the other rats. 

The chirps become one harmonous stream of chirps sending a rush of warmth and energy through Spear.

One of the rats scurries along the hall, stops, stands on hind legs and looks back then lowers and scurries through the hall.

One, two, three then all the large rats run through the hall.

The wererats run.

Spear pulls and pushing arms and legs over stone ground. The reliefs of catapults, rams, ramparts, ships and canons fire along wall and from hall and through too to open stone and dirt. The nails claw stone and scrape and pull and push with paw.

The pack spreads and expand around Spear. 

They run to and along two huge iron doors carved in relief. They run along rough stone face to stone walls of carved and stacked stone fitted and raising high above. The run along the wall. 

They leap, run on wall, then leap to ground. 

They run into a door the run through a stone all and by reliefs of dwarves in linking amor holding both an pick and a hammer above heads and to the center of the hall's celing. The run by doors and halls with stairs. The run through another open door. 

The pack parts. Wererats scurry long the switch back stairs. Wererats scurry over side of switch back stairs and along wall.

They run along stone walls and down stairs stairs to smooth stone floors. The walls and paths and span and illuminate as day. 

Spear sees small and large packs of armored wererats walk in formation along the stone open area holding Halberds high as they march in hybrid form alon the open flat stone from gate. 

The pack runs by the marching armored wererats then merge and runs through a stone arch wide as huge doors. The path through the arch speads and spans between stone and metal The pack runs through an alley over the stone floor of blocks etched from stone floor creating relief bricks. 

The rats run in pairs shoulder to shoulder and hip to hip.

Spear chirps and looks left and feels the legs and arms pull and push a longer the alley and up stairs and a slope cut into the stone cavern walls. 

The run up the incline of bricks and steps.

The rats run around along walls and over a dwarfs climbing the stairs. 

Dwarves step back and pull young dwarves and underdark goats from the path.

Chirps are heard.

Spear feels a flow of burning heat purify body. The focus hones: ForwardHe grabs and claws up and along the wall and over a dwarf ducking  on a stare. The arch loke a rainbow up and over to the stairs. He chirps and squeeks and  huffs up.

The pack reaches a peak and trails end. Left, the pack runs widing to a jostling group.

The path a wide nearly vertical stepped path along the cavern all above the rows and columns of buildings spanning along to a distant darkness.

The rats run along along wall's skinny carved ledges, the waves to the shore of a reflief of Creation From The Ocean. They run toward the red light. 

The red light casting away to shades of gray and white. The red dims the mountains and trees that span up the cavern wall from the waves of the Ocean of Life. The red light illuminates the rats black fur. 

Spear runs for the read light. Hid clawed foot and hand climb and run long ledge as wide as his hand.

The rat pack run along the wall then down the wall aloing the reflief ripples of the Ocean of lIfe carving to warm stone flat upon the surface. They scurry with lines of dwarves with head hung low and pick and hammer over shoulder walk from the red glow. The rats fun by windows casting heat and light.

Warmth spreads through air and grown. The paws pad cool surface. 

To a wall of stone raising taller than trees end over end neds with a hue of red. Thin smell of ash and a veil of smoke billow and roll then rise from the fllor to the ceiling.

The rats run agains the wall then single file along its smooth and warm base.

Spear looks up and sees blue sky light hight above. A thick haze darkens the shaft. 

The lead rat runs from the wall and circles over the flat rock face before the wall. The other rats follow the lead rat in a circle until the pack is forms a circle.

The rats slow and stand and stare at the center of their circle.

Warmth, whisps of smoke, a dim red glow and rock spread around the cricle of rats.

The lead rat  shapes and shifts from a huge rat to a hybrid and a dwarf as it runs from the farside of the circle through the center and at Spear.

It leaps at Spear. Spear tries to step back but stumples. The rat tackles Spear. Spear and rat tumble over the stone like a ball of fur. 

The leader rat pushes and rolls on to the back of Spear the bite's Spear's neck.

Spear rolls off the leader rat then rolls onto back. His body that of a huge rat. He kicks and slashes paws and claws like running on the air.

The leader rat with it wide forearms graps Spears forelege and wrestles Spear to a halt.

Crips and squeels travel the low boom is heard.

The rats look up at the wall and the red illuminating top. The illumination grows and expands then contracts.

Spear frees forearms and legs then swipes claws acorss the stomach of the rat. The leader then rolls to legs and run to the center of the rat circle.

The rats chirp. A few rats slowly shift muscle and bones from rat to hybrid. A rat dwarve with hair and whisker beard. 

The chirps become hybrid cheers and deep rumbles as the leader runs to the cicle striking Spear upon the tip of nose in flash.

Spear's blurred world vibrates and settles. The stink of the nose fades. Spear swipes and dives at the leader rat. The paw swings through hair and grapples the  smaller of the two rats. 

Spear feels arms becomes strong and shove the leader againt the ground. Spear feels pains and muscle move and stretch displacing over frame. Spear is slamed to the gound.

Chirps and squeels cheer from the circle. 

The leader wererat's low crumbling and high chirping voice sends a chill through Spaer's body. 

Spear thrashes and shakes and rolls and runns to ground and scurries from the circle.

The red illumination dims spreading shades of gray over the coveren casting relief between the building aling the ground and the walls and the tall switch back stairs rising to the doors along the wall of stone above.

The pack of rats follow. The scamper and chirps fill Spear's mind as his paws patter against the cold stone.

Spear smells smoke, sweat, hormones from five of a pack of rats running to the very tall wall and red glow. He sniffs and follows the trail of the pack low to the ground. Spear follows the smell over the flat face of a flat stone surface. The shades of gray outline house

Spear feels the pack following him. He feels the pack scamper behind. He smells the hormone. He hears the soft chirps.

A group of armored dwarves and wererat hybrids march with armor point their Guisarme-Voulges horizontal.

Spear doesn't feel a stare from one of the marching band as he runs past and following by a pack of wererats.

The were rats slow shift and slide of muscle and bones from chest to shoulders and thighs. The bones move and the arms stride instead of push and pull. The wererats run. 

Two wererats behind the leader leap from the pack and land with outstretched paws and claws scrapping Spear's hindlegs. Two wererats hit and roll to stops as wererats leap over and follow the leader following Spear.

Spear runs to the switchback stairs up the cliff to the base of the wall to huge lift.

The pack leader runs from pack to Spear. 

The pack leader run side to sidew with Spear. The rat looks at Spear.

Spear looks at the ran and smells it's trail to the stairs and ups the stairs.

Spear sniffs and smells a sweet sweat and a pulsing fume of testosterone. Spear smells the trail up the switchback stairs as the pair switches back. Spear smells the leader rat and loses the trail. Spear looks from the leader rat to the stairs and follows the light gray surface guide stride of four legs. 

Spear smells sweat and stone. The dirt musk moist.

His nose hovers above step. Short whiskers protrude from shift jaw and nose. Spears arms pulled lower by muscle moving legs with legs.

Spear runs up switch backs with leader of the pack.

The pack remains at the base of the switch back stairs and sits and stares as Spear and the leader run up the stairs.

They run. They run up stairs and to one of open doors. The run for the
open door.

The leader of the pack slow run to scamper then stops.

Spear runs through the open door. He smells hormones. He smells the sweet dew of Myst. He runs up spiral stairs. He feels the rush of heat and sweat fumes filling body with a rush. He runs with the rush up the spiral stairs and into the lit room and William running at him with a sword.

