
Rats morph into dwarves. They shape bodies to stand erect. They scamper and squirm on all fours. The press and stare at the companion.

Whiskers and noses press close against faces. 

William is held against the ground. His body pressing into trash with the force of four naked dwarves and a rat-dwarf hybred holding arms, legs and chest.

Minst is covered and pressed benath and pile of rats and draws. A rat tail is wrapped around mouth. Bits of web stick between the fur of rats and Minst's skins and face.

Shake, Myst and Spear are against hte ladder.

A parameter, the lenght of a sword swing, spans from Shake, Myst and Spear and the rats, dwarfs and hybrids. 

,,Kirra!" says Spear.

,,Kirra," hears Kirra. 

Kirr and Jan steps on edige of tube rim.

The rats and dwarves and hybrids stand at the edge of the podium. 

,,Rats and dwarfs," says Kirra. She glances down at Spear. 

Spear dones. 

William shifts and squirms. ,,GET OFF! Or fight with honor!"

,,They're rats," says Shake.

,,You would be wise to train the rodent to shut mouth," says a dwarf stepping between presses fur and naked bodies. He body

Rats and dwarves stand shoulder to shoulder. Dwarfs and hybrid of rats and dwarfs walk from the back of the halls the front.

All eyes peer at the ladder  and the groups.

Above the rats morph and transfor to dwarfs. Huge rats run over the hills and return with rope wrapped armor bundles.

Rats pull from the trash swords and shields and chain mail and steel helmets.

Kirra raises her hands. Jan stares through the rows of rats and naked dwarves.

The dwarves and rats mummble and murmur a stead low talk.

A dwarf covered and trahs and slime and hair pushes between huge rats and dwarves and steps and looks put at Spear. He flexes his barrel chest and leans to Spear. ,,Climb." It says slow and firm.

Spear looks at the dwarf and slowly nods. He grabs the ladder and says loud, ,,Coming up!" He climbs. 

The dwarf slaps Myst's shoulder and grabs Shake. ,,Climb."

The dwarves and rats step back through the iron door frames free space. Huge rats scurry around and push noses through the piles of matted trash.

One by one the dwarves and huge rats dissappear into the darkness beyond the iron doors. leaving four packs of ten huge rats and dwarves surrounding the companions.

The talking dwarf pulls knife hanging from rope around waist. He places the knife by Minst throat. He says slow and percise. ,,Speak. Die."

William shakes and shoves a rat off chest.

The talking dwarf leans close to Minst spread its trash scent. He points to the ladder. ,,Climb." He cuts the arm of williams sack and takes  the sack throwing it over shoulder.

Minst nods and leads a procession of rats and dwarves to the ladder.

The talking dwarf watches Minst climb. he then walk to William and kneels. ,,Climb."

William squirms and pushes. ,,Where!"

The dwarf stands. ,,Up." He walks to the ladder and climbs. 

The dwarves and rats on Willaim lift paws and hands and step around William.

William rools on stomach then pushes up to a kneel. He looks side to side. He grabs the hilt of his swords and stands. 

William follow the rat procession and climbs the ladder followed by dwarfs.

The few huge rats scurry and nose through the trash. 

Kirra and Jan stand around portal and stare.

Spear says, ,,I need a path out."

Kirra looks down and steps away from tube opening. 

Spear, then Myst, then Shake, then Minst, then the talking dwarve, the William climb from the hole and stand with Jan and Kirra.

Dwarves and rats with body of Dwarves climb the ladder of the tube and stand and spread around the group.

The dwarves are clotherd in hide and plate mail armor. Each bronze, steel, iron,  plate a puzzle of shapes scenes fitting to for breast plates, shoulder plates, hip plates forearm plates, knee plates and shin plates. 

Each plate etched with reliefes of towns and buildings and sun sets and trees filleing each plate. Each plate conntects to form a shoulder section and a scene.

The armor is silent as it shifts and settles as the armored dwarves climb the ladder and step around the group.

They climb from the ladder and tighten the straps and fit plates on shoulders and chests. They fasten leather belts and motely tied rope belts. The look at the group.

The dwarf once naked and talking below walks to William pull tight a forearm plate etched of canyon opening to a sunset and land. He looks at William. ,,We walk. You walk with us." 

William looks over the hills and mounds of trash spotted with rats and dwarfs wearing hide, armor and naked. Hammer and picks are held in hands then looks at the group.

Spear nods. Kirra nods with Jan. Myst looks away. Minst shurgs. Shake shakes head. ,,Why?"

Wiliam peers at the dwarf. ,,My name is William."

,,Grun," says the dwarf. "We walk now."

Rats and dwarves on hill and mounds would over and beyond into the deep cistern and darkness. 

Minst says, ,,The light. Can I bring the light."

Grun pulls on forearm plat. He looks up at Minst. ,,If you need."

,,I don't know need, but-"

Grum raises a hand and waves it forward.

,,Why should we follow these, these," Shake looks back at William and then over the span fo rats spreading and walking away.

,,Wererats," says Kirra.

Minst snaps and points uo and spreads hands. 

The light from below rises from the tube and into the cavern.

The wererats in rat, hybrid and dwarf spread and walk over the trash between the spaces of use stone columns rising into the darkness above. 

The armor dwarves nudges William and Myst in the back and begin to walk forward with the wide and scatterd procession from the stone podium and and into the mounds and hills of trash.

,,Wererats," says Shake. He steps and walks to the edge of the stone podium.

Myst steps from the stone podium in to the trash. Her foot sinks into the trash the squishes up. ,,Where else we going to go?" says Myst holding her her nose.

,,Another sign from Rieghn," says Shake.

Spear steps into roots and rotting piles of mushrooms. ,,We have no path but the one we are given."

William steps to the edge og the trash and looks around at the unite of thirty armored dwarves. ,,Now are we in position to argue."

,,I want not to smell," says Myst.

Jan puts her hand into her satchel.

Two dwarvs grab Jan's arms.

Kirra puts out dagger and lunges for one for the dwarf neatest.

The dwarf thrust Jan between Kirra and self then both dwarves push jan into Kirra before Kirra feel a step. The dwarves step back and lift hammars. 

Jan hits the ground Kirra jumps over Jan and swings. 

One dwarf swings hammar hitting Kirra's hand wrapped around sword handle. Then swings the hammar sweeping Kirra's legs.

Kirra falls.

Then the dwarf raises the hammer and stands over Kirra.

Spear leaps and grapples the dwarf upon the chest pushing both into a pile of slime covered intestines and pig hooves.

,,FRA!" hollers Grun. 

Dwarves surrounding Spear and Kirra stop.

The armored dwarf below Spear wedge foot to Spears stomach and kicks him off then rolls to a stand grabbing and weilding a hammar.

Grun pushes William at Spear. ,,Stop."

William shoves back and peers at Grun.

Grun steps near William, Myst and Jan. ,,Stop and follow or continue and be bound."

The armored dwarves spread and form a circle defense holding hammars and picks.

Jan stands, pulls hand from satchel and holds up a small pouch. ,,Wax." Jan stands. "The pouch has wax for the nose holes."

Grun nods.

Kirra stand slaping off rotted mushrooms. Spear rolls on back.

Jan unties the pouch and fidgets fingers around a plant wrap then pinches off some wax. She kneels and stands picking up her staff with the hand holding the pouch and reach toward Myst. ,,For the smell."

Myst takes the wax and rolls it into two balls. 

,,Can I have some," says Minst.

,,And me," says William.

Myst puts the two balls in nose.

Jan pinches off some waxh and gives it to William and Minst then puts the pauch in statchel.

The dwarf laying near Spear stands and lowers an open hand. 

Spear nods and claps the dwarfs hand and stands with a pull from the dwarf.

,,Spear," says Spear.

,,Ton," says the dwarf.

Minst and William put wax in nose.

Jan's smile appears frome beneath hood of robe. ,,If you wish to breathe again, breathe through mouth."

Kirra stands and picks up bow from ground. 

The bow string is broke.

Ton walks from Spear to Kirra. She points to Kirra. ,,I fix."

Reighn speaks through Myst, ,,Reighn says we need not fear."

William looks at Myst and nods. Then peers at Shake.

Shake closes mouth and brushes pants and glances at William.

Kirra grabs bow. ,,I fix."

Ton nods and walks on to the trash and past Spear. ,,Grith Hung Grandit."

Spear looks at Grun. ,,She show you how to wrestle."

William still peers at Shake as he steps into and out of rotten roots  and bones of goblins, rotten leather.

Myst looks at William.

Jan taps staff on the podium and steps into trash.

Grun stands by Shake. ,,Move."

,,Or what?" says Shake.

Grun pivots head and steps into trash. ,,Trash monster will eat."

,,A real monster," says Shake stepping after Grun.

Grun nods. 

Spear steps with Ton.

Shake walks by Grun.

William follows Spear. He looks back at Myst. 

The share a stare. 

Myst breaks the stare to look at the gauntlet then away over the mounds and hills of trash.

Jan stands by Kirra touches he hand with hand then walks on bones and rotting leather.

The wererats spread and scatter over the mounds and hills.

Fumes of musk, feces, mint, sage, saw dust, spoiled mushrooms, beats puddles of decay. Fumes feel to coat skin leaving residue.

A whiff of decaying goblins intestines pushes Spear to stumble and eyes to water.

,,Need a cloth to wipe the tears," says Shake who then inhales and exhale through mouth and nose.

Light illuminates appearing and dissappearing reflecting eyes bouncing above and below the mounds. 

The Unite of Dwarves closes around the group then spreads. Two run fast and near silent over mounds and hill tops and return to peak to raise a hand. Five on  each side spread and walk into the darkness beyond the light. 

Grun, Ton and three other of the unit walk before, by and behind.  

,,What's the trash monster?" says Shake.

Grun looks back at Shake. He looks along the edges of Minst wide caste light then slows step to step with Shake. His stride wide and fast over the hard, soft then slick and dry trash floor.

Shake quick steps and slides and stumbles over the trash floor kicking bones and cans. His hand shakes and body shivers.

The focus wanes and he walks and hears Gun talk.

,,Trashmonster trash that attacks." Grun stops and closes his eyes, inhales then exhales steping sure and true with eyes shut. "It is a large creature that consumes trash. It is the trash." He open eyes and nods.

,,You hear that," says Shake look back at William.

William nods. ,,I hear." 

Minst watches the rats spread and hide beyond the light. He sees the rythm of their blinds across the span of light using the reflection of the light. He walks over trash and between great between the wide pillars of stone spaning from the trash floor to the darkness ceiling.

They walk in a spread formation.

Grun and Ton and the other three watch from eyeblink to eyeblink of the refliction of the light on rat eyes. They nod and shake.

,,Why," says William. He quick step over trahs floor tripping has his foot sinks. "Grun." He holds out hand William.

Grun looks at hand and nods. ,,Grun."

,,If you are mean no harm why did you not come upon us as friends and not ambush us," says William.

Grun looks at William. ,,What?"

,,He didn't understand, William," says Myst.

William glances back. ,,Can anyone caste something to help me understand? I don't want to be walking into a trap. No matter how big this trash monster." William lifts arms wide.

,,I can't speak dwarf," says Minst.

Kirra stepping fast and sure over the tash keeping in step with  the dwarven unit, looks at the shaft of her bow. ,,The dwarvish I know is not this dwarvish."

Light illuminiating the cistern shrinks its orb of brilliance. 

,,Why attach us?" says William.

Jan feels energy flow through the trash and under then fade. She looks at the ground. She steps on wood and cotton blankets full of dust and spores. ,,I felt and energy."

Kirra nods.

,,What kinds, how, how did it feel?" says Minst.

Grun looks at William. ,,There are many illusions."

Wililam nods. ,,But!"

Grun lifts hand.

,,Did it feel like the Trash Monster," smirks Shake.

Grun turn head looking at rat eyes reflecting the light in a pace of code. Grun raises arms above heard then lowers then spreads arms and lowers them to side. Grun smiles and looks to Ton and the other armor clad dwarves. ,,Trat Grea."

The eye lights disappears. 

Cans and wood blocks tumble down piles. 

,,Follow, Grun." Grun begins to run over the trash finding firm foot falls upon rotting bed posts, firm piles of cloths, platform of iron rods, over food and carcassas. He looks back. "NOW. Trash monster."

,,Really," smiles Shake. He look at the darknes and over the trash.

The amrmored dwarves begin a steady job up a hill of trash.

Grun looks back. The smile lifting his beard and widening his face. ,,Trash Monster race!"

,,Run," says William. He steps and strides behind Grun. "Where?"

Spear strides over the trash his run slowed to a jog as legs seep into the trash and pull out of the trash.

Kirra looks at Jan.

Jan nods.

Kirra and Jan walk to a jog. 

Jan finds foot falls to jog to a run. 

Minst grabs his sack and follows while Myst looks into the darkness. She then jogs after the group keeping her self from saying words to Reighn.

The armored dwarven until talk and laugh as the scramble over a hill of trash. 

A hill beginning to vibrate. Maggot infest flanks of beef, black balls of grease, cans, bundles of cloths stuck together will pile roll are kicked and pulled down the trash hill sides as the dwarves use hands and feet to climb.

The energy spreads and rises under the feet and into Jan.

Jan holler. ,,RUN UP." She quickens step digging with legs for a footfall.

Kirra, Spear, Shake, Jan, Minst and Myst run but the trash hill.

Trash slides and piles. Arsm and feet collect greas and slime and sludge. Paper and twine pieces stick to arms and legs.

A pain staps Spear's side. He grimices and climbs.

The energy below builds and focuses under the trash hill.

Jan feels a mass of energy deep into the trash. ,,BELOW."

The dwarven armor unit, spread over mounds and hills, reach trash hill tops and stand. 

,,RUN FAST," hollers Grun.

The ground shakes and shuffles. A scraping, popping, cracking, thumping deafens. The hill sinks the pushes up.

William looks at other trash hills.

Their tops and bodies remain still and clam. The armored dwarfs on top point to William and the hill.

William falls back. His sword slides form sheath.

Shake sees William fall. He sees the sword slip out. He stops the climb and run along the side of the hill sinking to ankle, then to waste then to knee step after step.

The swords settles and pile of much covered pastries. The sword sinks with the shake  and rumble. 

,,SPEAR!" yells Shake as he lunges for the sword grabbing the sword blade.

Spear, near the top, descends with leaps and strides landing near William. 

The sword cuts into Shakes flesh. 

Shake pulls, sees hilt and grabs hilt and climbs. 

William lifts and glasps Spear's extended arm. 

The trash shakes.

The trash hill jumps. Everone is pushed up. Individual pieces of trash raise between bodies. Spear and William separate. Then things fall and hit.

Shake's face falls into pile of molded cotton.          

Everyone lands in trash. Steam and fumes cover. 

The trash hill rummbles and shakes.

Grun stands and pulls legs for trash hole. Grun grabs Spear's ankle and pulls Spear. Spear grabs William's ankle and pulls. Two more dwarves clamer down. 

Kirra says, ,,Stay," looking at Minst, Myst and Jan as she pulls from bow shaft and hand from trahs. She crawls toward Spear. 

Two dwarves pull on Spear. 

Spear holds on to William.

William is covered in trash. 

,,What was that!" says Shake. His feet shift and slide and body waves. "The hill's alive!"

Energy spreads below.

The trash hill settles.

Grun laughs and smiles, helps pulls Spear and William out of the trash.

Kirra skid and slides down trash hill side, grabs Shake and pulls him to feet.

,,TRASH MONSTER!" shouts Grun.

Ton walks before Minst and Jan shaking and shifting legs surround by soot, mold, sludge and bundled bits of hide. 

Jan pulls her staff from rotten vines that are shook off. She grabs Ton's hand and steps with Ton's pull. 

The hills shifts.

Energy expands across the trash below and spreads to touch Jan.

Dwarves smile and talk. Two laugh and jumb around on the mounds and hills of trash through the darkness. 

Minst pulls out of trash and looks up.

The light illuminates a stone ceiling nearly two tree hights above.

Energy conversges below Jan.

,,I feel it coming," says Jan.

Myst nods and looks from Ton, nods and forces a smile. She opens her mouth then closes it as the fresh fumues of turned trash fill mouth and nostrals.

William pulls of bundle of clothings from around head and shakes and looks around. ,,My sword."

Shake raises the sword. 

Spear stands and looks over the trash ground feeling close to the ground that before.

Dwarves on other hills and the mounds begin running down the hills and into the darkness disappearing. 

Grun points into the darkness. ,,RUN!'' He pulls on William and nudges Spear and scampers over the trash hill's top.

The six dwarven warrir run over the hill and into the darkness. 

Myst, Minst and Jan follow. Jan looks back. 

Kirra steps looking at Spear and William. Then steps up the hill slipping with each step.

Grabbing his sword, William follows Spear, Shake and Kirra over and down the hill

The light illumindates mounds and hills of trassh spread between stone pilers

Sliding and shifting trash piles before feet and legs. Trash is kicked asided with feet and legs.

Shake hits a solid surface and tumbles then stands and jumps down side of hill to base.

The dwaves spread and run forward.

The companions follow. 

The illumincation contracts near the the group and at the edges of the dwaves.

Engery flows from below leaving a tremor in wake.

,,It's moving," says Jan.

Minst falls  upon moss and silt and slime. Slime overs hands and bodies.

Spear grabs Minst and lifts. 

Minst's bag opens spilling component bags on to the trash.

The light dims to hide the running dwarves.

,,LIGHT," hollers William.

Dwarf cheer and laughter echo into the darkness. Then bang booms. Trash flies from the right spraying around. 

The light disappears. 

,,RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERE!" halleer Grun.

Six flames appear in the distant darkness before the companions. The lights spread to dance over the dwarves holding the torches giving a point to run.

Foot falls hit upon the hard, soft, wet, dry ground. 

The six flames and dwarves rise up the side of a trash hill. Three stop and run toward the group leading with their torch flames.

The energy flows deep below then swirls to focus.

,,IT'S BELOW," hallers Jan between breaths.

"RUN FAST," holler Grun. The torch carrying dwarves run up the trash hill while three stand still.

The ground shakes and shifts. 

Kirra, Jan, Myst, Minst run between the three torches. The look back only seeing the light to darkness. They stop. 

Grun looks back and points at the lights running up the hill. ,,RUN. NOW."

They run. 

The three dwarves stand as Shake, Spear and William run past. 

William and Spear stops leaving for Shake to scramble lone to the the hill and the lights.

William breathes. His lungs burn and wax in nose is pulled deep. ,,We run together."

Grun, Ton and another dwarf stand starring in the darkness. 

The ground jolts and shakes. Then the ground calms and quiet follows. 

The deep breathing fills ears and minds. 

,,What now?" says William. 

Grun, Ton and another dwarf step back, turn and run toward William. ,,Run top hill."

,,Why!" says Willam.

,,Trash Monster," says Grun passing. 

Willam pivots head side to side and peers into the darkness. 

,,William," says Shake. 

Spear grabs William's shoulder. He steps away. ,,Think later."

The trash sakes sifting their legs inot the trash.

William looks and Spear and Shakes and runs with them after the tourches.

The ground below lifts taking William, Spear and Shake with it. 

The fire light illumintates the increasing span of space between William, Spear, Shake and the ground. 

Bits rotted food, wooden dolls, presses cotton fall and flutterd down.

A torch streaks from hill base to the raising trash column. Wind rushes and damped the sound of a faint yell. ,,JUUUUUUUUUMP!"

The ground stops.

Spear, Shake, William rise from ground then fall flat. 

The ground falls and spreads beccoming loose. 

Spear sees Minst run between two torches and stand.

Minst seaches sack pushing aside small component back labelled with runes written in glowing blood of cavern worms and pulls out a bage and squishes it. A swirl of rainbow shifts and forms in fades in Minst's mind then appears around minst casting light.

Ligt shines illuminating everything within Minst's sight.

It illuminates the land of trash. It illuminates the dwarves, the group. It illuminates a tall column of trash rising to a stone ceiling. It's base spreads coming closer to Minst and the three dwarves.

Myst watch William rise upon the trash column. 

The tube widens rushing over the trash like a title wave lifting water.

Ton runs from the base of the trash hill.

Jan grabs Mysts hand and holds it firm. The three dwarves stand and watch.

Kirra runs down the hill leaping and sliding and slipping to the bottom and toward the trash monster.

Grun's body morphes into a dwarf rat. Arms lenghten, fur sprouts, nose, ears lift and grow, whisker sprout. Beard hangs.

The armor plates spread and shift arragning to the new rat dwarf body.

Ton leaps into the rush of trash and lifts to to the shooting to the ceiling.

The trash begins to shoot like a cone to a center point.

The center of the widening column of trash falls.

William, Spear and Shake fall with trash. 

Ton flies up on trash, leaps, hits Spear and shake.

Spear and Shake hit William. Their bodies fall into the trash shooting to the celing.

Ton falls.

Below a deep hole hides bottom with darkness. 

Myst lets go of Jan's hand and runs down the hill.

Two dwarves follow. 

A collective energy growing from Myst and Jan with the mold and bacteria fades. 

Grun steps before Kirra. The runs to the trash. Kirra runs to the side. The other dwarf grabs her and holds her. 

Kirra pushes. 

The dwarf poinst up.

William, Spear and shake flie through the air over Grun.

Grun leaps dives inot the trash peicing the rising wiall of trash and through the falling wall of trash. 

Ton falls past into the dark hole.

Grun passess above and peirces through the wall of rising trash and lands on the trash ground.

All trash falls.

Spear, Shake and William fly then fall to the top of the hill trash

The dwarf on Kirra stands and runs to the falling trash as bits of trash falls. It dives and hits a loose mounnd. 

Trash piles over head and chest. Trash hits Kirra and piles around. Trash plops and slaps and splats. Trash flies with Willam, Shake and Spear until it hits the side of the hill below Jan the the other armored dwarves. Trash settles and leaves only a small mound on the trash ground.

Kirra stands and runs to the dwarf half stuck under mound of trash.

Myst runs then stops following the landing and rolling of Spear, Shake and William down the hill. She runs up the hill and kneels by William pulling.

Three dwarfs standing on top of the hill kneel and stare at the mound.

Emotion flows over Jan. 

A tear falls from her eye.

Jan stares at the mound.

The mound shakes and shifts as the dwarf half under trash shakes and pushes as Kirra pulls. 

Grun scatters around mound and diggs trash off the mound. ,,Hu." Grun says, "Hu."

The dwarf lifts head from trash. ,,GRUN!" The dwarf smiles.

,,HU!" The hug and part. They stands and look at the trash.

,,Do we need to run!" says Kirra stepping from Grun and Hu toward the trash hill.

Grun and Hu stare at the new small mound and kneel.

Kirra runs to and up the trash hill to Spear, William, Shake.

William pulls gauntlet covered hand from trash looking over its surface. He rolls to back then to stands. ,,Spear. We need to climb."

Shake groans and rubs head. ,,OUCH!"

Spear lays fetal with face agains ground. His arms wrap around chest and stomach. pushing against pain stabbing side of chest.

Myst looks at William.

They stare then William kneels by Spear and looks at the trash ground.

,,Spear." says William, "We should climb."  

,,Dwarves do not fear its return," says Kirra.

Shake rubs his face and looks at his palm covered in blood and slime. ,,It got one of their herd."

,,Or what ever it is is full," says Minst.

Myst nods and kneels by Spear.

Spear moves and  feels the stabbing pain drive deeper. His jaw clenches and muscles flex and got taut. The scream is swallowed.

Myst kneels and looks at Jan. ,,JAN!"

Jan stares at the mound. Tears fall down face.

The dwarfs, close eyes and hum. 

,,JAN!" says Myst. She looks at Spear. "Spear, I need you to lay on you back."

,,What about." Spear clenches teeth. "That thing." He unrolls and lays on back.

A red and black bruise spans from hip to arm pit

William looks at Spear then at the two dwarfs. ,,Weren't there thee dwarves."

Spear clenches teeth and nod.

"I wonder," William strides down hill

All the dwarves raise arms and lower arms with open palms. 

Shake stands and follows William. He brushes past Minst looking up from his palm to Minst, winks, ,,Maybe the light scared the trash monster?" He steps down the hill taking time to step down the hill lookin around the surrounding area illuminated by light.

William walks to the mound and begins moving trash from the mound. ,,Grun." William says. He looks back.

The kneel with eyes closed in a hand down pose. 

"Grun." He tosses bundle bound twine, rottin mushroom, twine, mass of mold and rot. "Grun."

The dwarves they stand and open eyes.

,,Dead." Grun says.

,,Can't we dig," says William.

,,No," says Grun.

Shake stands behind the dwarves and say, ,,Is it coming back for us?"

Grun glances at Shake as he pass and climbs the hill of rash. ,,Soon." He raise a hand and opens palm the lowers palm forward. His body shapes and shifts into the dwarf. The armor slides and shifts.

William looks to Shake and they walk behind grun stepping fast to keep up with his jog.

The dwarves standing by Jan turn and quick step down the hill.

Jan looks at the mound and feels a mass of sorrow eminating from it. She wipes tears from cheeks and steps down hill to Kirra, Myst, Spear and Minst.

Spear glenches teeth as Myst presses under his armpit.     

,,This feels bad," says Myst. "I don't know. Reighn...It's."            

,,The dwarf calling itself Grun nears," says Kirra glancing from the base to Jan.

Minst sits on the ground and opens up is large sack shifting and stuffing the small components bag in various parts of the sack. His body tenses, and he slides hand between the folds of his elven chain mail and touches the spine of folded spell  book. He relaxes and continues inspection and arrangement of small component bags.

Jan stand behind him. ,,We need to bind his chest." She opens her satchel and pull out a leather pouch. She dumps two brown nut sized balls on to plam the closes the leather pouch and puts in satchel. "Swallow these." She puts the brown balls in Spear's mouth.

He swallows.

Grun walks to the group and looks at Spear, ,,Can you walk?"

Spear nods. 

,,He can't," says Myst.

,,Bind the body. He'll walk," says Grun.

,,You're speaking more fluent now," says Shake.

,,I am not in a rush," says Grun. He looks at Kirra. "I apologize if we harmed you. However, we felt there wasn't time to explain." He looks at the mound. "It is evident we were late."

,,What happened?" says Kirra.

,,Ton saved us," says Spear through tense jaw.

,,The monster creates a hole and pushes trash to draw people in and clear space for the whole." Grun kneel by Spear and presses hand on his side.

Spear clenches teeth as a tinkling sensation of warmth spreads from stomach and head. 

Grun press then looks at Spear. ,,Your ribs are broke." He stands and takes of breast plate and then hide tunic. His bare harry chest is round and protruded with muschle and round stomach. He slidesa dagger from a sheath imbedded in a section of his hip plate and cuts the tunic from wast to neck in one long strip. "Help lift."

,,Shouldn't we wait until what Jan gave him to set in," says Jan.

,,There is not the time," says Grun

William helps Spear sit up. 

Grun wraps spear with quick even wraps as the gather watch. He near and exhale and relaxation and Grun ties of the tie. Then slaps William's breast plate. ,,Pick him up. We go."

William kneels and helps Spear stand.

Spear graons and clenches teeth.

,,There is nothing wrong with a good scream or roar to let the pain out," says Grun. 

,,It hurts to roar," says Spear.

,,In deed it should," Grun steps and walks up the hill. "Ton hit you good."

Myst looks the stares and nods at William. 

William steady's Spear's arm over shoulder and Spear's arm pit on shoulder. He looks down at the ground staring that the bottles and cans stuck in compost. ,,How may we show our respect to Ton.?"

Grun looks at William and squints and shrugs.

Spear takes eye contact and connects a stare as the walk.  Spear says, ,,How may we honor Ton's life?"

Grun softly nods and looks back at the mound while climbing. ,,Ton would want you to learn to grapple a dwarf."

A pain stabs Spear's chest as Minst stumbles up and over a gewpy pumpkin. 

Minst says, ,,We will stink forever."

,,That you may," says Grun. He walks forward.

,,What do you to honor you dead?" says Grun.

,,Myst," says William.

Myst huffs a huff only William hears. 

,,We feel their energy fade from this shape as it finds new life to live," says Grun.

Myst nods.

,,That's beautiful," says Jan.

,,Indeed," Nods Grun.

All nod and walk and follow Grun's pace and silence.

They walk over and down the hill the step fast around mounds and hills over the trash land.

They rub and scratch head, knees, arms and hands. Minst scratches neck. Myst rubs shoulder. And William tries to itch a stratch under breat plate, but only succeeds in shifting  Spear and causing a jabbing pain in Spear's side.

Jan feel calm as see focuse body and mind to flow around and seek roots and bugs and creatures of life. The force spread arond a mass of tenticals storing energy. It feels the bugs and maggots and roaches and worm eating and grwoing. It spreads through the stone and fades. It spreads through wererats and rats running along the trash floor toward a wall of stone. The energy flows through stone and through dwarves walking up a stone spiral staircase through halls and small rooms filled with sleeping dwarves and to the end of a large cavern before the energy contracts.

,,Jan," says Kirra.

Jan sees...





