
,,What are we going to do?" says William as he stares at the flames of the fire.

Spear looks at William. He tosses roots on the fire.

Kirra puts flint, steal, and char in thin oval container. The she slips the container betteen the layers of her boot then rolls the the boot from knee to ankle. She looks at William. ,,Leave this place soon."

,,How?" says William. He points up. "The roof." He looks at Kirra. Then behind Kirra at Jan.

Jan falls from her sitting position to a fetal position.

Kirra looks behind, stands and runs to Jan. Spear stand with William and follow Kirra.

They reach the acid pool's edge finding Jan in a fetal position.

Jan  face is relaxed. Her hands form balls clenching. Her mouth grinds and pops jaw. Her neck mucsles are tight. Then her body relaxes and spread from a fetal position to and open supine. She opne eyes.

,,Jan," says Kirra.

Jan looks up. She sits up then stands. Her body sways.

Kirra grabs Jan's shoulders. 

They stare.

,,Jan," says Kirra.

Jan blinks. ,,I felt something. Beyond." She looks at William. "I felt you are connected to the dragon eggs. I felt." She looks over the pool of acid. "I felt empathy. I felt fear. I felt me calming that fear. I felt..." Jan looks from Kirra, to Spear, to William. "The felt connected to you."

,,Me," says William. He points to the eggs. "To baby black dragons." He pivots head and smiles. "You're being silly."

Kirra peers at William.

Spear nods. ,,Before leaving on this quest, you said it was the swamp that felt to pull you here. Could this be what was pulling you here?"

Kirra and Jan look at Spear.

,,Maybe you should tell us a little more of your quest," says William. He looks at the pool of acid then the fire. He points to the fire. "Shall we?"

All nod and follow William and sit around the fire.

Jan digs hands into the deep folds of robe. She pulls out and apple and bites and chews. 

Spear and William stare at Jan while Kirra pushing the roots of the fire. 

Jan stares at the fire. ,,The order. The collective, the mother, felt the balance swaying."

William says, ,,Balance? What balance?"

Jan glances from fire to William to fire. ,,The balance of law and chaose, good and evil. The balance of life and death."

William contorts face by lowering oneside of brow and lifting one side of mouth and pushing skin to ripple on bridge of nose. ,,Order. Balance."

Jan looks at William. ,,The order feels the land. We seek to maintane a neutrality nature needs to thrive. The mother helps guide an order to maintain the neutrality by being unable to feel the land, but rather those of the order."

,,And now the balance is tipping," says Spear.

Jan nods.

,,So you were sent to find the balance?" says William nodding.

,,Yes," says Jan.

,,And these dragon eggs need to be destroyed to upset the balance!" says William nodding.

,,No," says Jan. "The feeling is that they need to be protected."

,,PROTECTED!" William shakes head

His voice echose. 

Buckey blusters and snots and clomp his heels through the darkance.

Wiliam looks at the tunnel. "Balance." He points to the pool of acid. His jaw clenches. Finger shakes. "Those things are evil. They..."

Spear rests a hand on his shoulders.

William relaxes. ,,I don't get it. I don't understand."

Jan stares at the fire. He voice near silent then raises to a talk. ,,,I felt a connection between the dragon eggs and." She looks at William. "A connection between the dragon eggs and you."

,,Me," says William. He points to self. "Me."

Jan nods. 

William push up off the ground with a hump and stands. "That's." he walk in a circle. "That's ridiculous." He stand and peers down at Jan. "What will I protect them from?" He lifts arms up. "And Why!"

Jan shrugs. ,,It is what I felt."

,,Maybe we should talk with Carlos," says Spear.

Spear, Kirra, Jan and William nod.

William picks up a long root, lowers and holds a tip into the fire, waits until it burns, then walks from the fire and into the darkness. 

Carlos lays on back. Chest raises and lower with the soft purr flowing from lips. 

Minst sit lotus with book upon lap starring at the open pages through the dark. Soft sounds and clicks follow a candence of his hands moving in circles and drawing lines through the air.

A row of small bags are stacked to a side.

Myst snores and snorts. 

William kneels by Carlos and lowers a hand to Carlos.

Carlos grabs William's hand and pulls William to the ground.

Ash and embers dance on the groud. Willam hits the ground.

Carlos rolls away from William and stands. A soft chuckle of Carlos is heard. ,,Heard you coming."

William grabs the root torch, stands and brushes pants with one hand. 

Minst looks from William to Carlos then back to the pages of his book.

,,We need help, Carlos." William point flame and root to the fire.

Carlos yawns and pushes arms out. ,,Help." Carlos bends neck side to side. "I need help sleeping."

,,Jan," says William. "See something." He looks toward the fire. "Felt something. No seeing. Felt."

Carlos sighs and walks to the fire. William follows him holding the torch forward. Buckey follows William.

,,A feeling," says Carlos. "First Shake's vision." He sit by the fire and raises open palms over the flames. "Now a feeling." He looks at the snake cooking on the rock. "I am feeling hungry myself."

Spear picks up a slice of snake and throws it over the fire to Carlos.

Carlos catches the snake then tosses it from and to hand then pops the piece in mouth. He chews. 

Everyone stares at Carlos.

Carlos swallows. ,,I can eat and listen." 

,,I felt a force flow from me and circle around the eggs. Then the feeling grew and encompassed William. And then it felt empathy and fear coming from the eggs. I felt like a need to protect them. I felt this force from William and the dragon eggs enter me. William." Jan looks at William. "Your force entered my heart. And the dragons' force entered by head. Then a weight. A weight felt to top my body between my heat and mind until I became balanced."

Carlos nods. He picks up a long root. ,,Have you felt like this before? Or a feeling similar?"

Jan nods. ,,I felt this during my calling. I felt and seen this valley."

,,And now you are here." Carlos pokes a piece of snake sizzling on a rock with the end of the root. "Maybe Shake's dreams was a vision?"

,,The only conclusion one could then conclude is you will kill me," says William.

Buckey clombs hooves and walks and stands by William.

,,One could conclude," says Carlos. He puts the snake flesh in mouth and chews and nods.

The stare at Carlos.

He swallows. ,,I will never know the true meaning of visions or feeling of mystic nature. I do understand metaphors, and the metaphors you define see to me to be telling us through you that protecting the dragon eggs is akin to protecting William."

,,The goblins?" says William while pulling out a knife. He cuts at the snake flesh. "Are we to protect the dragon eggs from the goblins?" He puts bits of flesh on the rocks then takes a piece for himself and blows on it.

Spear nods. ,,Could be the goblins are creating unbalance?"

Carlos chews and nods head.

,,How do we protect them?" says Kirra. "And when?"

Carlos chews and shrugs.

William stands and put a hand on Buckey's neck. ,,I don't care. Black Dragons are a bane. I will not destroy those cursed eggs, but I refuse to protect them no matter how they may be linked to me."

Carlos swallows. ,,When their parent returns those eggs will not need out protection."

,,When," says William.

,,When," says Carlos.

,,How soon?" says Spear.

Carlos shrugs. ,,I don't know." Carlos pokes another piece of snake with root. "Who caught this?"

Kirra looks to Spear. Spear nods. He says, ,,Me and Kirra."

,,It's good." Carlos looks at the head of snake. "You should keep the eyes, the tongue, the fangs." He leans forward. "You have the poison sacks." Carlos looks at Spear and blinks. "I can store those for you."

Spear smiles. He cuts more snake flesh from snake. He puts a slice in mouth and lays the rest on rocks surrounding the fire.

Kirra puts more roots on the fire. ,,What about Jan's vision," says Kirra.

Carlos nods. ,,Protecting William is first and formost. The group second. The dragon eggs third." Carlos stands and walk over to snake flesh warming on rock. "We should reason away out. And rest."

William nods. 

Jan and Kirra nod. Jan's eyes lower then open fast. Her slump becomes a postured sit.

,,What about climbing throug the ceiling," says Kirra. Fire light dances across her face then body as she stand and begins to pick up roots from the ground.

William pets the nose of Buckey. ,,Buckey, what about Buckey?"

Carlos looks up at the ceiling. ,,The ceiling may be our only hope of leaving. Maybe." He looks into the darkness of the tunnel. "I can caste invisibility, and if we remained in a group, we may be able to escape."

,,What about the teleport spell?" says William.

Carlos chews and shrugs.

,,Not me," says Spear. "Not after Branching."

Jan stands. She looks at the fire, bites the apples clasped in her hand, walks to the acid pool oand sits near its edge.

Kirra follows Jan's walk then looks at Spear. ,,Invisibility?"

Spear looks back to Kirra. ,,If it works."

,,It should be night or near dusk by now." William grabs the hilt of his swords and steps to the fire. "We should become invisible and leave under the cloak of inivisibilty now." He looks down at Carlos. ,,Will Buckey become invisible."

Carlos swallows, and he nods. ,,We will all become invisible once study the spell and check my components."

,,The ceiling," says Spear. "I'll climb through the ceiling. Dig if I must."

Carlos takes two slim slices of snake from a hot rock. ,,If the invisiblility spell doesn't work then the ceiling may be the only exit for us all." 

Buckey blusters and snorts.

Carlos walks by Buckey. He stands by the head, points to the ceiling. ,,Worry not, Buckey, if we need to use the ceiling to leave we will all leave or all die." Carlos pops a piece of snake into mouth and chews and says, "And if we leave the dragon's lair we will be protecting the dragon eggs." Carlos walks into the darkness.

Kirra throws a pile of roots near the fire and walks to Jan.

William looks to Spear. Spear looks at William and shrugs.

Buckey snotts and walks backward, turns and walks to the distance.

William yawns.

,,Sleep," say Spear. "I will take first watch." He looks at Kirra and Jan. "They don't look like they're sleeping anytime soon."

William stretches arms and nods with a yawn. Hand over mouth, he says, ,,Yes." William stares into the fire following its flames flicker and lick the dimming cavern. "I hope Shake is safe."

,,Shake is a survivor," says Spear. His knife sinks deep into the snake behind its head. Spear cuts the head off the snake.

The mouth of the snake head closes. It's tail twists. The head separated from head.

Spear looks up. Blood covers his forearms and hands. ,,Sleep, William."

William nods.

Spear nods and picks up the snake skin and stretches it. ,,You should take that head and put in by Minst." Spear smiles wide not taking focus from the snake skin.

william lifts the head of the snake and holds it with one amr and hand. ,,I will do no such thing."  He picks up a long, stiff, root and lights the end with flame.

William and Spear create eye contact. They stare.

William and lowers head and walks with Buckey into the darkness.

The heavey snake head drips of blood leaving a trail from the fire to the camp.

William and Buckey walk quietly to the dark encampment. William lowers the root torch.

Myst sleeps against the cavern wall. Her head reast on her back and her bed roll. Her cloak wrapped and pulled tight around her body.

Minst lays flat on back in a spot cleared for the lenght and width of his body. His sack rest on his chest rasing and lowered with a soft snore.

Carlos lay with head propped on pack, arms folded over chest and under beard and loud snorts and snors coming from mouth and nose. 

William pivots head side to side dragging feet to the cavern wall then pulling his pack and laying it flat on ground. He unfassen his sword scabbard and knife sheath and drops them on ground while holding his sword's hilt. He lays on the ground and lays his sword at his side and his head on his back. With a trust and a twist into bone and scales he snuffs out the small torch light. 

William looks though the darkness to the dimming light of the dragons lair. He peers at spear gathering roots and peering at the snake skin stretched between rock.  He watches Spear toss more dried roots on the fire then he sleeps.

The illuminiation caste by Carlos dims to darkenss like dusk.

Spear puts more roots on the fire, cuts more snake skin and wanders through the darknesss watching for motion and environment change. He looks over at Kirra and Jan and see Jan sleeping near the shore of the acid lake and see Kirra cleaning and sharpening her sword.

Both Spear and Kirra remain awake as time passes.

After a time the illuminstion fades and the flickering light of the fire is all that is seen. 

Spear, done carving the snake, walks the darkness while cooking and stretching the snake until I feeling deep with in collects in the lungs and throat. He yawns.

Spear piles the cooked snake flesh on the dried snake skin and rolls it to a ball. he then lights a root torch wedge base between two rocks and tosses water from the lake of water to the fire.

Darkness covers all but the torce.

The light guides through the rocks and bones over the floor to the small clearing agains the wall of the tunnel.

Myst, Minst, William and Carlos lays sleeping. 

Spear kneels and puts the snake skin bundle against wall and shakes William's shoulder.

William wakes with a snort then a jolt! His hand grabs sword.

Spear grabs his hand, ,,Calm, my friend."

,,What," says William. He blinks and stares at Spear. "Darker."

Spear nods. ,,Kirra and Jan are by the acid pool." 

William grabs the torch and situp with back against the wall. He yawns and stretches. He stares into the night.

Spear lays on the ground and soon finds sleep.







