Dust and snow blow and sting, settle and remain. Rocks and boulders and pebbles, tree trunks, branches slide and bounce, land, settle. Dust plums and blows away. 

Eyes water. Myst coughs. Jan feels a snap and a flap of energy enter and spread through her.

Water splash and spread near their feet then receed.

Kirra stands. ,,Journey to the public house in Lyno,'' says Kirra. She grabs her bow, puts arm around Jan. ''Away from this noise.''

,,Have you been?'' says Myst clearing her throat. 

,,Dante called it a town,'' says Kirra. She steps toward the pile of dirt and vegetation. KIrra says, ,,Every town has a public house or it is no town.''

,,It's nothing. Nothing.'' His body sways and slumps to the ground. He puts his hads through the page ash spread over the ground

Myst looks at Kirra then coughs and pulls Minst close. 

Minst stares.

Myst says. ,,Mabye Dante defines a town different?''

,,If Dante does then a warrior he may not be.'' Kirra steps into the dusk and rubble.

Myst looks from Kirra to Minst. ,,Minst.''

Minst stares and mummbles. Minst feels an energy pulse through him and in him. He sees reliefs of trees, rocks and plants etch through the night with bright rainboow lines. The reliefs draw to the sky and spread through the canyon leaving a mark on tree, plants, animals as they die. His mind is feeld with the sound of the roar of the collapsing wall.

The roar of the collaping wall is heard by both William and Spear. The dust blows past. The run

William leads by strides. Branchs slap face. Ice cuts cheeks. He tries to peer into the darkness. He slows to a quick walk. His fist clenches and punches open palms spreading pain and pleasure. 

William swings and punches branches as he walks. The snow falls and spreads over face. The cold is melted with a pulses of rage beating from heart. ,,Mage,'' he says has he looks and peers and steps, punches a run knocking bark, ice from trunk. 

Snow falls.

Spear hears William say, ,, Mage,'' the punching of trees. He hears and feels the roar of the falling wall and pauses.

William pauses then runs on, and Spear follows as the cloud of dust blows and billow past.

Spear hears the coughs of Myst. An echo from the distant behind.

Myst holds Minst and beings to sing tones and notes soft and low near a whisper  by Minst's ear. Her Star of Reighn warms agains the chest.

Minst feels the warmth and feels the songs spread and dim the relief lines through the sky. ,,Where are we?'' He says as he stares.

,,Can he walk,'' says Kirra's distant voice. Her feet and hands grab and kick pebbles and rocks from the slide. ''The water is spreading.''

The water spreads through the snow and ice, around the trees.''                       

Myst stands pulling on Minst's arm.

Minist sits like a zombie staring for the spreading and fading magic.

The cold spread over ground Minst.

Minst's body shock pushes shout from mouths and focus to mind and jumps to stand.

Jan smiles as she feels the cold water seeps through the part of her cloak. Shivers and shock of ice cold water fortify the thrush of water.

Minst hollers, ,,COLD!''

Kirra says to self as Minst's work echoes. ,,We are no longer protected by canyon.''

As the words of Minst echo, William runs. Rage of hearing Minst's echo explosed as he walks to a stop and slams gauntlet into a tree one, twice, three, four.

The snow falls and tree cracks.

Spear hears the punching and runs through the branch. His sight like a dim like. He's four paws of claws scrap and pull and kick him along the trail following the pound. Then he sees a a blur a rope across the trail. He stops and follows the rope to a bundle of William's armor.

Another fist crack breaks the silence of the canyon

Spear grabs the rope and runs.

The cracks of William's guantlet fist pound agianst trunk replay to Minst scream.

,,Where are we?'' says Minst through deep breaths and shutter. 

Myst skips on small islands of snow and mud as the water spreads and flows beyond the light. With the pace of her step, see sings with Reighn. And Reighn spreads heat from its star.

The heat spreads like a sphere from Myst through Minst and Jan. Snow melts and the deep freeze of the water over Minst warms.

Kirra hears the crack of William's fist againt tree and hops down the tree. She lowers head and walks down the hill. ,,We need to leave.''

Jan grabs her staff and sloshes to the base of the mound of dirt to Kirra. ,,Yes.'' 
 
,,What about William?'' says Minst and he rubs away the last of the steaking relief lines.

,,Why would you care?,'' says Myst. She pushes back her claokc and jumps and skips toward Jan and Kirra as Minst stand and replies.

,,I know it's the glove. I know,'' says Minst.

Myst exhales and sighs.

Kirra says as she steps up the mound. ,,Leave the area. The light. We are no longer safe.''

Jan looks back at Minst then through the light to the top of the mound into the darkness. ,,If we travel to the top of pile we will be able see our distination and the our travelled path.''

Kirra peers at Jan. She shrugs shoulders and nudges head back the turns and walks the loose hill of rock and dirt.
 
Jan and Myst follows leaving the light and living Minst standing in the cold water looking into the canyon and from the canyon.

Another fist hit on tree cracks through the canyon, and Minst follows Kirra, Myst and Jan.

William pulls his fist back, breathes deeps. Sweat drips from nose and chin.

Spear steps along the trail letting the armor squeak and clamor. He brakes twigs and crunches ice. ,,William,'' says Spear.

William squints. He feels the anger drain from mind then body.

A crack pops near the tree of William.

,,Spear,'' says William. His gauntlet fist become an open palm.

,,I found the armor,'' says Spear.

,,The armor,'' says William. ''The armor.'' He steps away from the trees to the trail to Spear. ''Where's the boar?'' 

Spear sees a shade move though the tree. ,,The boar is lost.'' She pull battle hammar and pick. ''We rushed because of the screaming.''

,,Where's Myst?'' says William. He only sees shades of black shift and settle around the star light illuminating the path between the trees.

Spear stops moving and looks through the dark and see a tall think humiod sihlouette run silent between trees and over snow. He steps, says, ,,On guard, William,'' and steps from the trail and to the trees toward the sihlouette.

The armor bundle hits ground.

William peers into the night. He stands without sword and follows Spear.

Spear runs toward the silhouette.

Then the silhouette vanish. 

,,Calm...Guide.'' whisper is heard by William and Spear.

,,Did you hear the whisper,'' says William.

,,I heard,'' says Spear as he slows his rush

The wind blows and whistles. The rivers rage settles its flow. The pine trees.

,,Reveal your self and fight with honor,'' says William.

,,Guide,'' says a voice near both Spear and William though both be a dagger's through away from the other.

Spear follows the voice and sees a talll thin silhouette standing on the trail, behind his back, near William.

,,Speak your purpose,'' says Spear. 

William steps toward Guide.

The stare lights reveal Guide holding a pack toward William.

,,The pack,'' says Guide. Guide looks at Spear. ''You sent for me.''

Spear stops.

,,What's the pack?'' says William.

,,A container. Yours.'' Guide puts the pack on the ground.

,,Why are you here?'' says William.

Spear listens through the wind and pines. He peers through the darkness seeing only trees and brush move through the sight.

,,Spear,'' says Guide.

,,Not me,'' says Spear.

,,I followed,'' says Guide.

A creek and a crack.

The tree William was punching falls.

,,MOVE,'' hollers Spear.

William steps, slips crawls along trail.

The tress thrashes and crashing through the trees and hits with a womp.

Pine needs snow upon. Dust billows and window blows it away.

William crawls to his armor and back and near the feet Guide as Spear strides the snow as the echo of the crash spans the canyon.

Spear steps and nudge Guide, helps Williams stands and grabs Williams armor. ,,We need to go, William. Too much noise.''

,,We're in the canyon of Blue'' says william. ''What about you leading both me and Guide to you?''

Guide gives William his back. ,,Creatures surround.''

,,Move,'' says Spear. ''Think later.''

William grabs armor bundle rope, steps, says, ,,Thank you,'' to Guide as he follows Spear along the snow trail.

They walk, stride then jog. The armor scrapes.

The wind gusts and he bundles. Spear says, ,,The rest of the pack is waiting.''

,,Pack?'' says William.

,,Pack,'' say Spear.

,,And the illusion of you leading me and Guide to you.''

,,I am not a magic whore,'' says Spear.

They duck under branch, and branches slap face.

Spear hears foot falls and ice break behind William. ,,Behind.'' He stops, grabs his war hammer, raises to throw as William kneels, turns and pulls long sword from sheath.

Guide stop run nearly instantly.

Spear throws warm hammar toward Guide.

Hammer breaks cold branch and hits tree trunk with the tud.

Ice falls from tree, and Guide does not move.

Myst, Minst, Jan, Kirra hear the thump of Spear's war hammer agains tree trunk.

,,Men,'' says Myst.

,,Warriors,'' says Kirra. Kirra steps and grabs roots of tree trunk covered in mound of dirt, rock, trees, plants, animals. Kirra leads through the darkness that is not dark for her or Jan as they see the heat shades and border. Minst sees night as dim day. Myst is lead by Minst hand as she sees only night.

The magical light behind fades.

The stars before shine.

The plant and tree roots stick from side of mountain. They grab and climb.

,,Shouldn't we wait?'' says Minst.

,,No,'' syas Myst.

Kirra leds a path up the roots and along the tree trunk to the base of the side of the hill. ,,The land is filling with water. William is out of his mind. We can best see what creatures surround to defined.''

,,It's easier to fight down than it is up,'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Kirra.

Bush roots grow with and through a badger.

The badger hisses and swipes at Jan. The roots spread and reach for Jan.

Jan slams top of staff on badger's head.

The badger head snaps, and body falls limp.

,,What's that!'' says Minst.

,,The alteration has created a wall of everything,'' says Jan. She puts staff end into ground.

Jan points to a root of a tree. ,,That limp root is a snow snake.''

,,I can see it,'' says Myst.

,,What about Hern's glasses,'' says Minst as he squeezes her hands.

Myst feels the beat of Reighn change with the squeeze. She feels warm with the touch.

Minst pulls a pair of glasses from the side of his pack. ,,I have extra.''

Myst releases's Minst's hand and grabs the spectacles and slide them on face. She sees light blue relief outline trace the trees, roots, pines rocks and the dead snake hanging from tree. The trace light shines over the objects with shades to give surface. ,,Thank you.''

Minst smiles, feels warm. He feels a glow with his step past the snake fuse with root of tree. ,,Can I give a shout?'' says Minst.

Kirra glance back then steps and climb with feet and hand into the sliding dirt wall. ,,Yes.''

Minst stops, turns and put hands on sideof mouths. ,,SPEAR!'' He pauses. ''WILLIAM!''

,,SPEAR,'' and ''WILLAIM,'' echo. They hear the echo, but only after the now falls from tree and covers Guide.

They stare for a few breaths.

Then Guide walks to the tree trunk and grabs the head of Spear's hammer. 

William raises sword. ,,Remain.''

,,Why follow?'' says Spear.

,,YOu lead me to follow?'' says Guide.

Spear strides past William and reaches above and grabs Guide's throat, sweeps Guide to the ground and  tightens claws around his throat before Guide. ,,I'm no spell caster.''

,,I've seen it, Spear,'' says William. "I may have been in rage, but my mind was my own.''

Spear lossens claw grip around guide's neck, grabs his hammar  then stands.

Guide lays on the ground. He stares.

William peers trying to see Guide's face.

Spear sees Guide's face with the heat from it. He sees and feel Guide's emotions and calm and truth.

,,Did I speak?'' says Spear.

,,Yes,'' Says Guide.  ''Spear said come protect the disk.''

,,Spear,'' he points to self. ''Me.''

,,Yes,'' says Guide.

Spear lowers hammer and walks. We should return to the pack.

William looks at Guide then Spear. He holds his sword as he follows.

Spear and William stride and run. They step to the spreadng water and melting.

They stand without words. Wiliam things to say something then Spear splash through the woater and William follows.

The chilling water spreads from feet to legs to body. The bodies shiver. 

The water splashes.

Kirra hears the water splash and then the pebbles and rocks and grunts of William as she leads the climb up and up and up...

,,They come,'' says Kirra. ''They are behind.''

Minst looks from behind to Myst to forward and Kirra and the top of the hill.

Kirra, Jan, Minst the Myst steps suffle and grab and pull and step the the top.

Myst breathes deep. ,,How far down?''

Kirra's even breath exhales. ,,Near bottom.''

The stare along the horizon of night. Small groups of light flicker through the valley like the stars above. Cold lines and etched reliefs are seen through visions to show snow covere trees and open planes between houses and farm land stretching until the horizon curves. Night light, heat and relief define snow covered trees and small houses below.

Below the star light reflect from the surface of a spreading pond. The pond spread blow the dirt mound and spans to the base and slopes of the moutains as they slide to the valley floor.

The river flows from the pool in a rush through a wide and steep slope to the trees, the planes, the lights the night and the horizon.

Smoke blows with the wind.

Puffs of warm breath billow from mouths.

,,Wow,'' says Minst. ,,What do we do now?''

Kirra peers along the ridge. ,,We wait for Spear and William. We watch. We move.''

Spear and William climb. Spear leads and William follows.

Their wet hide close freeze while their dark clad armor dries and feels warm against the skin.

Ice breaks with step.

Spear climbs with claws scraping and clawing and pulling. Spear feel and hears Guide following below, but mind and body feel and see plants wilt and shrivel as he passes. He peers and sees pine needles grow cold and fall from pine trees twisted into and from dirt.  

A ferret squeels and rustles. It's body flows to a root of tree. The ferret hisses as Spear passes then quivers and shakes as William stops to peer.

William pulls and grabs dagger with his cold hand and mud covered hand.

The ferret falls limb.

William stairs.

Spear stops for a pause, says, ,,I am killing life,'' says Spear.

William looks at Spear and Spear climbs up and up and up.

William follows with ease using touch, sound, darkness, starlight and smell to help him guide through the night toward the stare lite sky.

,,Lighter than a cave,'' He says as he pulls the rope connected to the bundle of armor shoulder and steps. He's pack slumps and his feet slip along mud and rock into a bush.

The bush begins to wrap around william.

William pulls away until only the bundle of his armor is wrapped. 

Spear steps and slides to William, and the brush and vines fall and wilt.

William looks from the vines to Spear.

Spear nods and climbs and William follows.

While they climb, Kirra, Jan, Myst and Minst huddle near a tree tunk laying along the peak of the hill. They peer along the base of the mountain silently planning a path.

The cold seeps deep and freezes sweat.

Kirra sits still peering along the bases of the mountains seeing a grop of beings clammer and clomp over the slop on the other side of the river. Their bodie radiates deep, distant heat that blends with the headt of the  pants and flows to the cold of the mountain. She points at the group of being pionting out thei position to Jan, Myst and Minst.

Minst peers and nots. He shivers. He feels each of the components tucked into the beld  slots. He touches the spine of spell book. He touch the hild of his dagger and grips his sling. Once he sees Kirra point the movement over the distant distance he grips his slings while he blows his cold hands. Myst rubs her shoulder against his hand he feels warm.

Myst begins humm and think of Reighn and hear a song with a trumpet, a guitar, a drum and her hum. Her mind feels to float from her body to the stars as she floats with the symphony of sounds playing through the valley. Her head nods and doesn't hear the trashing, kicking, heaving breathing and grunting of William.

Kirra hears William, but sits and stares at the group of being jogging along the mountain base toward the canyon on the other side of the river.

William grunts and inhales deep. His hand feels frozen to the rope holding bundle. His guantlet jams into the mud and snow to climb. 

Rooted trees, twist animal bodies, snow, ice, rock, boulders and plants lie in their path to the top.

Spear sees the top and feel the pack and smells a sweat smell flowing from above. He sniffs and feels the smell strike deep into his body then soul squeezing the heat to thump, limbs to kick and pulls.

The smell spreads, and Spear and William near the top as Myst and Minst fall asleep huddled against the fallen tree trunk.

Kirra stands, and Jan sits.

Jan's hands are pressed into the cold soil pushing her force through her hand and into the root and through a maze and puzzle of life and magic twisting and spinning from root to vein to flesh and bark. 

A pain and sorrow radiate and slow the flow of Jan thorugh the ground.

Jan's head feels pain as she pushes from within the feel of loss from her, her hands and into the ground and toward the magic twisting life.

Jan feels the twist of life and magic and begins to untie and disapate the residue of magic binding everything from roots to mice to beatles to traces of magic filtering through the dirt and purging from  the soil trying to cling to Myst, Minst and Kirra.

Kirra's steps flash with magic, but give not light to be seen.

Kirra's bones and body are slow to movement and warmth.

Spear smells to Kirra and inhales her sweat striking a sense of lust.

,,We near,'' says Spear.

Willaima stops. ,,Maybe I shall wait for you to talk?'' says William. ''I am unware of my actions, but I feel they were not acts that will make people happy or feel safe to be near me. I-''

,,Shut. Climb,'' says Spear.

The climb to the top.

Kirra stands on the top. She sees Guide far down the hill climbing and crawling. ,,Followed.''

,,Guide,'' says Spear. He steps to the top and sees the valley.

,,Guide,'' says Kirra. ''Blue?'' Kirra grabs the hilt of her short sword.

William grunt and slips and slides. ,,No,'' says William as he  whips and wipes mud from hand before he puts it in a pocket in the darkclad armor. ''He tells a story of Spear leading him to my pack and then to us.''

Kirra stands and looks at Spear.

Spear stands before Kirra resisting the urge to take her body for pleasure and sex.

The smells from Kirra spread through Spear. And Spear stands. Muscles flex. His heart thumps, and blood rushes.

William steps between Spear and Kirra and snaps a sudden rush and pump of body and blood connecting between the two has he steps to see the Valley.

Sweat cools to ice. And pump of heart slows. Hunger spreads and cool freezes.

,,What have you see, Kirra?'' says William. He knees to the ground and open his pack. 

Shake's wine carrafe, wet stone, guitar strings, dried beef strips and rolls of white cloth.

He takes out the strip of cloth and ties it around his head to cover his ears. He pulls out some gloves and puts on a glove in one hand. His teeth chatter as he looks over the horizon and speaks, ,,What...What have you seen while waiting for our...''

Kirra looks at Spear. She walks past to stand near William and points. ,,The light group there. Lyno. The other lights farms. No moving. Fire smoke, but no fires. Lamps and stares only seen.'' She points to the base of the mountain across the river. ''Seen group movement coming to the river and canyon.''

,,We have been known,'' says Spear.

,,How's Minst?'' says William.

Kirra looks along the horizon. ,,Wanting to wait for you.''

,,Myst?'' says William. 

,,Sleeping and cuddling with Minst,'' says Kirra.

Wiliam flash a glance at Kirra and closes fist.

,,Be calm,'' says Spear. ''Humm a song.''

William humms a song and stomps feet with boots. 

Kirra and Spear stare for spans of time until Spear yawns.

,,Tired,'' says Spear.

,,Hungry,'' humms William like a song.

,,We sleep,'' says Kirra. She pulls bow from shoulder and notches it with arrow. ''I watch.''

William looks across the river and at the base of the hill trying to see through the darkness. ,,Are the once you have spied rested or do they still move.''

,,The move slow. Steady.'' Kirra.

A warmth spreads from Jan.

With an open guantlet, William pulls his bundle and tosses it with a crash against the log where Myst and Minst sleep.

Myst's song scrapes to silence. Minst jerks and cuddles closer to Myst.

William clenches fist.

,,Sing,'' says Spear. ''It sooths the savage beast.''

William inhales then exhales. ,,I'll take first watch.''

Spear humms out of tune causing Myst to move head and try to cover her ears. He puts and arm around William.

Jan's energy cools.

William pulls head away from Spear. He smiles and feels the rage calm. ,,You stress the sleeping beast.'' 

Kirra smiles and hold laughter. 

Spear stops singing and takes his arm from Williams shoulders.

William hums and sits by his armor. He puts his pack to the ground and pulls out Shake's Carafe and drinks lifting the carafe toward Spear.

Spear nods, says, ,,I will protect.''

,,Drink,'' says Kirra. She smiles. 

Spear sees the smiles.

She walks to the darkness.

Spear sits by William, on the cold dirt ground and leand against the tip of a tree top shaved of limbs and sticking from the ground.

William and Spear drink wind. Spear feels his heart slow and calm. He feels the rage through the body cool. He feel the itch of hair sliding into skin and the streees of jaw and wrist shifting and shaping. 

,,Where's Shake?'' says William.

,,Probably in jail or dead,'' says Spear.

William drinks and looks at Myst and Minst. He stares. He clench his guantlet. He hums, drinks, sleeps.

Spear and William snore. They snuggle as Jan's spear of warm becomes cool.

The energy of Jan seeps and pulls from plant and animals the magic twisting, itching, tortoring the bodies of trees, berry bushes, shurbs roots, leaves and rats, snakes, snails and worms. The magic flows to Jan and spreads from Jan as heat. The magic drain give relief of death from the pain of magical alteration.


The warmth spans then contracts far from Kirra.

Kirra was the night walk and running silent.

The cold covers put only seeps into her face and hand. The stars illuminate the twist trees and brush. The sounds of the river and flicker of lights from the approaching creature pack is seen.

Kirra's foot falls step silence over pine needles, dried leaves, mud and frozen now. He foot prints leave a shallow impression. 

A glimpse of Guide and the sound of a twig braking lead her down the mountain into the canyon only to see Guide standing on a tree.

The wind blows. 

Kirra watches the distant group walk slow and steady toward the river. She sees torches lite then extinguished. She sees a ball of light illuminate then fade. Se watches as the wind blows. She watches Guide stand still in the tree top down the hill. She stands and walk to Jan.

,,Time for sleep,'' says Jan as her hands pull from the mud.

Kirra nods. 

Jan stands.

Kirra walks to a fallen trunk with enough room to sit and be protected by the blowing wind. Her short sword and dagger in hand, she watches Guide stand in the tree.

Jan sit on the tree trunk near Kirra, closes her eyes and listens.

Wind blows. Cold seeps.

Stars twinkle. Clouds move. 

The hundred of light spotting over the valley to the horizon.

A dome of light appears from the horizon and grows dimming the starlight.

Jan watches and stares. She feels and listens and reaches to touch.

A few light shine along the base of the moutain over the river. The light illuminate the heads of men. Tips of pitch forks and sickles relect. Then then lights move to focus point then dissappear behind the hill.

Jan sees Guide running from the river around the curve of the hill horizon. She grabs staff, stands and jumps to the ground and pushes energy down. Her body and staff spash into the ground, flows through the dirt roots leaving algea cloak.

Screams and shouts echo.

Guide runs from the river to the top of the mound and toward the pack.
