,,Where's Buckey?" says William.

Minst coughs, gags. He pulls legs from dirt and rock and rolls down the sildes to river bank. 

Carlos spits, stands and slaps pants and shirt sleeves, ,,Nice wall, Jan." 

A wall of dirt and rock rises twice ans high as Carlos and wider than a house.

Kirra looks from Jan to Wall to Carlos, ,,We better move down by the river."

Spear and William nod with Carlos. Myst looks up the mountain. She steps down the mountain side to Minst. 

Shake stands, tumble and rolls down to river bank. He stands at bottom. He takes off cloak and beats it against  a rock.

William stares up mountains side. 

The wide mountain slide area spans wide and long. 

,,We slide a long way," says William. He steps up the slide. Every step up slides back. 

,,William," says Spear. "We should follow the river and meet the road some where
else." 

William steps up and slides back. His chain mail sways and shakes.

Jan stands and looks at Kirra. They both walk down. Kirra says, ,,William, Spear."

The both looks at Kirra then the wall. The follow jan and Kirra down.

The wall of stone and dirt falls. A mound of rock and dirt slides down mountian and spreads onto the river bank and into the river. The rock and dirt covers the shoes and ankles.

William steps up rock and dirt slide. He steps and slides using feet and hands to crawl up the slide.

Carlos looks to Jan. ,,Jan, thanks. Impressive."

Jan smiles.

,,William," says Spear, "Buckey is a grown horse."   

,,That's right, William," says Carlos. He pulls a pouch from sash and opens the pouuch. His hand reaches in pouch and pulls out a rod the size of fist. 

,,How'd that fit in there," says Shake shaking and twitching. His eyes looking from Carlos to the pouch to Carlos to the pouch.

,,Magic," says Carlos. He grabs the pouch and one end of rod withone hand. He grabs other end of rod, twists top and pulls extending the rod to a small end making the rod tip a cone. 

,,What, Carlos." says William. William looks up the mountain, "I'm going after Buckey." His feet and hands dig into moutain slide and pull body up.

Spear shrugs and walks to river and dives in.

Minst covers face from the splash and steps back quickly check bags and beakers.

Kirra and Jan clean hands and face. Jan says a prayer to the water with each new body party washed.

Myst watches William and looks at Carlos. She says with lips, ,,Help." 

Carlos pulls caps from both ends of rod, and he puts small end of rod to eye. He closes other eyes, ,,Buckey isn't there.Nothing put a bunch of hobgoblins and goblins. Carlos holds the telescope to William.

Wiliam slide step to Carlos, grabs the telescope and peers through it. ,,They're chasing some thing along the road."

,,Buckey." says Carlos. "And they're rolling down the mountain side to us." 

William gives the telescope to Carlos. 

Carlos collapses telescope, ,,We better go," and puts it in pouch and then puts pouch undersash.

William and Carlos step slide down slide to river bank to river. Their feet splash water.

,,But my armor, my food, my bed, my,"  Carlos looks up the mountain, "You got enough armor for any bard," He smirks, lifts the bottom of chairmail shirt. His smile fades and he stares at Williams stare, "We have enough food to share. And I got an extra blanket." Carlos breaks stare, "There is a horde of ugly things coming down at us." 

Spear stands in river. ,,We should walk the river for aways." Spear points up moutain, "Those nasty things can follow tracks and smell." He points up river, "there's a bend in the river."

Kirra nods. She pulls back bow string and then slowly lets bow string relax tension, "Goblins." 

Carlos steps into the water with splash, ,,Then water we go." Water flows up to his thighs.

Jan smiles and crawls into water then stands. Her cloak dripping as she walk behind Kirra

Myst grabs William's hand, ,,We'll see buckey again."

Willlaim looks from mountain to river to Myst. 

They step into water and wake to Spear. 

,,Come on, Shake," says William. 

Shake walks along the bank. ,,Not getting me in that."

,,Rodents don't like water," says Carlos. He pulls his beard in two and braids it as he walks.

Shake walks upon the rocks of banks. 

,,It's goblins that don't like water," says Spear. 

Everyone looks back to the slide as they wade forward up the river.

Goblins and hobgoblins roll and slide and long step down mountains side. The run with spears and swords and shield raise above heads.The decend with shouts and screams that echo.

Shake runs along the rocks stepping on each as if it were not wet.

The group runs through the still water slashing, splashing, splashing a trail.

Carlos runs and ties braids behind head. He takes Sash and wraps it around neck and shoulders. 

They splash around bend in river and follow Spear to the other side of the river. They wade to the edge of the opposite bank. 

A large ebb book spreads under roots of tall trees. The roots twist and stretch along the bank. 

Spear step into ebb and sinks into water to neck. He treads water under the roots.

The shouts and screams of goblins noise is louder.

Dust billows from around the bend.

Myst, Kirra and Jan follow Spear. Each treading water under the roots and holding roots. 

Carlos walks slow into water and treads into the pool to under the roots.  

Spear says, ,,Get under. Now."

William steps and slips into deep ebb. He kicks and flaps arms, sinks then raises head above water then sinks and raises head then swims like a dog to the roots. He grabs roots.

"Now mage," say Spear.

,,But my components," says Minst.

Dust billows from around bend. The shouts and screams become hoots and hollers mixed with short bursts of growls and snorts.

Spear swims from under roots to Minst.

Minst dives into ebb and float next Spear. He peers at Spear and floats with Spear under roots. 

Goblins and hobgoblin walk along the river's edge. 

The short goblins walk and crawl between the tree trunks, roots and brush. They peer from the river bank into the water and over the water. They reach sticks into water and poke to the bottom. The spear along the river bank and around the bend peeking and poking at the water. The stab the dirt and rock of the slid. Some hold small shield and use it as a shovel dirt and rock.

The tall hobgoblins point and grunt up and down the river. They push groups of goblins up or down the river bank. They walk in small packs towering over the short goblins. They spread out along the bank and begin throwing goblins into the water. 

Goblins hit water and splash and trash. A few float down the river motionless. A few tread water with wild slaps and kicks. A few calm and stand above the water mark. 

Shake looks down at three goblins sitting from a brach over the river. They lay on chests and look along the river. He lays still on two branches. A dagger is gripped in his mouth.

A leaf falls from branch and lands on a goblin.

The goblin looks up and sniffs. It stares at Shake. It sniffs again then looks to the river again. 

Shake smiles.

Willaim points and nods from under roots at Shake high in a tree top. 

Spear grabs Williams hand. And poinst up. 

Dirt falls from the root roof to the river.

Short clicks and snaps are heard. 

Everyone floats back deeper into the shadows of the roots. They lower close to the water.

Small arms and hands extend down and try to reach the water. The small arms and hands disappear the appear holding goblin by ankles.

The goblin fanged teeth twist and corners. Its round black eyes peer under to root roof at the submerged party. Its stubby nose wet with snot sniffs deeps. Its short arms reach down the river and the thin sharp claws splash water top.

Everyone under the roof hold breath and body. The sink slow into water.

The goblin looks down and the water. The squacks and clicks then it is raiseed.

Spear, Minst, William, Myst, Jan float in water. They watch the goblins and hobgoblins search the banks, the trees, the brush and the river.  They begin to shiver and shake.

The valley dims. Shadow shrink then begin to extend.

Groups of goblins walk back up the mountains side. The mound of dirt slide is dug and tossed into the river. Some walk deeper in to the canyon. Hobgoblins begin pointing down stream. They gather and point down teh river and up the mountain. Slowly the horde of goblins walk and climb. 

A few groups of goblins and a couple of hobgoblins build small fires along the bank.

Shake begins to climb from tree to tree up river over campires and sleeping hobgoblins. 

Goblins toss dirt from the bank of tree roots  to the river. Goblins speak soft moans and whines and then pops and clicks. 

Ccampfire smoke flows under tree roots.  

Carlos, Minst, Kirra, Jan, Myst, William, Spear hold on to ceiling of tree roots. There noses hover above the cold calm water. Their bodies spead along a wall of root and water. 

Tree shadows caste over river shrink to trees.

Minst and Kirra shiver. Kirra hold chattering teeth and slowly moves next to Jan. 

The tree shadows begin to grow into the canyon.

They hover still in water and listen to the talk and shouts of goblins. They smell the smoke of a campfire. They stare over the water and watch it flow by...

A scream shrieks above. A splash spreads before.

A loud cackle and shrill of goblin laughter spreads above.

The group open eyes, blinks, jerk and twist then settle to still still stare at the ripples of the splash.

Spear's head disappears under water. Spear swims between Carlos and Minst. He slices and pushes back water slowly flowing to a thrashing goblin. 

The goblin sings arms and legs up and down, left and right. It swings and slices Spear arcoss the arm.

Spear reach at its chest, wraps arms around back, squeeze.

The goblins back pops and floats.

Spear grabs its leg and dives to the river bed. He jams its foot and leg into a weave of roots. Then he float slow to the root roof breaking the surface slow and silent. Mouth opens to inhale.

The laughter stops. Cawking and squawking spreads softly through the goblin crowd above.

Dirt and rocks slide and drop from edge of rooot roof. Shadows of arms and heads and pointing fingers float on top of water.

A tall shodow raises arms holding sword and shield in the air. The shadow of the sword swing low and disppears into the shodow of the root roof only to appear again swining up into the air.

A head falls into the water. Then a body of a goblin follows.

The goblin talk stops.

Dirt and rock fall into the water. Smoldering twigs and logs drop into the water. 

Clicking and soft mummbling of goblin speaks spreads then fades.

Carlos, Minst, Kirra, Jan, Myst, William, Spear float cold. Minst, Kirra, Myst shake chills froom body and through ripples of water. Their hands sore from holding on to roots. Their feet and legs tired of paddling.

Spear points forward then up and then points to eyes.

Carlos nods. William shrugs.

Spear climbs across root wall between Jan and Myst and William and by Carlos. 

Carlos lowers one hand below water then raises the hand above water with dagger.

Jan whispers to Kirra then lowers into water swiming by Carlos and Spear. 

Kirra's shivering hands hold root wall. They grip and pull Kirra to the edige of the root walk by Carlos and William.

Kirra points to water then up the shore.

A group of hobgoblin walk on other river bank stopping to stare into the water.

Willaim and Myst move by Carlos making soft splash noises.

Spear and Kirra snaps head and stares at William and Myst.

William and Myst piont to them then up.

Spear grabs Williams heavy chain mail and shakes head. Carlos moves head by William's and Mysts', He whispers, ,,Wait for Spear." 

William whispers with stress, ,,Kirra, Jan,"

Carlos shurgs and floats away.

Spear climbs the side of the river's root wall.

Goblins and hobgoblins walk along the opposite shore laughing and caling out from small fire to small fire.

Kirre swims and crawls up riveralong the raised river bank. Her bow and quiver snag roots and brush. Small snap sounds surround. 

Jan dives under the water and swims to the center of the river treading underwater with ease. She inhales and exhales water. She opens her eyes and begins to pray.

Carlos grabs sash. Dog paddles along the shore folloowing the rivers flow.

Minst, Myst, William watch Spear reach up and grap roots and slowly pull self from the water.   

Shadows caste from trees cover Spear. A breeze blows.

Spear shivers then become tense holding the urge to climb fast and loud. He climbs root wall.

Groups of hobgoblins and goblins sit and stand in groups by campfires.Those standing by shore and staring across toward Minst, Myst and Willliam do not move or make noise.

Spear hears nothing and lifts head above the ground.

An smoldering fire pit is surround by blood, a broken short swords and small piles of goblin feses.

In the shodoiw of a tree, Spear grabs roots and pulls up and over to the ground. He looks back and to the shore.

No goblins or hobgoblins move or make different noise.

Spear looks along the river and sees the sutble wake of Carlos along the river bank. Spear walk crouched around pile of fece and to thicket of green brush growing between trees. He listens. He unsheaths his sword, lays it before him and sits crouched in the brush.   

Carlos floats down river grabbing handing tree limbs and brush to slow the flow through the river. He floats past on hobgoblin sleeping on side of tree. He floats around the river bend. Then he grabs a some brush and holds. 

Goblins shovel mountains slide with sword and shield. Goblins and hobgoblins walk from on side of the slide to the other side of the slide back and forth up the moutnain side. 

The dirt slide now spreads into river creating a growing peninsula

The sun shines above. It angle half way to the horizon from the zenith. Its beams cast warmth upon Carlos's face. Heat lost with the coold breeze blowing.

Carlose pulls himsefl up river out of sit of the moutnains slide and climbs from the river after hearing no noise. Walking in shadows and without noise he walks up the trail to Spear, Minst, Myst adn William.

Kirra looks back and sees Spear climb up roots and to the ground. She looks around.

A breeze blows bushes leaves and tops of tall green grass. A long the bank.

The pant and snorts of goblin and hobgolbins are not heard.

A wide trail is an arms length from edge of bank. Bank no as tall as Kirras torso.

Kirra lifts her body to the bank and crawls into bushes and lays on stomach near trail.

A wide trail is an arms reach from the brush. Trees, brush and a sheer mountain wall rise acrosss the trail. The trail follows the river into the canyon.

Water drips from Kirra. 

She grabs knife and sets knife by head. Then she reaches ehind, lifts chest and arms to slips bow from back. The she opens quiver and slides a dry arrow from the quivers. She puts knife blade across mouth and holds arrow in right hand. 

A splash of water is heard down stream.

Minsts climbs and flails feet kicking up water.

The slap of water is heard.

Myst climbs out up roots of trees and crawls behind Minst by the fire and goblin feces and into the bushes. 

Kirre looks up the canyon and trail. 

Sun reflects off the river top. Tree tops shine while tree trunks are shadowed. A contant cool breeze is. The wide path leads no being.  

A loud swish and swash of water is heard. Then some crunting. The a splash and crash as William falls from the root wall into the river.

William sinks into the ebb of the river. He grabs and pulls chain off body. He reaches, strokes, rises to the river's top and grabs the root wall climbs and splashed from river. 

Myst and Spear and Minst grab William and lift hiim to land.

William lands and rolls in feces.

Carlos stands on the wide path looking back and gripping hamer. His loud whispers, ,,Eight." Carlos steps off other side of trail and behind two trees forming a V.

,,Wet," mummbles Minst. 

Spear steps to brush and grabs bastard sword. He stands with back against tree and side by path. He looks into the canyon and along the trail.

The wide path is empty. 

William coughs up water, and Myst hits Williams back. They stand. William pulls out sword. 

Kirra looks at William and Myst standing and walking from river bank. She sees two goblins on other side of river walk to  the opposite river bank and look across river.

The goblins visor foreheads and peer across the river and the light twinkling from its surface. They point across river to Myst, Minst, Carlos and Spear. They stand near the bank.

A dark shade falls from the trees above the pointing goblins. The shade land on one goblin the stands and attacks another.

,,Shake," says Kirra. Kirra rolls supine with back to path and front to river. She kneels and slide arrow then arrow and string back, aims, releases. Then loads another aims and releases.

One arrow misses and flies into brush. One hits goblin in the head.

The gobin falls into river with a slash. 

Shake tosses the other goblin into the water and runs up the river road disspearing in the shadows and shrubs.

A group of goblins and a hobgoblin jog to the splash of the two goblins.

Kirra hears the snort and grunt of hobgoblins down the wide path.

Carlos and Spear stand on opposite sides of the trail with back to trees.

Four hobgoblins walk up trail stepping through the tree shadows. 

Minst ducks by brush and cups hand beloe head catching water. 

William stands and slides sword from sheath and swing it. 

Water flies from tip. 

Myst ducks and unclaps cloack and grabs mace.

Four hobgoblin walk between Carlos and Spear.

Kirra steps into wide path and shoots two arrows from bow.

The arrows fly between Carlos and Spear. One hits the chest of a hobgobin standing betwee spear and Carlos. One arrow skips of skin of another hobgoblin. 

Spear swings bastard sword at the hobgoblin group hitting the rear hobgoblin cuttin a deep cut across its stomach. 

Carlos swing and hits another goblin's foot then brings the hammer and hits it in the head.

William step to the hobgoblins and swings. 

A hobgoblin parries the sword swing with a long sword. It swings at William, and William parries. 

Myst swings mace hitting another hobgoblins head. She steps back and the hobgoblin follows.

Minst cants words and sounds, swallows water, stands and spits. I spray of steam  shoots from mouth and cover to hobgolbin's head and touches Spear's shoulders.

The clink of sword and shield ping through the canyon.

Kirra, runs, loads bow with arrow and looks arcoss river.

A group of hobgoblins and goblins walk to the place where the two goblins were killed. They face the river, visor hands over brow and point.

Kirra shoots two arrows. 

Two arrows hit on hobgoblin in chest and leg. 

It falls over dead. 

A hobgoblin slices Willliams shoulder. Another hobgoblin scrapes claws across Spear's chest.

Two hobgoblins swings swords at Carlos. Carlos rolls back and unders swipes.

Spear swings sword. Swords sworps by William and hit and cuts ope hobgoblin.

The hobgoblin slams a fist into Spears jaw. 

A long sword raises high above Minst.

Kirra straps bow to back and slams shoulder into hobgobin and slices eyes of hobgoblin screaming and covering eyes.

A hobgoblin with arrow sticking from should hits sword upon Kirra legs. The sword  steel plates.

Dull pain spreads through Kirra's leg. She gritts teeth.

Spear drops bastard swod and grabbles a hobgoblin and swings forearm around neck and pulls back. 

Another hobgoblin by Spear swings a rusted short sword. The short swords breaks on back of goblin held by Spear. Hobgoblin falls from Spears grasp.

Willliam swings. Hobgoblin blocks swing with an armored forearm. William kicks the Hobgoblin in the stomach below a dented chest plate.

Kirra swipes knife at hobgoblin with arrow sticking out of chest. She pulls short sword from sheath and slices a hand from the goblins arm. 

It screams. 

Minst fumbles through pouches shaking head.  He look behind. 

Goblins and Hobgoblins gather across river. A few step into the river and wade across it's brilliance surface. 

,,More coming across," says Minst.

Carlos hits hammar on top of goblin head. The goblin falls. 

Spear grabbles another hobgoblin.

A bloody stumps hits Kirra covering face with blood.   

Two hobgoblins step back over Spear wrestling the hobglobins, and they run away following the flow of the river.

Hobgoblin in Spears grasp stabs Spear iin the thigh.

Spear lets out a roar that is followed with the snap of the hobgoblins neck.

Kirra steps after the fleeing hobgoblins. William grabs her shoulder, points across river.

Hobgoblins hurle steel tipped spears into river and across river into root wall. Rocks are tossed into water by goblins. Goblins jump into water and swim the river. Goblins and Hobgoblins run into the canyon up the river on the other side of the river.

,,Up the river," says William. Spear and Kirra look at running hobgoblins stop, turn, run back up the river along the trail followed by two columns of goblins and hobgoblins.

Minst and Myst along the trail up the river. William looks to side then back, head turned, body run behind Myst.

,,There's no shame in running to fight another day," says Carlos. He takes a couple of steps, says, "Where's Jan?

,,The river." says Kirra. She looks at Spears leg then trail, "Can you run?"

Spears grabs bastard sword. ,,Yes."

Carlos, Kirra and Spear run along trail. 

Darts fall to trail and stick in trunks of trees.

A hobgobin shouts from across river. A chorus of shouts, shout, hoot, hollar and scream fill the canyon with a rolling wave of rage. Rusted swords are banged against rusted shields. Spears and darts thump and ping into trees.

Minst, Myst, William, Spear, Kirra  and Carlos run along trail.

Trail nears bank of rushing river water. 

Moutain shadow dims the day to dusk. 

Goblins and hobgoblins run along the trail behind Minst, Myst William, Spear, Kirra and Carlos. They run along the tail on the other side of the river. Goblins fall slashing and trashing into water. 

A dart sticks into Kirras' shoulder and two darts stick in Spears back. 

,,THEY'RE CLOSE," hallors Carlos, "ON THE SIDE TOO!"

They run along the trail. They run under a tree around boulduers along the river flow.

The river bends around boulders and trees. The river and the trail begins to raise. White rapid splash wet the trail and surge through rock breaks. Sounds of the rush deafen the goblin noise of furry.

They run up the hill. Myst slips on rocks. Carlos grabs mist and holds her up and forth. Spears run becomes a limbed jog.

Two more dart hit spears arm. 

Minst run and searches with fingers through pouches in sack feeling only wet and water. 

The trail inclines. The bank raises from the riverside.

A wall of water rises from the river. Wide pillars shoot from the wall. The wall and pillars rise behind Kirra and Spear as Kirra and Spear run past. The wall's pillars fall to the trail on the lead goblins and hoblins smashing bone and flesh into the trail. The wall's pillars swing at the standing goblins and hobgoblins hitting back the living lead of the running column of creatures.

Twist screams and high pitch squeals screw deep into slashing crash of a pillar of water into the columns of golbins and at the trail.

Dirt and rock wash into river.

Kirra, Spear, Carlos, Myst, William, Minst peak back and look forward as they run.  Space bettewn them and the goblins behind becomes leaps and bounds. The goblins along the other side of river match pace slowed by limbs and cramps and curiosity.

A bridge spans across the river on the distant banks of the river.

,,A BRIDGE," says Mint loud.

Goblins and hobgoblins slash and stab the wall of water and dive from the swips and punches of the wall's pillars. Each slice cuts a chucnk of suspended water from wall mass creating a stream of pour water upon the rock and dirt washing way the trail. A few goblins slip. Other's run. Hobgoblins swipe and slice.  

A dark shape runs from the wall and after Kirra and Spear.

Spear limbs and looks back. He grabs hilt of bastard sword.

Kirra says, ,,It's Jan."

Minst, Myst, William, Carlos run along the trail to the bridge.

The incline angle rises. Loose rock to skip and slide behind foot steps.

Jan run from water element and fighting goblins. 

A spear flies through water elemental and falls behind Jan.

A hobgoblin runs by water wall and after Jan and raises long sword above head letting loose a scretch cry. Its long strides bring sword tip close to Jan.

Kirra pulls bows from hand. Slide one arrow from quiver, load arrow, aims arrow, shoots arrow.

Arrow flies by Jan and Hobgoblin. 

Kirra pulls another arrow before the other files. The bow fires it into the eye of hobgoblin chasing Jan.

Hobgoblin lands to trail screaming.

Jan scrambles and misteps then runs between Kirra and Spear. All three run along trail.  

Wall of water pounds shorted pillar stumps into bank washing way the wide path. 

Mud slide slips and washes way into river.

Swords and knifes cut water flesh for water wall shrinking wall.

Minst, Myst, William, Carlos runs up stream to bridge. 

They see a shade run across bridge from the other bank.

The bank rises to a sheer wall as the trail incline becomes steep.

William and Myst use hands to help steady. 

Along the other side of the river a long line of goblins and hobgoblins slide through the moutains shadows to the bridge. Several tourch lights illuminate their paths. 

Kirra, Spear and Jan close gab to companions. 

Spear grind teeth rubbing flatter teeth with each pump of left left. The numb piking pain with the push up the mountain. Spear slips.

Kirra grabs Spear and pulls him up.

Jan looks back. 

A pillar of water slams body into to trail and few approaching goblins then falls to water and flows with the water.  

The trail levels along the shear ledge to a raging river below. Trees stumps stick betwee sheer edge of trail and sheer wall rising to a platuau above. 

The companins join their run for the bridge. William runs past Myst and Minst to the bridge with arm raised. Minst grabs a dry pouch and smiles. Carlos grabs three darts and holde them in hand.

The goblins and hobgoblins and the trail behind looks at the deep gap in path. Some try to skirt around trail, but slip and fall into river. Two jump over hole and fall to the river below.

On the other side of the river goblins and hobgoblin step onto the bridge

The wooden slat bridge connected with thick round rope. It sways soft with ravine wind. It's length sinks in center. 

Shake stands on other side of bridge. He kneels and saws thick rope of bridge with knife.

William runs to Shake. He pulls out sword and swings sword at a rope spanning from  top o rope rail to the ground.

Hobgoblins guide goblins in a sigle row onto the rope bridge Each goblin graps rope rail with one hand and a knife or short sword with another hand. Their legs slide slow over wooden slats. Their arms shakes and heads turn from the river below to Willaim and Shake cutting ropes.

Minst and Myst run to William and Shake. Minst breathes deep and short, and he pulls a dry pouch from a sack. Carlos slide daggers back under sash and slides out dagger and begins to cut.    

Kirra and Jan set Spear on ground. Jan tears open Spears pant leg exposing a deep long cut on thight. Kirra slides long sword from scabbard and swings down bottom rope support of bridge. 

Steel tiped spears fling from otherside of ravine to the other side stiking below and above trail.

Myst ducks a high flung spear and shuffles by Kirra then kneels by Spear. She grabs star amulet and says, ,,Yes, I need some help for a friend. ...Yes..."

Spear's jaw pulses, says through teeth, ,,I'm fine."

Jan pulls out a cloth and scrubs legs. She says, ,,It's deep." We'll need to."

,,Reighn says she can help," says Myst. 

Jan nods, cruches and walks back along the trail.

A flosh spans from Minst's hands. A shimmer slide over the companions.

Jan sees, one by one, goblins jumbing across the hole create by the elemental. 

A goblin run from the far side, leaps over the hole with rope tied around waist and hits the edige. Then it slides and slips off edge only to be pulled up again. 

Willaim and Shake cuts rope. The rope rail support spiked deep into the ground snaps and hacked by William and Shake snaps.

The bridge sways and shakes. One rope rail sags.

The goblins on the bridge stop and stare. The shuffle back to the edge only to hit a wall of hobgoblins standing at the edge. They look back then forward and run to the other side screaming and running.

Steel tipped spears and dart follow flight of goblins to other side The spears and darts stop before breeching the edige of trail and fall to the ravine.

William and Shakes hack and cut base robe of bridge. The other rope rail snaps free from the rock. Kirra and Carlos cut at other rope.

The bridge sways

Goblins run past the mid point. A few fall off screaming with a splash and a splat to the river below.

Another volley of spears and darts stop before trail edige and fall.

Minst stands with palms out speaking sylables and humms with a smile. 

Myst's necklace stare glows. Then her hand glows. She lowers hands to Spear's thigh. 

Spear's thigh glows.

Jan runs by Myst and Spear, steps to the edge of the bridge and swing mace hitting a goblin back to the bridge.

The last two thick bridge ropes snap.

The side of the bridge falls scattering goblins across rock and river.  

William lets out a shout and pumps sword above head then points tip of sword to other side of the ravine. He lowers sword.

The hobgoblins throw steel tipped spears then the hobgoblins and goblins continue up the trail into the canyon.

The spears stop before the edge of the trail and fall into the canyon.  

,,That's not very paladin like," says Carlos. He stands and looks back along the trail travel the along the trail deeper into the canyon. "Where now?"

Jan points to the path behind. ,,The damaged path won't stop the hobgoblins for long."

Shake looks over the edge watching the goblins hit rock and splash around in river. ,,Trail won't be herding us anywhere." He stands and looks up the sheer cliff. "Trail ends."

,,The reason for the bridge," says William. William looks down at Myst and her glowing hond on Spear. 

Spears legs glows. Muscle mends. Blood stop spurting. Scabs form then the scabs grow to fleshs.

Minst lowers hands. He smiles. ,,I can levitate up. Probably take another with me." He looks at Carlos, "If we had a rope."

Carlos nods, ,,I have rope." He winks at Minst, "That's not poisoned. And I can climb this cliff.

Myst stands and helps Spear stand. Spear puts weight on the leg and smile, ,,Thank you." He stand on the leg. "Good the body won't resist the blessings of a God."

,,Be it magic," says Myst smiling.

Spear nods, ,,I can climb."

Kirra looks up the sheer cliff.  

Shake graps on to ledges and edges with hands and lifts him self up. He jams foreamrs and wedges. Feet stick against 

,,I stay down here," says William. He lifts sword and points tip, ,,If those goblins make it over."

Carlos pats William on the shoulder, ,,It's best if you use a rope." Carlos pats his Sash, "I have one." He grabs the rock wall and climbs.

Kirra looks and nods at William. ,,I can climb, but will wait here with William."

Spear jumps up and down. He steps way from the group and along the trail to the  goblins jummping over the damaged trail. He swings Bastard Sword side to side.  ,,I'll wait to climb until more goblins are headless."

Minst looks up to the top, ,,I could create a dimensional door." he puts hand in sack and frowns. He removes hand from bag, ,,My components are wet."

Jan takes off her robe. and hangs it over shoulder satchel. She puts her staff along her back. She looks at Kirra, ,,I will climb."

Kirra nods. She pulls an arrow from from quiver and holds  bow peering along the trail toward Spear.

Myst steps to wall and looks up. ,,I can't climb that."

Shake, Carlos and Jan climb cliff wall grabbing ledges, cracks, edges pushing and pulling up the wall. Shake moves legs and arms without stop or pause. Carlos grabs an edge, tests the hold of feet and hands then pulls and pushes and reaches for another grip. Then stops and looks around for another hold. Jans hands and feet lift and slide from edge and ledge and moutnain cut pausing to search for the next hold.

Spear, William, Kirra, Myst and Minst spread out along path. Spear and William walk shoulder to should to the decline of the trail bumping shoulders. Kirra inspect her bow and arrows. Myst stands by the rope and spike of fallen bridge and holds her star and says, ,,What will we do now. There is hope, but hope will not rise us above the crowd?"

Kirra looks up from her bow, ,,Spear, William. The trail is too narrow."

William shoulder bumps cliff wall and Spears foot steps and edge of trail. Their drawn weapon hang low. The stop and look at each then stare.

,,I'm not the one wanting to be be a bard," says Spear. He smiles.

William smiles and nods. He steps behind Spear.

The walk along the trail the decline. They stare down. 

A steel stipped spear on the trial below lands a long jumb away.

A rush of shouts and screaming raises from a long column of of hobgoblins and goblins. Spears, daggers, swords rise and shake above head. Darts are blown and spears are thrown landing a long jump away.

Hobgoblins and goblins climb up mountain side then slipe and fall into the goblins leave and scream in their walk. 

Two ropes span from ones side of hole in the trail. Two golbins hammer wooden spikes wrapped by rope. Four hobgoblins stand between goblins and Willaim and Spear near the goblins pounding on spikes.

,,Kirra," William says, "How many arrows do you have."

Kirra walks from Myst and Minst and stands by Spear. ,,Six." She stares below. "Its steep down, clear path, little wind." She looks at Spears, "I may even be able to hit a couple." 

Willaim says, ,,The gobins hammaring."

Spear nods. 

Kirra looks back to Myst and Minst, ,,Get ready for something." She looks up at the mountain side. 

Shake stares down from above waving. Carlos stands holding a crack and while feet stand on outcropping of rock. Jan grabs a ledge and reaches for the top.

,,Now would be the best time," says William.

Kirra nods, steps before Spear, pulls, loads arrow, pulls back and release. Four more arrows flow fluid from quicker to bow through air.

On arrow files between hobgoblins and into the head of a hammering goblin. Two arrows floy wide into the river below. Two arrows hobgoblins running uup hte narrow trail hill to Kirra, Spear and William. 

Goblins and hobgoblins jumb over hole in wide path. They lower and grapple the ropes strung across gap. Their cheers and screams and cries increase. 

A few spears are flung followed by cheers and gutteral taunts. 

Spear burshes by Kirra raises bastard sword in one hand and hollering low and deep deafening the goblins and hobgoblins screech and screams. 

William grabs long sword. Kirra unseaths a long sword and a knife and run after Spear.

Spear, Kirra, William step and slide down the wide path.

Myst runs after William have he disspears down the trail. 

Minst fumbles through sack full of pouches. 

Above Shake helps Jan  over the ledge. The run long the ledge following the direction of Willliam, Kirra and Spear.

Carlos finds another hand hold and foot hold and pushe and lifts up along the cliff wall.

Hobgoblins and Spear collide with a clash of swords. Two hobgoblins grapple Spear and push him to the trail's edge. One holds sword holding hand the both claws.

Spear's feet scrape edge. He lets out a roar. Muscles pulse. He pushes back. 

Kirra runs between two hoblgobins push Spear to the mountain wall followed by William. Kirra blocks a sword swing and stabs dagger at hobgoblin hitton a rusted chest plate. William steps and spins, ducks under a high sword swing and cuts into a hobgoblin. 

The columns of goblins and hobgoblins surge forward pushing goblins and hoblins over the. Other scatter up a short embankment and try two walk from the path only to slip and fall into the river. Darts and spears are thrown only to stick and stab into hobgoblins and goblins.   

Rocks fall from above.

Jan and Spear push and toss rocks from above pounding into the hobgoblins and goblins. 

,,I don't know what to do, Rieghn," says Myst. "What should I do?"

The end of a silk rope falls by Myst and Minst.

,,CLIMB!" hollers Carlos.

Minst nods to Myst, ,,You go."

Myst graps rop and climbs. 

Spear grabs a hobgoblin around the waist, pushes hobgoblin against cliff wall, bends and arches back lifting hobling from ground bringing both heads to the ground. He lets go.

The hobgoblins flips over edge. The other hobgoblins watches the other fall then sweing sword hitting Kirra on the forearm. Kirra pushes the hobgoblin into the back of William. Then swing at the hobgoblin to her side. Her sword swing misses as the hobgoblin steps back. A spear then strikes into the hobgoblins neck.

William stumbles, but presses down the trail parrying swords swings and slashing holding a goblin and hobgoblin back and pressing them to the hole in the trail. 

Rocks fall the cliff above hititng the hobgoblins climbing walls.

Spear says loud, ,,Willaim, get back and climb."

William parries and swings and presses two goblins and hobgoblin back. Two darts strike his shoulder.

Above Myst grabs Carlos's hand and runs long the rim to Shake and Jan through rocks. 

Minst grabs rope and climbs. 

,,William!" says Kirra.

Spear rolls right to a stand next to William. He steps back from a wild hobgoblin sword swing. 

,,Willliam," says Spear.

William looks at Spear and parries another swing. He looks back and steps back.

Spear raises sweord to block a swing allowing William to return to the rope.

Three more hoblins jump the gap in the trail and crawl
to the other side. 

Kirra and Spear stand side to side holding back the hobgoblins with blocks and parries finding a rhythm in their montion.

William scrambles up the trail and grabs the rope and climbs. 

Carlos graps Minst's hand and pulls him up to ledge. He stands and cups hand over mouth, ,,RUN TO THE ROPE."

Spear and Kirra swing and parry holding now.

"NOW." 

Spear and Kirra run up the trail letting feet slide and slip.

Darts skip off the rock. 

Spear and Kirra reach the incline peak and run to the rope.

Hobgoblins and goblins follow.

Carlos holds a dart with a large tip. He throws the tip at the goblins chasing Spear and Kirra.

The dart hits.

An explosion blows goblins from trail taking dirt and rock with them to the river below. The moutain side vibrates and settles. 

William sways on rope the climbs.

Spear and Kirra grab hold of cliff and climb.

Steep incline slop of mountain side rises. Pine trees and brush cover scarce patch of mountains side. A breeze with gusts of wind blow and whistle through canyon.

Sounds of screaming hobgoblins and goblins silence returning bird chirps. 

William, Spear and Kirra pull over edge and roll to backs. They sprawl arms and legs wide. Their breathe slows. William closes eyes and softly laughs.

Carlos grabs the rope and pulls it up.

A dust clouds billows and blows away. Chunks of trail hang from sheer cliff. Gobins and hobgoblins cling to mountain and trail edge. Arms and legs lay spread upon remains parts of trail. 

Shake runs at Carlos, pulls out knife, jumps and raises blade.

Carlos spins around before blade stabs back. He hooks Shake with rope, pulls tight binding knife hand, rolls to back and placed foot on the chest of the flying Shake.

Shake flies over the edge of the cliff. He graps rope with free hand and hits the side of the cliff.

William opens eyes, scrambles to feet and unsheaths long sword, steps quick to Carlos. ,,Justify you actions,  Carlos."

,,The theif attacked him," says Spear. Minst, Myst and Jan nod heads.

Shake lifts up on rope with free hand and cuts rope with other.

William look to Spear, Minst, Myst and Jan then lowers sword. He step to ledge shaking head. 

Carlos pull up the rope and loops it around shoulder. He steps back from edge and grabs his hammer. He point to the edge. ,,,Keep that think away from me or I will nail it into the ground." 

Shake pulls himself over the ledge to Williams feet. He stands and twirls dagger. He points tip at Carlos, ,,That sheeps is wolf."

Carlos grins and lifts hammer, ,,I should pound you in the ground for using such bad metaphors" He turn back to Shake and walks away from ledge and up the mountian incline to a group of pine trees. He rolls rop along the way.

,,Explain yourself, Shake," William says. His jaw set. He stares at Spear.

Myst, Minst and Spear step betwene Carlos and Shake. 

Jan and Kirra step away from the group  

,,That grave living dwarf ambushed us," says Shake.

Minst shrugs, ,,Aaah, last I remember a bunch of goblins ambushed us."

,,RIGHT!," says Shake. "Using illusions." His body slightly trembles. "Like that short hairy troll.

William nods head, but then shakes head, ,,But we asked him to come with us?"

,,Only because what we found out in stories at the pub about your a possible location of the castle," says Shake to William.

William nods.

"HE'S A BARD THAT CASTES ILLUSIONS!" Shake shouts with spit flying, " AND CAN SPIN A GOOD TAILE."

Carlos takes rope from around tree, walks to  the group and puts the rope in a sack. He pats the sack and stands by the group. ,,Yes, I am bard," Carlos hooks hammar on belt. "And a good one, but I can't  sing to charm goblins and hobgoblin," Carlos steps near Shake. He points,  "you letting your haste and speed addicted mind caste paranoid illusoins inside your little mind."

Shake lunges at Carlos. Spear and William catch Shake's trembling body. ,,I will slit your thraot. 

Carlos holds stance. ,,You need sleep for sanity." Carlos looks at Wiliam, ,,It been fun." 

William pivots head side to side and slumps shoulders, ,,What about your winnings?"

,,Not worth the trouble," says Carlos. He begins walking into the canyon.

,,And the loot?" says Willliam. 

Carlos continues the walk, pulls flute from sash, and says before the flute is before mouth. ,,Loot that is imagined in pub stories." He cleans tip of flute, "I have better ways to earn money."

Shake shakes loose from Spear and William. He straightes tunic and says, ,,Why is it walking into the canyon?"

Carlos lets loose a loud laugh, ,,The trail below is blown and littered with goblins. The trail behind is a straight drop. The trail above is too steep." Carlos raises flut to lips and plays a soft song with the breeze whistle. 

Spear peers at Shake and walks away up the moutain slope and sits by trees starring at the companioons and the ravine. 

Myst looks at William, slaps his shoulder, ,,Didn't you say you needed Carlos the Barded Dwarf to solve the riddle and sing the song." She walks from William by Kirra and Jan, says, ,,Sorry." 

Kirra shrugs.

Myst jogs to Carlos then walks with him slightly sliding on the incline. ,,Don't listen to shake."

Carlos finishes a note and lowers flute, ,,It wasn't the listening that about got me a knife in the back. Carlos wakls up slope further way from the sheer ledge and to groups and pairs of trees. 

Pebbles roll down slop and off the ledge.

Myst follows Carlos, ,,But we need you."

Carlos ducks under a limb, ,,I will not waste time and life travelling with a knife wielding haste addict letting paranoia guide the tip of it blade into my back."

,,But," says Myst.

Carlos rasises flut and walks away.

Myst returns to the group. 

Myst walks to Shake and shoves him toward the ledge. ,,Fool." Shake laughs and steps back to edge. William graps Myst. Myst shakes shoulders loose and walks way following Carlos's trail.

Shake calms soft tremor. He shrugs, say loud to Mysts back, ,,WHY DO WE NEED A FURY LITTLE SHEEP WHEN WE HAVE A BARD RIGHT HERE!" He points to William and shakes head. 

William walk dripping away after Myst and by Kirra and Jan.

Kirra and Jan dry weapons and rings ropes and cloths of water driping mud to ground.

Spear looks over ledge.

The destroyed trail below leaves goblins and hobgoblins stranded on small ledges. Some toss corpses to the river below. Some look above and point at Spear. Most walk with the river flow back to dirt slide and down from the ravine. 

Across the ravine and river the hoboblins walk along the trail, up river, past the bridge.

Spear steps from ledge, ,,We need to go." Spear walks to Jan and Kirra, points to edige, "There are foew climbing up. Most are continuing up river. We best be on the move."

Kirra and Jan look at each other. Kirra nods. Kirra, Jan and Spear follow William. William follows Myst. 

Minst and Shake stand. Minst walks the trail. He pulls out small pouch from a large sack and hangs wet pouches along his belt. 

Shake points to the sack. ,,You need a water proof sack."

Minst glances at Shake then looks back in bag pulling out this pouch and that pouch and hangning it from waist.

Mountain shadows shade the canyon Valley in dim dark. The breeze becomes a soft wind. The heat becomes a chill.

The mountian slope from ledge to rock face inclines angle between pine trees and brush. Dirt and rock shift and slide with each step.

Myst with William walking behind lead the trail through trees and brush. Feet slip and slide. Hands grab tree trunks and branches to stop the slide to the ledge. 

Rocks tumble down and fall over to the edge below. 

Sun beams behind illuminate then dim behind the horizon.

Soft wind becomes hard blowing dirt in faces...

A low thunder rolls through the canyon.

William follows Myst stow and steady stepping path  from tree to tree up the slope far from the ledge until the slope is too steep to walk or crawl. 

Myst shivers, she pulls hat from pack wrings it of water and puts it on head.

,,Can we talk about this?" says William.

Myst steps from tree to brush to tree lowering to the left to balance. 

Jan, Kirra and Spear walk with sure foot following behind.

Minst shuffles along the trail catching up to Spear. The pouches shake and rattle around his belt. 

Shake walks along the ledge and twirls knife looking at the rushing river far below and watching spot of goblin and hobgoblins winding around the trail.

Swirls of mist swirls and falls.  

,,Where's Buckey?" says William. His head hangs low.

Myst signs, ,,I don't know, William." She stops and looks back at William. "I just don't like Shake."

,,I know," William says, "People don't, but I know him. He means well. He's just thinking he's helping."

Myst shakes head up and down. She smiles, ,,Lets go."

Spear steps to Myst and William, ,,We need to get going. We have the waterfall to climb."

The wide slope narrows to a wide road of rock. 

They walk through trees and brush and deeper into the sound of thunder and mist around bends and turns of the canyon walls into clouds of mist and pounds of thunder.  

Waterfalls over ledge high above crashing through the ravine. Trees give place for boulders. Dirt gives what to slick surfaces. Brush gives away to vines.

Vine and moss cover shear and jagged rock face acending on the side of the waterfall.

William looks up then back, ,,WE SHOULD GO BACK! CLIMB UP SOME PLACE ELSE," he shouts.  

,,NO," says Shake. Shake and Minst step to the group. "GOBLINS CLIMB UP WALLS." Shake walks to the wet edge and stands on peak of rock, "AND THEY CLIMB THE WATERFALL!"

,,USING THE OLD WAGON LIFT" says William. "WE NEED TO CLIMB."

,,TOO BAD WE DON'T HAVE A ROPE TO HELP US!" hollers
Myst.

Shake steps from rock to rock, ,,AND SOME HOW HE'S DISAPPEARED!"

,,ARE YOU SURE YOU DIDN'T IMAGINE THE GOBLINS CLIMBING WALLS." hollers Myst.

Spear scratches head and walks to the rock wall and climb pulling on vine and rocks lifing him up. 

Kirra and Jan step from boudler to rock following Spear to the rock face.

,,WAIT," hollars Minst. He pulls a pouch from his belt. He climbs over boulders way from the water fall. He stands on a flat rock and looks up to the top of the waterfall. His fingers grab the components from pouch and fling them before him while sweeping arms wide and shout, "GLOU!"

A spot of light shines before Minst. The spot expands to a circle of black with a rim of shinning light. On the ledge above near the waterfall top a black circle with a shimmering rim grows.

Minst steps into the circle of black before him, and he steps from the circle of black by the waterfall ledge. He looks down and smiles. He steps into the circle of black and steps out of the circle of black. "WON'T LAST." 

Minst steps through. Shake skips over the rocks into the black circle appearing at the top of the waterfall next to Minst. William and Myst the Kirra and Jan follow. One by one they step through and step to the edge of the waterfall.  

,,SPEAR, IT WON'T LAST LONG!" hollers Minst pointing to the black circle.

Spear pivots head side to side and climbs the mountain.

The black cicle shrink to a shimmering dot of light then the light fades.

Spear climbs up the rock face.

The companions above spread out.

Pine trees and tall oaks tower to the sky creating a premature night in the coming dusk. Birds chirp and flutter wings limb to limb. Gust of wind blow then settle to a breeze. The flat land spreads flat and smooth wide and far until the trees hide the distance.

The mountain canyon and the river ravine spans from the ledge to the river to the world below.  

The sun dips below the horizen. 

Spear lifts himself over the ledge. ,,No goblins," He says.

William points across river, ,,Looks like the wagon life isn't lowered."

The companions stand apart. 

Everyone stares at each other.

Then the loud shout of a horse is.

William smiles, ,,Buckey."

,,I smell goblins," Spear.

A roar then a whinny of a horse is. The whinny rises the lowers.

,,Buckey," William walks from the ledge of the waterfall into the forest. "That's Buckey."

,,William," says Shake, "A trap." Shake walks with William.  

,,And those are goblins," says Kirra.

The goblins stand and sit at the water's edge. They look peer at the companions.

,,We should go deeper into the forest," says Myst.

,,Fine with me," says Minst. 

Spear steps to the water edge. 

The goblins look across the river and point. They walk from the shore and walk through trees and brush. They poke sticks at the water. 

,,They don't care about us," says Spear.

Myst looks from William to Spear then across the river. ,,Probably don't know we are the ones the other's are chasing."

,,True," says Kirra. Kirra picks up a rock and tosses it into the river. 

,,Mabye their full of dwarf," smiles Shake. 

The rock spashes. The slash ripple flows over the water's edge.

A few goblins sitting stand and hoot. A few goblins walk from the trees. Then the goblins sit or walk away. 

,,But they will," says Kirra.

Spear nods. 

A soft whinney flows through the trees.

William walks into the forest. ,,That's Buckey."

,,A trap," says Shake. Shake fidgets and pops knuckles. He walk by William. Then makes a circle.

,,If it's a trap then its on this side of the river because the sound is coming from this side of the river." says Kirra.

Minst says, ,,Shouldn't we avoid being seen by the goblins?"

Spear, Kirra, Shake and William nod. 

"Couln't we causiously follow the sound?" says Minst.

Spear, Kirra and William nod.

Shake scratches head, looks to William and says, ,,If you're taking the herd to chase ghosts, I'll keep my distance." 

Trees grow close. Brush covers span between trunks. Leaves and pine needles cover dirt. 

Steps crunch and snap twigs. 

Dust dims the spaces between. 

The site of the river fades leaving on the outline of it sound to trace its existence.

Shake silently steps through the shadows away from the Minst, Myst, Spear, Kirra, Jan and William.

Another loud whinney follows the breeze through the compainions and beyond. 

Kirra ppoints left and they move left walking between trees and around brush and through the night. 

As the sound of the river fades, the crunch of pines feels ominous. 

A soft snort of a horse is.            

Kirra stops, ,,That was near."

William stand beside her, ,,Where?"

A loud whinney with a deep snort followed by clomp of hooves come from above.

Kirra looks up, ,,Above?"

Nets fall over the campanions. Shadows descend and land around the group. 


