Shake wakes covered in sweat. He smells like with a hint of vinegar. His mouth is dry. Tonque is swollen. Throat is courge and sire.

Shake hacks and coughs and spits and blows snot and mucus from mouth. 

Kirra opens her eyes. The stone glows light blue with shakes of dark blue of the tables and the chairs. 

The food on table radiates a near pink to a warm light reds. 

William deep red body breathes slowly in then out. He lets out a snort.

Warm red waves flow from the edges of the coves warming the stone.

The lights shine.

Shake stands and puts finger against nose. He leans over balcony rail and blows out nose.

Kirra stands and walk from table.

Snott flies from Shakes nose and from the balcony to the ground below.

Shake hears chirps and squeaks.

Kirra steps by William. ,,Where's Spear?"

Shake blows out nose and says, ,,Lost in his thoughts.'' He clears throat and spits overside. He sees that the jeweled dwarven dagger's hilt shining in the light. He kicks his padded leather on top of the hilt. 

Kirra, standing behind Shake looks from the now covered hilt to Shake. ,,He's gone."

,,Gone," Says Shake. He flutters arm and steps from balcony to room to open space between round table and rectangle table near William.

More lights shine illuminating half the room.

Kirra walks to Willaim and kicks is legs. ,,William. Wake. Spear is missing."

William stirs and chomps and smakes lips and tongue. He snots.

,,WILLIAM," says Spear loud and deep.

,,What?" says Willaim. His eyes slowly open.

,,Spear," says Kirra. "Gone."

William sits up, ,,Spear!" He stands and lifts sword. "Shake, what's in the hall over the balcony?"

Shake walks to the door, says, ,,Nothing put sqeaks and a few more lights out there in the pen." 

The lights shine from the relief statues. 

Shake steps to the hall and darkness. 

,,His cloths are here," says Kirra.

,,There's darkness here." Shake says, "Where's The Sage?"

Kirra looks at William and William to Kirra.

,,Minst, Myst," says William he walks to the enbedded beds. "Myst." He grabs a relief statue and lifts. "Myst. Spear is gone. That Sage, too."

,,Hern," says Myst. She crawls to edge of bunk rubbing eyes. "Maybe." She blinks. "Maybe there was something wrong with Spear."

Shake steps into the shadows. Kirra follows. Jan crawls and lowers from the embedded bed. 

william steps to the ground and holds sword before him. ,,The took him. We have to think that." He looks back. "Unless there is another feeling."

Myst looks at William.

William shakes head. ,,No. Please we need to know not matter the way." William walks to the balcony. "We need all the help we can get. We need to find Spear. He looks into the darkness. "Blast the dark so we may see. 

Kirra pushes aside Shake, who stands by the stairs. Kirra says, ,,I will see what is in the hall." She walks into the darkness seeing the shades of heat outine the hall. "The steps are warm. It's all warm."

Jan lowers from embedded bed and pulls satchel from enbedded bed. 

,,Dwarves and rats," says Shake. He walks from the door and to his pile of rags and his leathers. He grabs the bundle of leathers and slides the dwarves dagger behind back and puts on his leather pads. He ties of the side then slides the dagger into a long pouch with a shirt and hat. He pulls out his own dagger and looks at its dull knife. "Maybe I will get more rat to eat?"

,,Shake," says William walking to the door and the darkness and the sounds of Kirra walking down the steps. 

Minst wakes and yawns. He pushes sack from embedded bed and rolls to the edge to the floor. He stretches. Myst grabs her amulet and walks to the balconey.

William stops at the door and looks back. ,,Should we stay away from the balcony?"

,,Nah," says Shake. "They want us they got us in here like penned up sheep." Shake stops and looks looks athte books and food. "Maybe we should leave or split up?"

,,What," says Minst. "Penned up. What's the situation?"

,,Spear is gone. The Sage is gone." He looks back. "We need to ready for assult. We need to ready for a battl. I suggest reamining in the room. We can close the doors. Use the tables to block it." He walks from the door.

Kirra steps further from the doors hearing nothing or seeing no change. She smells smoke and wet fur. She steps down the stairs with silence. She pulls out her shortsword and dagger. She whisltes.

,,Kirra sees nothing," says Jan. She walks to the balcony and looks from it seeing more light grays and grays acrooss the cavern floor.

The edges of buildings are defined by black lights. Small figures contrast with shades of gray walk on the dim rock face below. 

''The cavern is illuminates and I see nothing?"

,,Is he a rat," says Shake following William to a table.

Both Shake and William push the stone round table moving it a few slides. The muscles strain. Their voices strain when both push.

Kirra hears the sliding of the table, and she runs up the stair leaving no sound.

The table scraps and moans with vibration across the floor. 

,,I CAN MOVE THAT," says Minst above the table virbrating moan.

Myst winces and tries to focuse the song in her mind. 

A song of strings plucked like a lyre sings through her mind. The music slow and silent. She hears the chorus and a singers voice and begins to hum the tune and sing the sounds in her mind intune. Then a chorus sings and the instruments play to a rising tempo.

Myst feels warmth then a rush of blood as her heart beats. Myst slumps to the ground.

,,MYST!" hollers William he steps from table to balconey to a kneel near Myst.

,,I know not," whispers Myst. She looks at William with tear feeled eyes. "There is nothing."

Kirra runs through the door and to the balconey and rail. 

Jan looks at Kirra then Myst and William. ,,I see nothing." She walks drom the rail of the balconey to the room inside. "I feel only stone."

,,Stone," says Shake. He pushes against table. He grunts, "This...Thing ...I heavy."

,,Nothing," whispers Myst, "Nothing."

William stares silently at Myst.

Minst yawns. ,,What do I need to do?"

Kirra looks back at Minst then looks below.

William stands and looks down at Myst. ,,A magical barrier around the door. We need to stop what ever took-"

,,A pack of rats gather below," says Kirra.

,,What," William walks to Kirra and looks into the darkness. "I don't see."

,,They are there. They've been there," says Kirra.

Jan says, ,,I can neither feel nor spread my force to see and feel the life." She looks at Kirra. She grabs her staff and walks by Kirra. 

A pack of rats circle around the base of switch back stairs. Two rats run as a pair up the steps until the disappear under the balconey.

,,We may have guests," says Jan.

Kirra walks from rail.

William steps from rail. ,,Myst, we need you."

Myst cries feel a hollow emptiness as the song fades to silence. The whispering sung song leaves a void. She falls into the void and lays to the ground.

,,MYST," He grabs her. Jan kneels and lays Myst on her back pressing hand over thraot. "She breats and beats."

,,William." says Kirra. She raises sword  and knife and step to the door.

Myst searches through his large sack saying, ,,Bark, bark, bark, bark..." His hands shakes.

A wererat leaps from door and into room. It's loud chirps and squeals strike with thrashing claws. It lands and slams against the floor as William slams guantlet covered fist into the rat's face.

The rat chirps and tries to scamper away. 

William slams guantlet into the back.

The rat slams to the ground, rolls to its back, and thrashes.

Shake tosses a dagger. The dagger sinks into the rat's side.

The rat kicks William to the ground.

Shake leaps onto the rat and is kicked off.

The rat claws to the door.

William reaches and grabs his sword.

Minst says, ''Bark." He grabs the component bag and pulls it from bag. The shapes of a square growd in mind and frames the door. He waves an open palm and says, ''Frit. Grin.''

A flash appears around the door.

The rat hits the door and claws at an invisible wall and chirps.

William raises his sword and thrust it at the rat.

,,Wait." say Jan as she grabs Kirra's arm from throwing a dagger.

William's sword sinks the rat's back and through its body.

The falls to ground. It's body relaxes. It's paw's twitch the stop still.

,,No," says Jan. She runs to the wererat and grabs William's hands around sword hilt and pulls. "PULL."

William pulls swords from the rat and steps back. He looks at Kirra.

Kirra looks at Jan. 

Jan kneels next to the still rat, says, ,,It's Spear."


