Myst stands with Minst and follows Spear, William, Kirra, Jan and Shake.

Guile drinks water and glances to watch Minst steps the stairs to the ceiling. He pushes off stool bumping stomach against as short man with bald calm and a pine cone hanging from a necklace. He follows the trail of mud foot prints up the steps.

The steps are wide and smile. The faint smell of rot fume from foot brings.

The smoke, the sink and the talk hang beings as Guile steps along the stairs and to the room.

The door shuts.

Coal walks down the hall with feel walking like two swords crossing. He nods. ,,Guile.''

The sound of Coal's voice repeats in the mind of Guile.

Coal's manner to stare, stand with arched back, roll eyes, call out play in Guile's mind as Guile hears the surface talk below the surface of his mind.

Coal thinks, <Needs a bath. What's that smell? Where's the...Here.> Coal opens the door. ,,After you, Haste,'' says Coal with a slight bow. No surface talk thought come from Coal, but a feeling of calm with traces of stress eminate from Guile.

Haste lowers head and steps into the room.

All, but Shake stand and face the door. Shake looks at the window.

,,Speed,'' says Coal. He looks from Kirra, Jan, Myst, Spear and William.

Kirra, Jan, Myst, Spear and William stand and hold hilts and dagger and hammer handles.

Muddy foot prints spread over the floor near the window bed and walls. 

Shake turns from window and says, ,,Coal! It pleases me to intro-''

Coal raise a hand. ,,Forgo the intoductions. The less I know about this band of adventures the better.'' He stares at each of the pack. ''I see Iza did his job by bring you here for food. First let say things for saving THEPERSONTHEYSAVED. And while I hope you have enjoyed your meal I will have to ask you to leave town before the next day.''

,,Coal,'' says Shake.

,,Hear me out, Speed. Let me have my talk then you may have yours,'' says Coal.

Shake shrug shoulders as he jerks head back.

''There are hobgoblins infesting the town. AS time ticks now there are hobgoblins.'' He points to Guile while looking at everyone. ''Haste here seen three goblins yesterday. As did Oilin. And while I did have some reservation about Speed telling the tales of heros fighting and burning the goblins tower, I believed them only to be tales as tall as the tower burned. Now the hereos may or not be standing before me in my place of business, so I have to worry about these hobgoblins running about putting together the tale with Speed's new friends and the commotion of last night. Then we could all have more than a story to tell, but a battle to fight.''

William folds his arms. ,,What kind of man stands by while goblins invade the very town he lives and prospers?'' 

Coal stares at William. ,,Boy, a man's got to know people and life before he can be a man.'' Coal holds stare with William then looks at all. ''The people your see in the streest and through the forest have been coming since the Dead Season. There's no place for them sans the canyon you came from, but unless you have word that the spirits that rules that land have amble food and shelter for the season then where these people sleep will be there home while the snow lays.'' Coal lets the words fall silent. He walks toward window while saying. ''I didn't notice until a Mage of the Golden asked me why I was hosting hobgoblins.'' He glances back. ''Didn't see the through the illusion.'' He looks through the window. ''Probably out ten or twelve in the intersection.'' He steps from the window. ''The probably came with the hordes of people fleeing. From the tales of Shake, an illusionist, a quite capable one, is helping them blendin.'' He looks at William to say, ''So it has been asked why I haven't gathered a local militia and fought the invaders.''

Minst says between a span of silence, ,,Because there would be chaos and fear and death to the people who flee.''

,,There's a smart one,'' says Coal. He clears throat and straightens the line of his vest. ''All I can do is watch and prepare for the Growth season. And that brings all of us back to my reasoning for wanting the gathered here to leave.'' He stands by the door and steps to face the pack. ''There's already been one death in recent days of a long friend and good man. Stabbed into the heart he was. Not a thing stolen or taken from a place were even I would be jeoulous of the gold and jewels that were left behind by the killer. Who knows the reason? I can only assume he knew or was growing weary of waiting for snow to thaw to act. Laddin always was lacking the ability to heed his time.''

Coal's words fall to silences.

Coal looks over the pack and says with a smirk, ,,Please, ask any questions.''

,,Where do we go know?'' says Minst.

,,If you seek a safe place to hide, I suggest returning to the canyon. If you left there alive, then I can only assume fate loves you or the spirits are willing to let you live. If you seek a journey then there are plains, mountains and water to journey.'' He looks at Minst. ''I have no desire to know where you go or what you want to do.'' He looks at all. ''The less I know the more I help myself and the people of this establishment from being taken prisoner.''

,,Are there any questions about the goblins or the town?'' says Coal.

,,Where can we get supplies?'' says William.

,,When Iza returns, I will have him take you around town for the day. With him, you will be able to better deals and better equipment.'' Coal looks from William to each. 

,,The valley. Need information. Lay land. Map,'' says Kirra.

,,Iza can take you?''

,,How long are you letting us remain?'' says William.

Coal raise brow. ,,Here? The night. You can find another building or camp, but the longer you remain here the more likely the goblins will see you as people that burned their tower. Be that true of false.'' 

They all stand in a silence and state of stare until...

,,Where's Jaxel and Lim?'' says Shake stepping between Minst and Kirra toward.

He looks a t Shake. ,,Dead,'' says Coal.  

Shake stands.

Coal steps, says, ''I'll send Iza to this room or to Speed once he returns,'' and leaves closing the door behind.

,,What did his mind say?'' says Shake.

Minst steps back, touches spin of spell book tucked under armor and sits on bed with a flop.

Guile blinks. ,,His mind said what he said. His energy was calm and busy.'' Guile looks at Shake. ''He feels to be honest.''

Shake nods. 

Minst says, ,,How do you know?''

,,I don't care,'' says Myst. ''Can we trust this, this...''

,,Friend,'' says Shake. ''Yes.''

,,Are you Hern's son?'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Guile. ''I am Guile.''

,,YOu can read minds?'' says Minst.

,,I can read most minds,'' say Guile.

Spear huffs, ,,Another spellcaster.''

,,A psoinicist,'' says Shake.

,,A what?'' says Spear.

,,A mind reader,'' says Shake.

,,Where are we going if not here?'' says Myst. Her pack falls to the ground and drum swings as walks to sit by Minst.

,,To stop the goblins horde, to find the small shield?'' says William.

Myst smirks, ,,Great mighty plan. Maybe we can ask on of the goblins running around where their leader is?''

William and Myst glare then William looks away. ,,We go beyond the line. Or we follow a goblin found in the ground to their camp.'' He looks at everyone
avoiding Myst. ''We talk to people and find what they know.''

,,What about the map?'' says Shake.

William drops his pack and opens.

Minst says, ,,It was much of a map. I only looked to become like a window when we looking through it. there was some thing about the sun, but we didn't see anything. Only the mountian. The grass field.''  Minst looks at Guile. ''The grass of your mother's field.''

Guile stands and looks at no one toward the window and the wooden desk near the window. He looks at the relief carvings along the wood legs illuminated by the tiny orbs glowing about the room.

There is silence.

,,It's difficult to be good when they think you bad,'' says Shake. ''It's difficult to be good when your dead.''

,,I only want the goblins dead,'' says William as he looks from his pack. He pulls out the map. 

Spear tosses his pack to the ground and sits with a grunt. 

,,Why do we hate goblins?'' says Jan.

,,Because they killed Buckey,'' says Shake. 

Jan looks from Guile, to William, to Minst, to Myst, to Spear, to Kirra.

Kirra says, ,,They defile.''

William clenches his fist. ,,I hate them for damaging the road through the canoyn and nearly killing us.'' 

,,They don't believe in true gods,'' says Myst. 

William says, ,,God is difficult when everyone thinks you bad.'' He looks at Myst.

Myst hears the song of Reign play and peak. She glances at William. Then looks away.''

Shake winks. ,,Difficult to be good one one thinks you bad.'' He grins.

,,Jan, why did you quest to help save the canyon,'' says Minst.

,,It was dying,'' says Jan.

,,It is dying,'' says Kirra. She takes off her pack and sets her bow and quiver on bed.

Mud spreads from the quicker bow over the silk sheets.

,,Maybe if we find why or where or who we can stop the killing?'' William stands with his map. ''This is the map.''

Shake step form window and chair to William and grabs the map while Spear says as he sits lotus on cround spreading mud and blood over the silk rug's white moutain by a silver tower reaching into the sky.

Shake grabs the map and looks down at the mud and blood on the silk rub and sees the tower. ,,That tower looks like the one in Westmore Canyon.''

Minst stands and looks over Spear. ,,It does.''

,,Yes,'' says Kirra.

Spear pulls his pack to him.

,,Spear,'' says William. 

Spear looks at William. 

,,If it's not a bother could you move to the wood, so we may view the portrate of the rug,'' says William.

Spear grabs and stands and walks near the wall near the door to the wood floor spreading mud and blood over the oak. His foot prints step over the tower to base. 

The rug spans nearly all the floor. It spans under bed, near the endge of the door. The tower with two piers rise to the sun. The sun spreads under the bed. Below the sun and the tower top is the base a city of buildings high and low around the land to the edges of the rug. The sun, moutains, tower and city all look three dimension, like tilted.

,,It is a similar tower,'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' say Kirra.

,,Where could it's location be?'' says Jan.

Guile breathes thorugh mouth and suck through nose clearing snott. ,,Like the reliefs and drawings throughout this town, they could be anywhere.''

Myst nods.

,,Is there anything under the bed?'' says Minst.

,,Spear,'' says William. He looks at Spear and smiles.

,,The bed.'' Spear stands and drops flap on top of pack on pack. He walks to bed and crouches.

William walks to bed and crouches.

,,Where we going to put this by the desk behind you,'' syas William.

They lift the bed.

A sun and sky are shown.

Spear and William stands.

Spear says walking back to his pack. ,,I seen the sky and sun this morning.''

William, Minst, Kirra, Jan and Myst looks at the rug and the city.

The buildings of the rug are wove in detail to show alleys and roads the circle around the tower.

Shake holds the map and looks from the rug to Spear.

Spear opens his pack and pulls out a long column of plates stacked like a slab of salami. Fingers and palms shift and slide round blocks that lock to create a wooden breats plate, and shoulder armor.

The light wood feel deep. The outlines of the

,,What's that?'' says Shake.

,,Rock wood,'' says Kirra.

,,Warrior of the Rose Armor,'' says Guile.

,,Pretty,'' says Shake. He leans on elbows and looks at the armor. He looks at Shake. ''Steal it?''

,,He earned it,'' says Myst.

Minst says, ,,And the map?''

Shake, starring at the rug, looks from it to Minst to the map. He steps to the window light unrolling the map. ,,Have you inspected its magic?''

,,Yes,'' says Minst. "Altering, Illusion, Summonsing.''

Shake looks through the map and stare through it.

The map is like a foggy window as it shows the rug, the desk the windows, the people standing shivering coughing holding staring, the buildings with sun shining on top, the base of the stone and brick reservoir, the moutains and the canyon wall.

Sunshines against the mountians.

Shake squints.

Lines, squares, circles and shapes with different and angeles and curves write in lines above the reservoir, the buidings spaning into the sun and to the forest. ,,I can't read the marks. They look like labels.''

,,What markings?'' Minst and William and Myst nearly say at the same time. All three step to Shake and the window.

They crouch lower to see with Shake through the map. The see the lins of symbols by the objects. 

The symbol labels move and over the surface of the scroll as Shake moves the scoll before their sight. The hover like they are affixed to the objects.

,,Magical symbols.'' Minst stares. ''They are not like a dwarven magic symbols which are more like reliefs and found in the weave the are around. These...'' He goes silent.

Guile stands and walks with Kirra and Jan to the map.

Minst speaks again. ,,These markings are the common type found. They spell out.'' Minst stands. ''Their names is common.'' He glances at Guile. ''Surface Talk.''

,,Why didn't you see this on the ridge?'' says Spear as he slides two sections of shoulder armor together.

,,I don't know,'' say Minst.

Myst peers and looks at Spear. ,,It could be we didn't hold the map and see through it any land marks it recognized.'' She stands at full height and walks
aways. ''Not very useful map for trying to find a direction.''

,,It is a good tool,'' says Guile.

William looks at Guile. ,,It may be.''

Myst drops her muddy pack on the bed sheet staining it with mud. ,,Doen't tell us where to go?'' She kick heel of book agains the foor knocking mud from the sole.

,,Maybe there will be some twinkling light to follow?'' says William with a loud whisper.

Shake snickers and nearly snort.  ,,We need to go thorugh the goblins front. Or capture one in town.''

,,Where's the goblin front,'' says Minst. He touch his spell book and grabs it as touches the components set in belts. His bag hits the ground as Jan speaks.

Jan says, ,,How can we stop a goblin horde?'' 

,,Kill the leader,'' says Spear. 

,,What if they have more than one leader?'' says Jan.

,,Kill them all,'' says Kirra. She walks from the map and to her pack, quiver and bow on bed. She pulls rag from pack and being to wipe the bow and arrows free of mud.

Jan feels the rage from Kirra tip the balance of rage.

,,What does the mark by the canyon read?'' says Shake.

Minst read aloud. ,,Blue's Canyon.''

,,Blue,'' says Jan.

,,Yes,'' says Minst.

,,If I never here that name again...'' William lets his voice fade for Spear to finish. ,,Blue will be strangled.''

Kirra smiles and feels a wave of joy from Jan. Kirra says, ,,Balance.''

Shake lowers map and rolls map saying, ,,Who's Blue?''

,,Blue,'' says Jan. ''Blue seen to me the death of the mother. The defling and transistion. The mother was of the land we walk now.''

Kirra looks at Jan. ,,The mother summons. The goblins.'' They stare.

Shake says, ,,Who's Blue?''

Kirra and Jan stare. Jan closes her eyes. Jan feels as if her body is standing on nothing.

They stare. All look at Jan and Kirra for a moment then William says, ,,We must warn Lyno of the goblins. We must be honest and not hide this secret from the people.''

,,No,'' says Shake. He feels the buzz glow body. ''There are too many families and people.'' He glances at Spear's armor and black mesh fabric.

Spear straps leather straps molded and folded with the wooden armor plats around chest and biceps the stretches the black stretch over the shoulder and biceps, chests tomach towaist  as William says after Shake.

,,They deseve to know for Coal doesn't know when the goblins hord will attack,'' says William. He clenches his fist.

Shake says while looking from Spear to William. ,,More would die as they fled this town for the canyon or the pass.''

,,The people will enter the canyon and live with Dante if the fear.''

Shake smiles. ,,What happened in the Blue's Canyon. And who's blue.

,,William,'' says Myst's voice nearly like a lyric of a song. The song of Reigh chimes and sing tones as she says. ''It's true. And it's not a losing of virtue.''

William and Myst stare. Wiliam's guntlet hand opens. He says, ,,It feels of deceit.''

,,Where will we sleep to night,'' says Mints. His eyes staring through circles, squares, triangles draw through mind.

Shake says before William speaks. ,,We should remain in the room this night. Leave during the morning.''

,,We,'' said William. He looks from Myst. He smiles. ''YOu coming with us?''

,,How else will I have more stories to tell the world?'' says Shake. 

Guile sniffs snott and rubs nose.

Shake inhales smell of rosemary oil and sweat, rot.

''And Guile willl help us get in the minds of the enemy.'' Shake looks at Guile. ''YOu want to come?'' He steps by Kirra and Jan.

Jan still feels as if in the void held near only by Kirra the feels the ground, the cold, the dirt and dry lips. She open her eyes.

Kirra smiles. 

Shake watches both then stands by Guile. He says loud enough for only Guile to understand. ,,What happened in the canyon?''

Spear says clasping the wood steel bracers over wrists. ,,We met a knights with kids and families. We fought a being called Blue that wanted to too kill the knight adn families.  We help create a pack between the knights and Blue to allow the knights and families to remain if the families left during Life and the soldiers server as the warriors for Blue for twenty seasons. We left agreeing to unalter the wall created by the war wizard.''

,,Wow,'' says Spear. He looks at William. ''Do you have a song?''

,,I have lyrics,'' say William.

Shake grins. ,,I sung a song to get me the job here to tale tales then helped create a play.''

Myst laughs. Her laughter causes a discord to strike the music of mind. Then the song is gone. Her hand taps drum top trying to find the beat.

''Maybe you could play guitar with my lyrices,'' says Shake.

Willaim nods. ,,Yes. If there is time after we know where we're going.''

Shake says fast, ,,We go to town and buy supplies. We stay here the night and prepare. Relax. We sleep. We leave during the morning.''

Myst taps the drum. 

Jan shivers.  

Spear stands and wears the tight blackcad hemp armor forming over the steelwood shoulder, thight, shin plates of the Rose warrior Armor and over the muscles of body. 

Shake chuckles high pitched. ,,You look like one of the actors prancing about the crowd nights ago.''

Guile smiles, and Kirra grins.

Kirra steps and walk to window and looks through.

People huddle shiver. Hundreds of puffs of breath bust and blow away. Frayed and dirty cuffs, hoods, blanket flaps with a gust. People wearing swords, hammers, shields, crossbows walk the wooden side walks. Campfire smoke bows and clouds into the shadows overall. People carry branches and chips of wood in arm. Two men carry a keg from cornor opposite the window across to under the window.  

Kirra says, ,,Where we sleep?''

Spear pulls up hide pants. ,,Behind the mound that was the wall.''

Kirra shrugs shoulders while jerking head back.

,,No,'' says Jan. 

,,Near where we slept the night before,'' says Spear.

,,I will follow the pack as long as the pack doesn't lead me near Blue,'' says Jan. She press algea cloak agains neck and head. 

The cloak forms tight around neck and head like body leaving only her face, and hands shown.

Minst looks at his spell book and watch a circle spin from the runes and flash a fireball. ,,The room. Or where the pack needs to go.''

,,The room,'' says Myst. ''One last sleep.''

William says, ,,A room. Or the hill side. I don't like the room. I don't believe it is easy to defend. There is only one door. While it is good that the stone walls will help prevent a fire, the floors and walls are wood. I do like the window placement and awing.''

Shake interrupts, ,,There is the aquiduct.'' He looks over the pack and says. ''The room. Guile? Where?''

,,I will stay in the room,'' says Guile.

Shake says, ,,Spear, Kirra would you sleep on the roof?''

Kirra shrugs shoulders while a quick jear back. 

Spear says, ,,The roof.''

,,Yes, Shake,'' says William. ''That is a good idea.'' 

Guile says, ,,I sleep while the light shines. I watch around this building during the night.'' 

Minst rubs eyes and ripples the mind's eye seeing the magic weave to splash away to threads of circles, triangles of the fireball spell. ,,An Alarm.''

,,Around the room,'' says Spear as he pulls bastard sword from his leather scabbard. 

William glimses at Spear shining bastard sword blade. ,,We should travel in a packs for if we are ambushed we will be at strength.''

,,Or packs,'' says Shake. ''The people in the bar and maybe the lead actor of the troupe, who only want to kill Guile and me, are the only people strong enough to fight.''

William says fast, ,,And there are people every where, so the goblins will probably not attack during the day.''

Shake smiles, ,,Yes.'' He smells a wiff of William's sweat, urine, rot, alcohol fumes. His body nearly convulses.

AS Spear clean sword. Myst sits next to Minst on bed spearding mud and tapping the drum top making soft heart beat.

,,Why stay night?'' says Kirra.

,,How will we know where to go?'' says Minst.

Kirra glances at Jan then looks at William. ,,Jan.''

,,There's the song of Carlos and the Illusion Tower,'' says William. ''He did say it in the valley between the canyons.''

Shake points to the ground. ,,There's this tower?'' and holds cuff smelling of mint by mouth.

,,We need food,'' says Kirra. ''Winter. Goblins. We have no food to find.''

William looks at Kirra, Jan, Shake and Guile all at once and the look at the standing. ,,I would like more information about the valley. Find Illusion Tower that Carlos spoke while following Jan.''

,,One night,'' says Shake. ''I will talk with the people.''

William smiles. ,,Is not time for story time?''

Shake grins, ,,I will tell that story.'' He feels the buzz hit a vibration that makes the world feel to fall in place as a whole. Shake feels in controll of the buzz as he says. ''Then we will walk the town for food.''

,,And money?'' says Minst.

,,I have gold earned from a nights performance.'' Shake taps hip.

William looks at Shake. ,,Gold.''

,,HOw many people had their gold stole,'' says Myst. she hits her drum flat.

,,Haven't stole since got here in town,'' Shake glances a glare at Myst and looks at William then says. ''Is my wine carafe still in the mountain.''

,,No,'' William pull pack and pack falls. ''It's..." William empties pack.

Minst turns the page of spell book and looks from the bed. ,,Are our planes to go shopping after breakfast then leave to the illision tower and or Jan's sense of source of the death of a druid?''

William pulls out Shake's bundle of items while shrugging shoulders and jerking head back.

Kirra, Jan, Shake and Spear shrug shoulders while jerking head back. 

Guile nods head forward and back.

Minst looks at Guile. ,,Is that a yes?''

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

,,The carafe.'' William holds the carafe to Shake.

Shake grabs the carafe and lifts the carafe's end and puts lips to rim. 

Wine flows to carafe rim to Shake's lips and mouth.

,,A little early,'' says Myst.

Shake lowers carafe. ,,I need to numb my sense to your stink.''

William turns face from Myst to hide the small and calm the laugh to say, ,,Shake.''

,,Say Speed,'' says Shake. He looks at William. ''People know me as Speed. And that's all they should know me.''

,,Don't expect me to change my name,'' says William. His tone flat and his flatulence. 

,,Coal did warn me of using Westmore name with the locals,'' says Shake.

William's guantlet clenches. ,,What?''

Spear looks up from blade.

Myst's mind trying to find distance from emotion for William throbing with the sound of a chuckle.

,,Ask Coal.'' Shake holds sleeve near nose, sniffs mint then grabs his bundle william hold. 

Spear lowers head and watch the wetstone slide over blade. ,,Using the Westmore name when goblins hear is bad.''

The mood feels cool. The room feels to warm.

William looks at Spear. ,,Yes.'' He looks to Shake. ''Put I will not change it.''

Shake holds his bundle of cloths wrapped and tied.

The smell of urine fumes from cloths bundle.

Shake pulls the string, and the bundle opens as Myst listens to the melody of Reighn to calm the nerves with the echoing thought of Shake and chuckle of William as Jan stands and feels a force pull to the Rise as Kirra kneels and opens pack as Spear pushes wetstone over bastard sword as a wave of William's flatulence flows over and through Guile's snotty nose. 

,,It stinks in here,'' says Guile. ''I will be by the hearth smoke.'' He walks to door then stops. He says, ''I will remain in the building and the room. I will watch for people. I would like to travel with this pack.'' He looks around room. 
\
William looks at Guile and nods. Kirra glances at Guile. Jan stares to nowhere. Spear watches blade. Myst lets the music in mind flow and shrug and jerk of head. Minst looks up at Guile and smiles. ,,Yes.''

The yes of Minst creates bliss through Guile. 

Guile says, ''I can forge for food.'' He pulls money pouch from neck of tunic. ''I have gold.''

,,Buy cloths,'' say Kirra as she unrolls the armor of the army of Blue.

,,Ask Coal,'' says Shake. ''Food, too. He knows the town. Maybe he will guide us to those with food. All these people my have ate the town away. I need cloths too. I want to keep these nice and clean. Never know when I will be in a town again.'' He raises and sniffs his cuff, smells mint.

Quiet spreads with the mint and the dirt. 

,,I will go for food near the zenith of the flame. I will find preserves. Roots.''' William looks at Guile. ''Kirra, Jand and Spear can forge. And Shake as the small game. Your abilities will help.'' William looks at all. ''Two packs. One at this hotel and gather information and one to get supplies for our journey.''

Kirra looks at william and shruggs, jerks head back. She grabs quiver and instect the arrows. ,,I will go to look for arrow heads. Herbs.'' She looks at Jan. ''Jan will remain.''

,,I will go,'' says Spear.

Minst turns page. ,,I will read.''

William looks at Myst. 

Myst sits on bed with slight stare. Her sight seeing notes. 

Shake says, ,,I will pack with William.''

William shrugs shoulders while looking at Myst. ,,Myst.''

Myst hears her name as a now repeating note in her son.

''Myst, what pack will you rome,'' says William.

The words of william become part of the chorus in mind playing around the emotion love once felt.

,,She's...'' Shake lets voice stop.

,,Myst,'' says William. He feels burn from mind clench fists. ''Myst.''

,,William,'' says Spear.

The song in Myst's mind. ,,What!'' she says. 

William says, ,,What pack do want to roam?''

,,The one I choose when there are two.'' 

Myst and William stare.

Minst looks from look to William.

Guile feels the rages, worry, fear, hope love. He opens door and leaves to the stairs and the sage and woods somke filling the large room below.

Everyone looks at William or Myst or both, but Jan.

Jan stands and feels more of the energy flow in the streads through the stone and earth. She doesn't feel the tension in the room nor hear the silence. Shhe doesn't then hear Shake.

Shake says, ,,What do you think of Guile?''

The question's answer of silence hangs like a question rune.

Myst says, ,,He's weird.''

Shake looks at Myst. ,,He is.''

Minst looks from page. ,,Is that Hern's son?''

,,Yes,'' says Shake.

,,He helped you escape,'' says William.

,,Yes,'' Shake smiles. ''He was the guide?''

,,And where did you go?'' says Minst looking up from book and holding glare at Shake. Flashes and pulses and lines draw and begin to create relief art around Shake as shake speaks.

Shake says, ,,We left through what he said was his parents' farm. We climbed down the moutain then ran Wane along a trail at the edge of the cliff.'' He looks at William and opens eyes wide. 

The buzz in Shake feels to be in everyone. They all with glances, slowing movements, watching show Shake an audience with the buzz. 


Shake says, ''I stool woolsheet froma  mountain giant, and  Guile made it fall to knee and lose mind with a thought. We ran down giant steps and hide from the mountain giant.'' Shake stops and feels Kirra stare at him.

Kirra looks at him. Guile feels Kirra's tension.

Shake says., ''Guile walked down an invisible stare case while I climbed down a sheerwall.'' Shake steps back to widen his span of the crowd. ''We foreged for seeds during the colde and ate while we used the wool sheet to keep warm. Through the fire light the group of people came. We were offered a fire, but I felt it wouldn't have been friendly. So the actors left then we robbed them leaving free with a horse named Kicker only to be chased and offered fake money to kill the leader of the theivs guild. WE left with Kicker and found food days later with a family who may have been an illusion. Then to Lyno we came. We slept in a stall on hay. We then sang our way to town during the morning and found this place and employments. I played the crowd. And Guile may have heard goblins while pooping outside. Then the actors troupe came to town with the Jaxel singing the lead. So I sang my song again and made the crowds sway and share. With Guile controlling Jaxel's body, we sung a song to sway the hate of the crowd to be on the leader of the theives guild. We lived the night and for a day a felt the buzz and the glow. Only to wake and be shown my friends have returned.''

,,Are you the reason the giant attacked and nearly killed Kirra?'' says Minst.

Shake feels the buzz consume the room. It feels to burn cold from Kirra. ,,Yes,'' he says. He looks at Kirra and says, ''What happened to you?''

,,A stone giant fist punched mountain and threw rocks to destory ledge. Talons of a giant eagle slammed Spear against the mountain.'' Her face relaxes.

,,I wonder why Hern didn't warn you about the mountian giant,'' says Shake. He wrinkles brow and stares with Kirra. ''Hern chased us to the mountain giants sheep. And they're friends. Guile use to work and be friends with him.'' He lifts sleeve by nose and smells mint. ''I need to get rid of these old rotten cloths.'' He looks at William. ''Thank you for bring this.''

Kirra checks her pack for wet, for the cavern algea and slime, for spills while Jan slows to a sit.

Jan sits feeling her body come to be. She feels be butt rub soft against the algea and fungi. She grabs her staff and says. ,,I will be on the roof.'' She looks at Kirra. Kirra looks at Jan and smells the sweatness from her robe and her sweat and feels the sweal of force. Kirra smiles without looking at Jan. Jan stands with pack and staff and says, ,,Shake, are there stairs to the roof.'' 

Shake grabs his stinky bundle and says, ,,We can go look. I need to go down for a story.''

,,I will come with you,'' says William. 

Spear looks at William. ,,Yes. I need out of this room.''

William smiles. ,,You will sharpen your sword away.''

Kirra grabs pack, quiver and blow and steps after Jan.

Spear wraps wetstone, sheaths swords, ties over back, grabs the Warhammer of the Rose Pack Warriors then slides the handle through a loop in leather belt around waist. 

,,Are you ready,'' winks Shake.

Spear shrugs.

Shake opens door.

William says, ,,Minst...Myst, will you be joining out journey.''

Minst says, ,,No.'' He looks at spell book.

Myst closes eyes, lays back on bed and taps her drum.

Spear, Kirra, Jan step through door. William stands and looks at Myst.

,,Myst isn't coming,'' says Shake with loud talk. 

William glares at Shake as he walks through door. 

The door shuts after Shake steps through.

William stands by door as Shake walks and William stands trying to feel through the door. 

Through the door and on the bed, Myst taps top of drum and hums tones with a percussive shut of door playing a beat. With William's voice singing the song of Shake's lyrics. 

Minst reads his spell book and looks at components on bed.

Through the door William stands then steps after Shake as the pack walks around corner.

Shake steps from the door and around the corneer of a short hall that ends after a step. The step leads to a spiral stair case that goes round. ,,I heard the day before when sitting in the balcony.'' He walks spirals steps. ''The other side of the wall is where Spear was sitting. I haven't been up.''

Darkeness coveres. The steps echo.

Shake rubs finger in bundle, as he draws a flame in the dark the same instance he snaps finger and says, ,,Grialn.''

A flame the size of his thumb nail burns from tip of thumb.

The staircase illuminates...

William says, ,,You are full of suprises my friends.''

The walls of the stare case illuminate reliefs of dwarves wearing armor and holding axe and hammer like the stairs case statues in Rose Entrance.

,,Hern,'' says Shake. ''I was able to flick the flame two night ago.''

,,Another magic caster,'' says Spear.

Shake steps. ,,Simple cantrip.''

William steps following Shake's small light. ,,Do you have any more tricks to show your audience?''

,,No,'' Shake steps and ooks over the reliefs. 

The staircase spirals from wood to stone to a wall of wood with no hinges, hands or creases.

The stone walls etch images of trees and moutnainss. 

,,Climbing out window easier,'' says Kirra.

Shake knocks over the wood wall and feels the cold. He presses ear against then creates a spiral starecase in mind. Before he can say it is a wall Kirra says, ''Wall leads to ground.''

,,The hammers.'' Shake steps and squeezes past Spear and Kirra and presses the on the hammar of the relief dwarf.

The dwarparts with a creek. BRight light shines through.

The finger on Shake's finger flickers and fades.

''Outside,'' says Shake.

They step onto the cold, the blue sky an the roof.

The roof spans flot along waist hall walls. At each ofthe four corners two wide round pillers rise twice as tall as Shake. Three benches span end to end along the center. The surface of the roof tinny pebbles from corner to corner. The roof slangs slight SetWax to the stone supports. The far SetWax has three stone supports rising from the roof the aquiduct that passes above the roof. Ice covers hangs from the aquiducts.

Roofs span to roof to roofs higher and lower until the trees and fields span through the valley.

Mountains loom to the sky.

,,The roof,'' says Shake.

,,It is close to the room,'' says William looking back through the door.

Shake ,,I have a story to tell.'' He pauses by door. ''If you are found, tell them you're with me. Speed.''

Jan nods. She sits then lays on the white rock.

Shake, Kirra, William, Spear stand and watch. Only William shivers slight. Other's stand and watch until Shake steps and opens door. 

The walk down the stairs and to the stairs down to the poker tables, the bar, the hearth, the benches. 

William says, ,,We should see if Myst and Minst want to come.''

,,They don't,'' says Shake loud.

Shake leads and walks to the hearth. William and Spear stand between the hearth and the bar. 

Kirra walks and sits at bar with back to wall and side to poker tables. Her bow pokes some one passing. She stares her the man with shaved head. 

He peers and stares.

Kirra stares until the bald man looks away. Then she stares everywhere with the focus William, Spear and Shake. 

Shake walk to the hearth where Coal talks to one of the two men who had accosted Shake as he first rode by. He walks to Coal. 

Coal says, ,,SPEED. ANOTHER STORY,'' very loud, but not a shout. 

,,A friend sleeps on the roof,'' says Shake only for Coal. 

Coal nods. 

And Shake loud talks. ''And another story of Branching.'' Shake steps back and glance at William and Spear. ''A story of Spear breaking the spell of Branching and finding self behind a waterfall that only leads to more goblins.''

William slaps Spear's back and laughs.

People watch Shake.

Kirra follows the people.

Shake tells the story of Spear and Branching. The crowd laughs. The crowd cheers at the end. Many cheer for another while pounding fist and mug against the table.

The sound of the pound vibrates the foors above. 

Minst and Myst hear the pounds. 

Minst says looking from spell book, ,,What's that sound?''

,,Fist's pound,'' says Myst. She stops the beat on her drum.

Jan doesn't hear the pounding the table. She hears only the wind, the people chatter, the ice freeze. The sun shines above illuminating sky blue as she lay feeling what she feels on skin and see in the sky.

<Jan,> Guile reads from Kirra's thoughts.

The sounds of cheer calms, and Shake steps from hearth.

Guile smiles and hears the sounds of William's, Spear's and Kirra's thoughts.

Guile reads from mind words that defined the tale to be true.

The rapping on top of table calms.

A short stocky warrior with a cap helmet and braids to waist says with high tone and soft girl voice says to Shake, ,,The black clad beings sound a lot like the actors last night. Are we to worry Brnaching is attacking Coal's?''

Shake steps to table bench seat and stands above. ,,If Branching wanted Coal's then you would not know.''

The stocky warrior raises a mug. ,,Speed!''

Most along the full tables and around the hearth raise a mug or glass toward shake then they drink.

Shake walks to Spear and William.

,,Good tale,'' says Spear.

,,Shake!'' says William. ''I will never be the bard you have become.''

,,Speed,'' says Iza. Iza steps and squeeze between big and small smelly people sharing stories. ''Speed.''

Shake looks from a smiling William at Iza. ,,Coal sent for me to guide you to shop.''





