Thick rope sewn nets stretch and constrict. Kirra, Jan and Spear spin in net hanging high above the ground. Minst pulls and push at a net ravelled and constricted around arms, legs and body. William and Myst lay on the ground tangled in rope and brush.

Humiond shilouttes stand from brush, from tree trunks, from the branches. The humaniods raise arms and hands contast against the dusk light making shapes and lines while moving soundlessly around the struggling and carping campainions in nets.  

Hooves click and loud whinney peaks and flows to nickers and clomps of hooves.

William bends knees trying to stand, shouting, ,,BUCKEY!"

Buckey blusters above.

Shades move around William. One hits a staff to his back knocking him to the ground.

Spear graps strans of net and lets a raor.

The nets snaps. The net loosens. The net opens.

Spear, Kirra and Jan fall to the ground. Kirra falls on Jan. Spear hits ground and rolls, stands and leaps to a shade. 

Two nets fall around spear and pull him to ground. Two nets overs Kirra and Jan. Staff weilding shades stand around Kirra and Jan, and hit Spears back and head bounding him to the gound. 

Buckey cries a whinney and then snorts.  

More shades slide from rope to ground. The shades point, jerk, wave and lift arm between each other. They raise staves above the nets and  slide staves through nets. 

William shift and shakes and the net tightens.

Myst grunts, ,,Don't move."

The shades lift the staves woven through nets and hold them hight above. Then wrap ropes hanging from trees aournd the staves. A shade makes a bird call, and the hangings staves and nets raise from the ground. 

William twists and turns in net. His mouth by Mysts ears he whispers. ,,Can Rieghn help?"

Myst whispers back, ,,Reighn says to be calm and quiet and the way will be."

Jan pulls a dagger from Kirra's belt and sides the dagger to Kirra's hand better them. 

Minst sits on bottom of net unhooking pouches from belt and puts them in the sack.

Spear shakes and shifts, grabs rope of net and tries to pull but arms and remain fast to side of body. 

The nets raise into the tree tops. They pass oak and pine branch cut and pulled creating a shaft in the tree limbs. They enter through and into circular holes of shining yellow light and rise into it.

The nets raise through light holds into a dark room with beams of light shining the nets. Below platforms slide over the circular holds. 

A loud long and whinney fills the room. Hooves clomps and a series of snickers settle to silencs.

The companions hang in the nets slowly twisting round and round.

Spear shakes arm and pushes arm through net. 

Minst looks into the darkness seeing tall and short humiods stand around the nets holding swords and knifes. He grabes a samll component bag, says, ,,We are not alone."

Lanterns hanging on walls glow at once illuminated. 

Two haflings, an elf, two half-elves, three humans, two dwarves and an Ogre. Their swords and darker grip in hands. Patched leather pants, worn shrits and jackets caste a color specrtrum of bright purple and brown cloths. Their boots and shoes full of holes and strapped with leather twine. The ogres pare feet hair and snarled with crooked claws. The weapons shine in the flame light as they stand around the nets starring as the nets slowly spin.

Behind the horse stand a horse in a cage.

,,BUCKEY!" shouts William.

Buckey lets sound a loud whinney flowing to another softer whinney. Buckey and William make eye contact. Buckey lets a couple of nickers out, nods head up and raise hooves off then ground then back down.

William smiles and reaches to the cage. 

The ogre swings a staff hitting Williams hand. 

Buckey shouts a whinney, raises front hooves, and kicks the cage.

A thick wooden bar of cage snaps another bends the shakes.

The ogre clears through with low grumble then lets out a snort blowing bits of snot from nose to flow. It points to Minst.

Two humans and a dwarf stand around Minst. A human walks to the wall and unties a rope tied around a branch. 

Minst falls to the floor. 

The dwarf stuffs a rag in Minst's mouth. The humans grab and ties Minst's hands. Then put a hood over head, slams a staff behind the knees and drags minst to the corner finishing the bind by tieing and arms and legs to a staff.

Spear staps a stran of the net.

Spear's net falls to the ground. And a group stand around hitting spears upon his back and head snapping stick sharp agains the skull and spin. 

William struggles hitting Myst in the head, ,,COWARDS!" He shouts.

Buckey bucks and lets piercing whinney follow the snap of two wooden bars.

The ogre begins to chant while Spear is bound head to toe to two poles. 

Blood runs from Spears head and nose. His body limbly obeys to the tieing and binding of body to staffs. A soft moan escapes. His eyes open to thin slits.

The ogre spreads arms in an arch from center of air leaving a trail of whilte power. 

The clomp of Buckey's hoofs silences. The shaking and shifting sounds of William fades. William opens mouth and screams, but no sounds fills the room hears.

The ogre smiles and opens mouth letting laughing without sound. The ogre steps to William. It's green flesh and pointed teeth grin. It points to Kirra and Jan. 

Kirra and Jan fall to the floor. Kirra rolls from the net cutting loose. She swings knife stapping and sticking foot to wooden floor. She slash the achillies tendon of another human.

Two people scream soundless cries. Their faces strain to release only expression as they reach and fall to the floor. 

Kirra pulls knife from floor and foot, rolls away from a sword and staff swung down to floor, stands in corner and slides shortsword from shaft standing with blades drawn and pointed. 

Jan stand in center of room. Her arms spread and held by two half-elvens. Her mouth stuffed with cloth. Her head drawn back and neck bare to a blade resting against the throat.

The ogre raises an open palm and slowly pivots head side to side. 

Kirra throws down her blades. Her and Jan are tackled, tied to poles and thown by Spear and Minst. 

A half-elf drags the two wounded men to the side and bindds their wounds.

The ogre points at William and Myst hanging in net then points to Kirra, Jan, Minst and Spear.

The last net is lowered to the ground. Four stand around as two pull tight the net and wrap and tie its ends arond four poles.

Two more ogres and three humans and one dwarf enter. One orgre pulls the two wounded humasn over shoulder. The remiander lift the staffs and put hoods over heads and a blonket over Myst and William.

William watches as a silent Buckey kicks and whinneys in silence.  

Kirra, Jan, Spear, Minst, Myst and William hang and sway. Then hand and sway with soft foot steps. Only the heavy breathing is heard by the companions.

Joints and shoulders and back pull and strain. Their bodies bounch. The cotton backs trap the sight and heat. Their bodies slant and pulls down then level out.

They sway and shake and bounce then they are still.

Boots shuffle and step soft steps away then are silent.

Time passes and heat under blanket and mask forms beads of sweat on foreheard. Small itches speck face and body as drips slid down face and body. They hang.

,,WHO'S THERE," says Shake loud.

,,Shake," says Willliam.

A staff hints the blanket covering William and Myst hitting
Myst. A staff raps Shake.

,,No talkig," says a gruff rough voice.  

Time pases. Blood and sweat pours from flesh. The limbs grow sore then numb. 

Boots and shoes softly step to and away from the wrapped and shrouded. As each begins to slip to sleep, a the voice of the ogre mage is heard.

,,If you move or attach or resist you will be punished. If you call out you will be silenced," says the ogre.

The hoods and blanket are then pulled from the group.

A wide room is revealed. Dim lanterns hang from a low ceiling. The walls and floor are covered with large bankets. Two rows of poles with v's attached to the top form a colum long the wall. A pair of pole support the staff and staves holding KIrra, Jam, Shake, William and Myst, Minst and Shake. A man and woman dressed in similar black body suits stand against the wall holding staves.   

,,Coward," says William, "I'll show you."

Myst is hit upon the head with a staff.

,,No you won't," says the ogre. He walks to will stepping his fat feet soft over the blanket covered floor. "You will do as I say, or you will not go free."

,,Free," says Shake.

,,Yes," says the Ogre, "Yes, you will be freed." He walks to Spear and looks at Spears bloody face. "Some one has bought your freedom. And," The ogre walks the column of haing people and to William and Myst. He crouches with a grunt then pushing big green fingers through Mysts hair, "And said this one can heal the two cut and stabbed by the fisty human female."

William begins to say, ,,Don't touch,"

,,I'll do it," say Myst.

William inhales and exhales and says slow and steady, ,,And Buckey. The horse."

,,Yes, the horse," The ogre laughs, "The horse will be freed. No longer while it be dinner."

William relaxes.

The ogre mage walks along the column of poles. ,,Your weapons will be taken with you items and stored, given back when you leave. Then you will be taken to your new owner." It walks to the wide door of the room. It stops in the threshold, turns and says, "Plesae don't do anything brave." He points to the two black clad beings against the wall. "Follow these two. And once the two wounded are healed you will be shown the way out." 

The ogre leaves the room and enters the darkness beyond.

Two ogres and a dwarf enter. One ogre pulls a cart. One ogre stands by the door. The dwarf follows the cart.

,,Is this a beginning of a joke," says Shake.

One by one the Ogre and dwarf remove bags, sacks, daggers, belts, knives, bows and arrows from Kirra, Jan, Shake, Myst, William, Spear. The items are stacked on the cart then wheeled out and away. One ogre remains and stands and stares. Then six hunoinds covered head to toe in black wrap silently enter. Each stand by a pair of pole. In unison the pull out daggers and cut the ropes.

Those hanging fall to the gound makes a soft thud. 

The six black clad beings stand still against the wall.

Spear groans and rolls over on side. 

William crawls over to Spear. 

Spears face is covered with blood. A small cut in head is clotted. The right side of face is swollen and dark. Red welts cover back.    

Shake throws of ropes and leaps to feet. He leaps at a black clad being. Kirra reaches for Shake, but misses. Shake flies to black clad being and hits wall, bouces off and falls to floor making a soft thump. The black glad being stands by head and laughs.

Myst stands, rubs wrist and walks to Spear. She kneels and says to William, ,,Riegn can't heal him." She raises an arm and rips a wet, dirt stained sleeve from shirt. "He doesn't want it." She takes the sleeve and wraps it around Spear's head. "We need some clean cloth." She rips the other sleeve from shirt and wipes blood from Spears head. She looks up at a black clad being, "Can I have some water?"

Jan stretches and rubs neck and wrists. She sits lotus and closes eyes, humms.
 
Minst stands and walks to William, ,,What do we do?"

William looks up from Spear, ,,We leave here together."

Shake jumps to a stand, peers at the evading black glad being while walking to the exit door.

Spear moans. His eyelids open to small slits. 

,,Spear," says Wiliam.

Spear shakes head.

Kirra walks to the exit and Shake saying, ,,We should leave this room before some one changes their mind and tie us back up."

,,Yes," sighs William. He looks at Spear, "I am sorry my friend."

Minst, Myst and William lift Spear from floor. The each let a short Minst and William throw an arm of Spear over shoulders and around neck. They follow Myst to the door. 

Jan stands and follows. 

,,There's a magic force around the door," says Minst.

,,Yes," says Myst.

The black clad beings walk from wall. Three talk before the door.Three stand behind. 

A shimmer flows and fades over the door. 

Three black clad being lead Shake, Kirra, William, Spear, Minst, Myst and Jan through a hall. Dim light from small glowing balls of light illuminate woven cotton blankets covering ceiling, floor and walls. 

Foot falls land soft and soundless upon the flow. William and Myst feel a slight bend and boucnce of floor.

Jan looks behind beyond the three black clad beings. 

The small glowing balls fade to darkness leaving onlydarkness in their walking wake.

They walk in silence. 

They walk up a stairs, turn right at a T sections then walk a long hall. The walk over square sections of floor with a bare wooden floor.

Spear raises head and flexes arms. He kicks feet and begins to slide the feet across floor. ,,I." He looks at William the Minst. "I can maybe." Spear looks around, "Where we at."

,,I don't know," says William.

,,I can walk," says Spear.

,,How much longer," says Willliam aloud looking at the black of the black clad beings walking infornt.

Shake looks at William then says, ,,Hey, awe." He reaches and nudges shoulder of one of the black clad beings. "William asked you a question." 

A voice comes from one of three, ,,You will know when we arrive."

Spear slides feet and moves legs. 

The long hall comes to an end. 

The companions and black clad beings step from the thick woven cotten floor to a wooden floor. The three rear black clad behinds nudge Jan and step to the wooden floor.

Myst rest hand on Kirra's shoulder and pivots head side to side. 

Kirra's flexed arm's relax. 

A black clad being reaches between the handing wall cover and pulls out a robe. It pulls the rope. 

A bell rings.

The floor rises through the ceiling lifing the passengers into A box room with double doors behind and in front. Two black clad beings stand before two of the wooden double doors. One of the black clad being on the raised platform raises hands shakes open palms. Both black clad people before the double doors nod then reach or rose addorned door handle and pull. 

Silk rugs of blue, red and yellow lay beneath oak and stone chairs and tables and ceramic vases addorned with shining stones. A marble statue of a mintar wielding an axe rests in center. All is surrouded in bright white walls and paintings of landscaples of dragons and castles, a large tapestry of an epic battle. All is topped with an arched roof hanging a glimmering chandler illuminating the room with hundreds of candle lights. 

Two people laugh at the far end of the room. The ogre mage sits on a stool before a chair with back turned to the companions.

The companions standed at the doors threshold staring at the glimmers and shines of the room.

,,This is..." Shake steps over to the room flanked by two black clad beings.

,,Shake," says Myst. 

Kirra walks wide stride to Shake's side. William and Minst drag Spear to a white leather sofa and lays him on top.

The ogre mage stands from the seat and quick walks around a table, a desk a billards table and some chairs around a podium. ,,You can't."

The companions group around Spear.

The orge huffs and snorts, points at Spear, ,,You-" It pivots head side to side. It's loud scratching voice fills the room, "HAVE YOU ANY MORE MONEY, CARLOS?"


