,,You fight for life,'' says John the Goblinkin. He sniffs and licks lips and teeth. ''You fight for food.'' He glances up and nods grean head at William. ''You fight to rise to become gladiators.'' John of the Goblinkin swatch hand before Kirra and makes a fist. ''You will eat what you want. You will sex what you want. You will be what you want.'' He slams fist into the palm and cackle laughs. ''You fight.'' He point at Myst. ''You protect and heel and please the warrior.'' John of the Goblinkin grins and steps back and looks at William.. ''You may be that warrior. You still white shirts.''

William steps, and Kirra steps back. Both stare at John of the Goblinkin as the four squares soldiers step steps before.

John of the Goblinkin clicks and clacks.

The soldiers of red and black stap short swords to small shields.

John stands behind.

White sheets around rub eyes and yawn, stand. A few walk behind John of the Goblinkin nodding. Jo steps from whites shirts standing, watching, stepping.

Jo pushes from white sheets and steps to cell.

John glances at Jo then looks at Kirra and William. ,,You go.''

Soldiers hit short swords on shield.

Myst pushes on William's back and sings a tone and sings only to William. ,,Go sooth the miind with fight as I will be with Rieghn.''

And as the words are heard by William, William's thoughts of rage and standing still like a bars for the cage around Myst open and releaze from the mucsle.

William steps and nudges Kirra.

Kirra steps with William and from William. She peers everywhere.

Soldiers stand.

John steps and grabs the hild of his daggers, ,,YOU MOVE.'' He steps at a wall of whites sheets standing and starring.

Some of the white sheets step a path for John. Other white sheets push forward. An id in pushes near the open space.

John clicks and clicks, steps, pulls daggers.

A white sheet path leads to the wall of darkness.

Kirra and William step toward the soldiers.

the soldiers steps from the path and behind Kirra and William.

Kirra leads William after john and twoard teh wall of darkness.

The song of Myst of Reighn sings in Williams' mind like soft gusts of wind blowing loose the rage and muscles.

Mysts sits and sings.

A few white sheets grin their dirty lips and show their black and chipped teeth. A giggle leads theirs step.

Jo stesp behind the soldiers as the soldiers step after Kirra.

The soldiers push Kirra as she looks back and follows Williams step after John.

William follows the song along in the the wall of darkness after John.

Kirra looks back and sees Jo step into the cell with Myst then Kirra steps intot he wall of darkness

In the darkness, Kirra hears the foot steps of soldiers join their walk, the breath of beings.

William hears the song of Myst sing in mind and play him fort.

Bright light shines.

Mud and blood stand glass halls span to their Wax and Wane forward.

John leads foward down a hall two wagons wide. white sheets lead by soldiers walk past. Warriors wearing leather and and chain armor stand and glance as the soldier's pass.

Dirt spreads over the ground, mud and thin puddles of piss. 

The hall become a T. 

John Leads to the Wax. To the Wax the follow forward.

Halls span to the wane to bright lights and sihlouettes walking through halls.

White sheets stand with backs to wall and soldiers before. 

Warriors wearing armor and helms stand in pairs and groups and glance as the soldiers, John walk past.

Soldiers cick and clack.

And Kirra hears talk of fights and death and money. A bet of which two willlive is place.

William hears only the thump of Myst's song of Reighn pounding with heart.

,,Where go,'' says Kirra.

John marches on.

A cheer sounds through the hall.

William's Song of Myst beats away. He blinks and feels his step. He peers along a bright ahll. ,,WHERE WE GO?''

His words talk with the muttering adn clickings of warriors around. Some one laughs. ,,WHITE SHEET.''

John steps to their Wane  into a bright hall. 

The white sheets against the walls stare. Their face brusied and bloody. Bandages wrap around heads and arms.

john leads the group down the wide hall then truns to the wax and along a holl only three soldiers wide.

Twelve soldiers spread and stand in the wide hall as two before Willam and Kirra and two behind march with John.

,,Where do we go?'' says Willima as he finds his voice through the music.

John marches into the bright light. He clicks and clacks and snaps

People wearing blouses, plants, robes of fine velvet step side.

The hall narrows, and John of the Goblinkin stops and stands. 

The soldiers stop. 

William and Kirra stop.

A hugobolin a head taller than john wearing yellow leather shirt and a bronze helmet grabs John's shoulders. John and the yellow shirted hugoblins click and clack.

A loud cheer rages through teh hallds. A few sihllouettes cross before the sight of Kirra and William.

,,Where are we?'' says William. ''Last my mind remembers is being guided from Myst with the poewr of her heart and now we stand here.''

,,We fight,'' says Kirra.

A roar of a crowd burst through the Kirra's words. The roar becomes a chant of ,,KILL, KILL, KILL...''

John slaps hand on shoulder of Yellow shirted hugoblins, and the hugoblin steps aside.

John clicks and clacks, and the soldiers step from before Kirra and William. ,,YOU WILL FIGHT. YOU WILL LIVE OR DIE. IF YOU LIVE YOU WILL RETURN TO CAGE. IF YOU DIE YOU WILL BE REPLACED.''

William steps toward John, and Kirra grabs his shoulders. The grasp of Kirra holds William's mouth and tongue.

The chant of Kill become a roar. The roar quiets.

John looks at William, steps and walks into the light.

The light spans around. Light pulses bright and dim through bleechers of glass rising from a flat pit of sand sunk into ground. Hugoblins, hobgoblins, gnomes and humans sit hunched on bleechers here and there. A few few there pass shining coins and point toward the pit in the middle of the bleechers. Pairs and groups here and there point and talk surface talk, write on rolls of pachement.

Eyes and finger point to the sand pit in center and a bodie.

The body of a half-giant lay. Its thick braids lay over the blood sand. 

John clicks and clacks with an elf wearing white leather armor with copper studs. The elf and John talk and point.

John says loud and points tip of Jewelled dagger at William. ,,YOU MOVE LOOOM.'' He flicks dagger at the half-giant.

,,We get,'' says Kirra as she steps and grabs a leg. 

,,For Myst and Rieghn,'' says William.

Kirra and William pull the half giant from the sand and into the hall. 

A couple of people sitting on the bleechers stand, walk the steps, spit on the half-giant and walk away. A few people walk into the hall and sit on bleeches. Two eat brown root wrapped with a large leaf. 

The half-giants foot thumps against the glass as they are dropped by Kirra and Willaim.

John of the Goblinkin steps before and points with Jewelled Dagger at the pit. ,,You stand. Two white sheets come. You fight.''

A three armed id and a dwarf with swollen nose and scratched face step from anohter lighted hole. 

A fat human man wearing long purple robes claps says, ,,TROOOL.''

The three armed id raises his only top arm raising height to nearly twice of Willaim.

John waves tip of Jewel;ed dagger. ,,You fight.''

William and Kirra look at the other.

The id and the dwarf step to sand.

William and Kirra rush, leap, punch and kick. 

William's sheet covered guantlet slams fist of id. His shoulder slams its chest. They fall back. 

The dwarf swing fist hitting Kirra as she spins an ducks to sweep legs. In stread she stumbles back. 

The swollen nose dwarf says in surface talk. ,,You time.'' His punch hits Kirra's shoulder.
   
Kirra falls and rolls to back and kicks up. Her foot kicks crotch of dwarf. And other foot smacks against the dwarfs knee.

The dwar shouts and falls upon Kirra.

As the dwarf falls, a blue big fist slams William's jaw. Big blue hand grabs William's neck chokes.

William gags and flails feet as the id lift him with two hands from the ground. The third hand punchs William's face.

William slams guantlet hand against a wrist and punches with the other. 

A crack snaps, and a scream like that of a bird breaks sound. 

The ids wrist bends, and hands release William.

Kirra holds wrists of dwarf and slams knee into the dwarfs kidney.

Stubby dwarf fingers reach for Kirra's eyes. He clenches jaw, grunts and gurmble. ,,You. Hit. Now. I. Hit.''

Kirra rolls the dwarf and throws it agains the id and rolls the other way to a stand. 

The id hits the dwarf aside as Kirra kicks its head.

The id slam blue fist agains William's face and swats asid the dwar. 

William trashes and kicks shin and foot against the croch of the blue id. He twists and spins and rolls from the grasp of two hands.

The id punches, slaps William's side. 

William crawls and kneels to feet.

The id's two arms reach around Williamd grab William around the chest and squeezes and lift and shake. 

William gags and slams back of head agast chest of id and kicks heels agast the id's legs. Foot hits thigh, and id buckles and shakes.

As Willima shakes, Kirra kicks the dwarf in the face once, twice, three times then steps on the dwarfs back and leaps at the id. She hits the id and grabs its broken wrist. 

The id kicks will and punches Kirra.

The big blue foot hits William chest. A rip cracks. William coughs blood and rolls to side, slowly stand.

The id swings wide of Kirra, grabs her, throws her from the pit. 

Kirra lands on glass floor and slides to bleacher base. Four goblins stand and jump from her path.

,,YOU STAY,'' hollers John as he walks around the round sand pit looking from William to Kirra to Willliam.

William coughs blood and kicks out feet of id. 

Id growns and falls.

Kirra stands slow.

A four square of soldiers step before Kirra. 
 
John pushes the soldiers back and steps to Kirrra, lifts tip of Jewelled Dagger. ,,YOU STAND.''

Kirra swings. 

John duck. 

Four soldiers rush kirra and slam her against the bleachers as she kicks and bites then settles to see William.

William doubles fists stands, swings and slams the knee of the id as the id's sweeps foot over sand hitting William.

Willim stumple.

Kirra pushes. 

,,You calm,'' says Kirra. ''You and he die.'' He stand to the edge of the sand pit.

Kirra watchs blood drip from William lips.

William breathes pain and spits blood. He slowly rises from knees.

The id rolls back and foth like a tipping boat. A wheese and squeak breath from mouth.

The dwarf lays still over the sand.

Id arm swings from ground and swings wide from William.

William kicks coughs. Blood falls from lip.

He steps dragging foot through sand. He kicks the head if the id. 

The id rolls to side, grabs, William's ankle.

William flops to sand, hit side and shouts a blood gurgle and he kicks and kicks the id's head until spasm spread thorugh body.

Blood spray from his mouth. 

William lays on the grounds.

John of the Goblinkin clicks and clacks. ,,You good. YOu live. You get fight to go up.''

The four soldiers release Kirra.

Wliliam's white sheet bleeds red.

Kirra hears the command to move William or leave him for food. Kirra grabs William, says, ,,Myst's heal.''

