,,Will the bread desert keep?'' says Minst. ''I have had too much wine.''

,,Wine,'' says Myst. ''She drinks from the carrafe.''

,,Water,'' says William.

Guile grabs a bread ball and bites and chews. He says with full mouth, ,,Water.''

Kirra drops back to ground. She shuffles through bag and grabs her father's goblet. She pulls it from pack. ,,Water. A keg of water.''

,,Water,'' says Spear.

Kirra gives Spear the beer stine filled with a keg of water. 

Spear grabs Kirra's Beer Stine, ,,The word.''

Kirra says, ,,<THE MAGIC WORD FOR KIRRA's MUG.>''

,,<THE MAGIC WORD FOR KIRRA's MUG.>''

The mug fills with water.

Spear drinks. 

Kirra says, ,,Wine.''

Myst gives the flask to Kirra, and Kirra drinks.

,,What do we need?'' says Minst.

,,Waterskins. Components. Herps. Dried meat,'' says William.

Spear swallows cup a water and gasps, ,,There will be little to scavange.''

,,Take their food,'' says Shake. ''Eat goblin.''

Spear smiles, says, ,,<THE MAGIC WORD FOR KIRRA's MUG.>'' He drinks from mug.

Kirra nods.

Jan nods. 

,,Are you thinking of a play?'' says Minst.

,,No,'' says Shake. ''I am thinking of a story to tell. One that would be better real.'' He looks at Minst. ''It's meat. It's not human.'' He pauses then says. ''Or elven, dwarven or kindern.''

,,Their skin is green,'' says Guile after he swallows.

,,So are some woodland elves,'' says Myst.

,,I'll make a food paste,'' says Jan. ''The food is for function not flavor. The food is heavy.''

Kicker blusters and stomps. 

,,Kicker can carry supplies,'' says Shake.

Spear looks at Kicker. ,,Can you be quiet?''

Kicker nods.

,,Kicker will be pleasing.''

,,Maybe we can go Wax?'' says Minst.

,,The tower near the desert,'' says William.

,,Why?'' says Minst.

,,The tower where some stories and legend have as the furthest post of our empire. It was the known location of my great grand father. My grand father was married to may grand father, and she may have had an affair with Carlos the Barded Dwarf.''

,,And what will we find in the tower?'' says Minst.

,,The Small Shield,'' says Shake.

,,Then?'' says Minst.

William peers at Minst. ,,We inspire the people to kill every green skinned goblin, and lead the army with the small shield into their hives or breading grounds.''

,,Yes,'' says Shake. 

Spear finsihes drinking and gives the mug to Kirra while looking at William. ,,We go for adventure.''

Kirra looks at Jan.

Jan says, ,,There needs to be balance. Or all will die. There is balance where there is nothing. And nothingis in the desert.''

,,I go for the song sings,'' says Myst. ''If only others would sing.'' She looks at William.

William pumps a fist with guantlet hand not seeing her glance then stare.

William looks at Guile.

Guile chews and chews and eats and feels boy warm. he feels the bone around sprain vibrate with muscle the feels the pain fade to a light dull ache. he listen to the group talk then says after William's look. ,,I will travel Wax. I will also journey into a goblins horde.'' He grins. He looks at Myst. ''You're people can cook a meal and create a good component for a mystic ritual.''

Myst looks at Guile and almost stares. ,,Reighn makes music with food.'' She grabs the mug from Spear's hand, says, ,,We should go buy what we need for the journey.'' Myst steps from the mound.

,,Yes,'' says William. He looks from Kirra, Jan, Minst, Shake, Guile, Spear then Myst. ''Agreed.''

Kicker nods. And Guide stands at the edge of the mound.

Myst looks at Guide.

And Guide stands and watches the through the trees. 

Guide walks to mound and to Spear, says, ,,You called me to deliver a message. I will protect our home while I wait for the message to deliver.''

Myst steps into the marsh toward the camps. Spear steps after Myst.

Minst looks at Guide and Kicker. He follows Myst. He says, ,,What are we getting.''

,,Food,'' says William. He looks at Kicker. ,,Are you coming?'' 

Kicker nods. 

William looks at Shake.

Shake shrugs and jerks head back. 

Kicker and Shake walk with William. 

Guile limps and follows the butt of Kicker. His food feel healed as he swallows the last of the ball of Reighn Bread, but limps. He holds the wool sheet and the Woven Reighn Coat over shouders. His knife grapsed in hand. 

Kicker stops and looks back.

Kicker whipes her tail from ground to back then at Guile and to to back.

Guiles snort and sniffs and almost coughs from snott dripping to throat. He swallows and throws wool sheet on Kickers back then limb and forces a struggle to horse. 

William stops, says, ,,Wait, Guile. I will help lift you to Kicker's back.'' William lowers and created a foot stop with fingers of hands. 

Guile steps and is tossed onto horse.

,,You are kind,'' grins Guile.

William lowers head. Then the follow Myst.

They follow Myst to the forest's edge.

A freeze spreads. The cold freezes sound still.

Gray clouds hover from mountain to horizon through the trees.

Myst stops and says near the peoples edge, ,,We will the song guide us now.''

Shake says, ,,I hope to the stone foundation and old stone wall where there are what look to be a small bizzar.''

The small bizzar is a catapults launch away from tree edge. The small bizzar spans a near perfect circle arond the center of a stone and morter foundation of a house and a wall as tall as a cow. Stands, booths and tents with stone wall at back display rusted, shined, dented pot, pans, wooden spoons, metal forkes, stone and metal knives. Arrows and bows and a bronze shield lay on mud and slush. Men, women and children is on ground and rocks and stare at other wares of the sellers around.

,,We could just take what we want,'' says Shake. ''So we may journey and save these people.''

,,Why take when we have your money to spend?'' says Myst.

William says and nearly sings, ,,They need you gold more than you need your gold. If your thought bad give and good to you will be sold.''

Shake grins, ,,And can't be good if thought bad.'' He steps long the stone solid mud path between camps and sleeping spots. 

Shakes grin feels to pluck a nerve and peer of people sitting near edge of camps along the path worn to the bizzar.

People huddle, cough, spit, stare, scavange, watch.

Carcass of Yuile and  Cow fume rot and shit. 

Guile feels a wave ripple against his flow of thought along a path drawn in mind. 

The feeling of plucked nerves played for their song spreads to a chorus feeling and thought of the people. 

Hate spreads with stares and stopped talk. 

,,Where's my wine carafe,'' says Shake. 

Kirra tosses carafe at Shake.

Shake lifts carafe and drinks.

Myst slips Kirra's mug into pack. She feels the stares and looks at her movements. She hears the whispers and feels the tension create a taut string song quiet in mind. 

Coughing and crying are heard. The splash of puddle fells cold and loud.

Clay fired bowls, dirty cotton blankets, tarnished silver spoons and forks, dirt stained vials, clumps of cow dung and bettles skins lay spread on blanket, mud or wood. 

A stand with a purple blanket spread from stone wall to poles displayes leather sheaths, 

Two men stand against walls holding daggers with swords it fine leather scabbards.

One man sits before the goods and says to William's stare. ,,The waterskin will not let water freeze.''

William looks at the leatherman. ,,What is the cost for the four waterskins?''

,,A gold.''

Shake sips of carafe, and says, ,,We'll walk around.''

The walk around and find 

Minst says, ,,Cold. Getting cold.''

,,Yes,'' says Guile.

The rest of the talk is with hands and eyes as pots, knives, herbs, leaves, vines, grasses, roots are poked, squeezed, tasted, taped, scanned, looked and pulled.

The sun wanes with no words.

The light gray clouds dim to dark gray. 

Herb, grass, roots, dried fruits and meat are bought and bundled in a sack all picked by Jan. 

Shake drink wine from carrafe.

Then they return to the leather good crafted with an even cut and tight ties.   

Shake sips wine from carafe.

,,Done walking around,'' says the leatherman. 

,,No,'' says Shake. ''Need only cost for the water skins, the saddle bags.''

,,Two gold,'' says the leaterman.

Shake nods. ,,One Waterdown Gold. Weighs. No shavings around the edges.'' Shake pointo to a far wall. ''Seen saddle bags for a couple silver.''

The leatherman says ,,They rot. Are stained and stink. And waterskins. He tosses them forward. New. Rot and stink free. No diseased traveler had its lips around the nossel. No years of sediment.'' 

William picksup the waterskins. Kirra grabs the saddle packs. 

William and Kirra pulls, spread, smell, peer and pry at the stithes. 

,,Waterdown gold and five common silver,'' says William.

,,Sold,'' says the leaterman.

,,Not yet,'' says Shake. Shake grabs the saddle bags. 

The guards behind the leatherman flinch.

Shake holds the saddle bags before Kicker. ,,What do you think?''

Kicker steps and rubs his nose aling the inside of the leather saddle bag back strap. Kicker nods.

,,Sold,'' says Shake while looking at Kicker.

Money is exchanges with the eyes of the guards watching the pack and the people around. Money is hidden and the leather saddle bages are held before leather waterskins are put over each of the head of pack member.

,,Now we need a pot,'' says Jan.

,,Woman by the name of Tinker. Over the far by the forest. See the black sheet. Near there. You'll see,'' says the leatherman.

William nods at the leatherman. ,,Thank you. And good day.''

A flake of snow falls on the nose of Jan.

Jan smiles. ,,We will have fresh snow for water.''

Minst looks to the sky and frowns.

Guile bundles in thick Reighn Woven coat. ,,Snow.''

They step through mud and through the bizzar. 

Kicker's Leather Saddle Bags feel near skin against Buckey's rump. Guile's Stone Giant Woven Wool Sheet. 

Jan leads to a blanket beyond the barriers of the stone walls and near the edge.

The blanket is covered with pots and pans. Black and silver pots. Deep pots, shallow pots. Round and sphere shapped bots lay on mud around a human with hair tied and matted like Shake's in locks. Fingers and feet bare and stained with mud and soot. Face clean and calm. Her eyes stare, but do not peer.

The pans stack beside her.

Jan stares with the person. Then she looks at thin large parts the shape of a cylinder. She steps over a cauldron and near the person look at her. 

Three caste iron pots are in a row. All the as deeps from foot sole to knee and as round as Jan's butt. All pots have carvings of flames, a forges and anvils etched along sides.

Jan smiles. She looks at the person. ,,How much for the dwarven caste iron pot.''

,,Two gold,'' says person.

Shake hears and says, ,,One Waterdown Gold.''

,,Two Waterdown Gold,'' says Jan. 

Guile sees thought to Shake's mind. >It is dwarven caste iron.<

Shake says, ,,How...'' and looks at Guile. He slides hand under sleeve and pulls two gold tucked in pocket of Branching Armor. ''Two Waterdown Gold.''

Jan  takes the gold and gives the gold to the person then takes the pot, lifts it over head and steps to the trail to the forest.

The pack follows. 

They walk past a stack of chipped roots and logs.

,,Do you need a fire?'' says Minst.

,,No,'' says Jan. 

,,I want a fire,'' says Shake. He takes a drink from the carafe and looks at the pack. ''For one last night before we go.'' He waves hand toward Rise. ''There.'' 

William says, ,,I will carry if you buy.''

,,I will carry wood,'' says Minst.

Shake smiles. Then he stares and steps back. ,,Don't talk. Let me buy.'' He turns and walks to wood stack.

The wood stack is like a wall before a circle of sitting people around a fireless firepit. People cough and stare.

Shake takes a dried tree root from stack, says, ,,I have three copper for four bundles of this rotted wood.''

One clears through. 

A face with a broken nose, toothless mouth and winkles over face talk horse, but Shake hears, ,,One of those Waterdown Golds.''

Shake looks at the wood and castes a laugh that feels pain to all that is laughed upon. He drops the wood and walk away.

Myst steps from near Jan and Minst and walks to Shake. Her drum sways and hits and goes boom. ,,We'll take it, but five bundles.'' She stands before Shake's laugh.

Shake lets laughter lead to the words, ,,No.''

,,Shake,'' says Myst. ''Pay it. One gold.''

Shake points finger at Myst. ,,You pay it.'' He jabs finger. ''With your money?''

The pack stands and watches. Their break blows puffs and white humidity frozen.

Shake and Myst stare. Their height near the same.

,,Pay and call it repentance for being a murder,'' spits Myst.

Shake lets saliva gather on lips then he sprays. ,,Pay.'' He walks away. ''The wood won't burn. And what does won't last long enough for coals'' He chuckles and walks the guantlet of stares from the pack. Shake looks over the rows and endless camps.

Snow falls. Large flakes appear from the light gray clouds and float to ground.

People look up and then begin to cover heads, kids, woods.

Shake walks to wood stack near marsh while Myst stands and hears a question of Reighn in her mind.

>Why you hate?< sees Question of Reighn to her mind.

And Myst mumbles. ,,Because he's right.''

Guile steps and puts a gold in Myst's palm then bundles and walks after Shake.

Myst buys the bundles of root wood for a Waterdown gold that Spear, William and Minst carry.

Shake buys old growth trunk wood for three copper that he and Guile carry.

They return to the mound.

They pile the wood.

Jan mixes and mashes and cuts herbs, roots, cords, dried meat and fruit in pot.

The pack opens and searchs the packs. They sort word and clear a spot for fire. They lay root wood along the surface of ground and pile Shake's wood. Spear chops wood for splinters. Kirra starts the fire.

,,Please, tell me about those goblins you have seen, Guile,'' says William.

,,Heard,'' says Shake.

,,Heard,'' says Guile. ''I seen creatures taller than Spear. They wore ropes and ran away.''

Spear says, ,,Seen hobgolbins in town. Chased them until chased myself. Robe with illusions.''

,,How big were the robed figures, Guile?''

,,Bigger than Spear,'' says Guile.

,,That's really big for hobgoblins?''

Spear look to the forest. ,,We fought big hobgoblins in Westmore Canyon. We see the hobgoblins and their city. They were near the size of William.''

,,How big are hobgoblins?'' says Guile.

Spear points at Shake. ,,About the size of Shake to as big as me or tall as''

Shake pulls his hands into the arm of the Branching Armor and feels pockets and sears and blades. ,,I thought hobgoblins were smaller. About my size.''

Spear yawns. ,,Need sleep. Need watch. Need to be aware tonight.'' He covers with a wool bed roll and lays on the moist grass and sleeps. Wake me for watch.

Guile says, ,,I will sleep.'' He stands and walks and stands then falls to ground near Bucke. He wraps.

Myst and William watch the fire. ,,Goblin are goblins are goblin.'' Fire lights William's face contrasting shadows. 

Shake finds thin plates of steel woven between fibers of the Branching Armor. He finds pouch of the vial of haste. He touches the haste vial and feels the buzz then becomes lost in the stories, the Branching Armor and trying to snap fire on thumb and drinks wine.

Snow falls. Snow covers the slush, muck, mud and the pack.

A gust swirls and gives chill.  

The sounds of the marsh still. Then the snore of William gives it sounds. 

The pop of the fire spreads embbers. 

Jan packs the food paste on to broad leaves then wraps the food paste in head sized balls and fist sized balls.

The head sized balls are placed in the saddle bags

The fists sized balls are place in her pack, Kirra pack, then set near the packs of the pack by Jan.

Kirra looks at Jan and smiles. Her hands and fingers, eyes, inspect on the shafts and arrow tips of the arrows filling her quiver.

Jan scoops snow to pot. 

Myst lets the questoin of Reighn be asked and talked with the  goblins.

Minst sleeps.

Kicker settles.

Snow falls and falls.

Guide stands between trees in the muck hearing for movement. Through the night he walk deeper into the marsh pausing for short spands of time to sleep. Guide feels the sounds must the way Myst feels the song of Reighn.

The camp rests but for Guide and Shake.

Shake searches and finds all the pickes, blades in the Branching Armor. He looks at the embers feeling only the heat. He stares into the darkness. He tests the water resistence of the Brnaching armor finding it to resist water as he wades boot deep

Snow falls. 

The wood burns and warms Spear, Kirra, Myst, William, Guile, Minst. The fire heats the snow that Jan piles into the pot.

The snow in pot melts to water as Jan fills. Then Jan lets the full pot cool while she pack for food paste.

The snow falls and the water in pot cools.

Jan fills the water skins. She unrolls Kirra's bed roll and lays it over Kirra. Then Jan walks combs Kicker's mane and back with her fingers.

Kicker busters to sleeps and calm not feeling Jan fill saddle bags. 

Then Jan walks to the edge of mound, courches and presses the end of her staff into the mound. She sleeps and feels her body spread through the seeds, roots, insects through the network through the ground sensing and feeling an area.

Shake is part of the awake starring Set through the trees while Guide stands in muck and sleeps dreamsing of his surroundings as if awake feeling with the senses.

The snow falls and falls.

The fire fades and the coals smolder.

Snow coveres to fire pit, Shake, Jan, Guide.

Guide stands and has a dreams of feet slopping into snow.

A tree branch breaks. Clicking and clacking are heard. 

Spear has a dream of Guide telling him to wake.

Jan feels the termor through rodents and insects of a force and body moving from the marsh.

Shake stands. He shivers and quivers and blows on red hands.

Kirra wakes hearing Shake, Jan and a splash and clicks and clacks.

The clicks and clacks pick at silence then find a hole to noise.

Spear wakes and stands from a mound to stare.

Branches break. 

Three darts blows past. 

Myst wakes.

Willaim moans and asks, ,,A bit early for...''

Then a roar leads a splash and clash and goblis charging the mound.



