,,Where will we sleep?'' says William.

,,Or the bridge,'' says Spear.. ''We can see the directions. Lay on the Set side until Epoche.''

William looks around the bridge. ,,How about the hill near the arch of the rise. The land around the road before the slope down to the marsh is dry.'' He steps to th Rise and peers a squint through wrinkled brow. 

Branchless trees rise from the spread mash the sinks. No light glistens acrosss the marsh like light glistens over the pond and rivers around.

Spear raises hammer and points head to the Wane side of bridge. ,,The sun lowers to the Wane as the cycle to rise completes. The side of the bridge will caste a shadow from Rise to Set. The shadow will protect us from waking light and the eyes from afar.''

William smiles. ,,Will not our legs be wet again once we walk the pond to the road.'' He looks from the Rise and to Spear.

Spear grins. ,,The water will slow the enmey from any direction give time for Kirra to kill them on by one.''

William looks to Kirra. ,,Kirra, can you decide out place of rest.''

,,The land,'' says Kirra. She steps down.

,,Why,'' says Myst. He floats down the bridge and floats with Kirra as she steps and splashe through the water. ''Why not the bridge?''

Kirra splash from the river as the pack steps and walks through the mud and water.

The pack walks along the slow slope and white gravel of road packed and drid into the clay and peat.

Spear steps from water.

''Why not the bridge,'' says Minst.

Spear says, ,,The enemey make strike from below.''

William steps with Spear and glances at Spear. ,,The enemies can enter the water flow until they are underus and attack.''

,,Cowards,'' says Spear. ''Weak.''

Shake steps from the water and kicks water from ankles grumbling and mumbling, ,,To drain a swamp to create a city makes the land around shitty.'' He stomps mud on ground. ''To drain a swamp to make a city. ...Without the bog, mirr and muck it will be pretty. Without mud, muck and mir...Without a dragon to sit...'' 

,,Where will we sleep?'' says Minst.

Kirra drops pack on the road near the top on the Set side of the rise.

The rise lowers to a slow droping slow to a bog.

The bog a scape of land with grass growing on small platea mud plates with cracks spliting betewen. Trees with no limb and root growing from the ground and round the marsh. Vines grow around the trees and the small plateaus of grass and clay. 

Jan was from the pack setting up cam and to the marsh. She presses her staff into the ground.

The staff hits the ground. A vibration flows through staff to Jan causing pain. 

Jan kneels and pushes against the ground.

The ground as hard as stone that crumbles when rubbled. 

The dirt and mud covered grass lays brown at roots and brittle to touch.

The pack watches Jan.

Shake sees Jan.

,,There's something different about Jan,'' says Shake. ''She's looking like she needs some of her creams and muds.'' Shake unfassen's the Branching Armor.

The cool breeze and near fridged air dries sweat and chills the legs.

William shivers. ,,Fire. Fire tonight before the cold of the wet swamp.''

,,Dry,'' says Jan. ''The marsh is dry and dying.''

William, Spear and Kirra, Minst and Shake look over the marsh. 

The mash low over plain flows until the horizon. The branchless tress rise on pairs then groups then a mass and the land passes to the Rise.

The sun shines. 

Spear takes off the Spear from pack and tosses them to ground. ,,Fire.''

,,Fire,'' says William as he pulls of boots and wool socks soaked with wet mud water.

,,Wet and dry and high on the short slope,'' Shake sings with a rough rumbling voice that gargles then sings. ''The raod to the the swamp drained for a city. The branchless trees and quagmire less pretty.'' Shake stops and mummble. ''Draining a swamp...''

Spear lifts the two torches and says, ,,The word for no fire?''

William laughs. 

,,I don 't know any word but the word to have the flame be,'' says Minst. He hovers above the ground and looks through components.

,,That disk floats for a long time,'' says Shake.

William grabs a club. ,,We can use the torches during the night when we travel. Swamps have monsters and creatures of the dark.''

Shake steps to Minst. ,,How do you know when to lower?''

Guile sees the shapes flow and float through Minst mind impressing deep into through not forethough as Minst talks. Guile sits and eats troll and sees the magic weave of shapes, the magic trapstry of etching and the magic characters writing.

The magic in Minst's mind is not a thought as he reads his spell book and says, ,,The magic thought with be force to mind sleeping or reading.'' He looks from the splell book. ''I can think the spell now and dismiss then I will fall. Now I float then fade as I lower.'' 
 
Shake leans to try to see the invisible magic sphere that Minst float upon. ,,How much can it carry?''  
 
,,I don' t know.'' Minst looks at Guile then Spear. ''I havent' cast this spell, but three times before.'' 
 
,,Hover like flying?'' says Shake. He stands. He sits. 
 
Spear and William say, ,,MAGICWORD FOR TORCH.''

The two goblon torches ignite.

William set them on the ground. 

Spear step from the flames and to the darkness. ,,I will watch the distant.''

William eats some goblin and lays flat on back. ,,I will be ready.''

Shake grabs the pocket with the vial. ,,I will wake.''

Minst sleeps and slumps  over spell book over crossed legs.

Kirra lays by Jan.

Jan sits and looks at her palms.

Her plams are pink and red. Spots of blood seep through the skin. Pots of pain boil over Jan's skin and cools with the breeze. 

Kirra sit and holds Jan. 

The fall asleep proped against the other.

Myst watches Kirra and Jan near a stare. Myst hears the notes frome Shake's voice move her hand to tap light and slow the drum.

The tap lulls Guile to sleep and from the mind of Minst as Minst dreams.

Guile's mind feels the magic in Minst mind flow from subthought to thought as it bends the images and senses and shifts their flow to create waves of heat and cold to flow through Guile...

The drum of Myst beats and calm Guide, who sits near the pack and sleeps.Spears  and Shake remain awake.

Spear watches over the plains and while stretching and swinging clubs. He swing his war hammer in low, hight, wide and neear swoops. He ducks and rolls and sweeps swings low and hight. He grabs his battle pick and swings it and hammar through the air and over the ground. He swing and sweats and swats. He hooks the pick and hammer to side and slide bastard sword from sheath along back then strikes and slices as the sun rises.

The sun rise and slopes along the Wane. 

Shake grabs the pocket with vial and clenches teeth. He feels the pull and itch to scratch with the buzz of Speed spread from mind and through body. He grinds teeth then forces words to pry teeth apart. ,,Drain the desert to build a city.'' Shake itches his necks and looks at the dirt under finger nails nearl the color of his dirt covered skin. 

The breeze blows a freeze.

The pack sleeps.

Spear slices and swats hypnotising Shake for many rays of sun shines.

Then Shake's voice says, ''Heroes hunger for food, riches and adventure with goblins the only loot and feed where they venture. From the mountains and the towns through the nights travelling the heroes are found. Fates are no longer given to lecture. ...Lecture. ...The fates have no more the heroes to lecture. A song of Reighn sings the way from night to day. The road and a river guides the search for...For...For what\?'' Shake watches Spear sping. He squints at the sun. ''To the rise...'' Shake looks at William's guitar. ''To the drained swamp.''

He watches the sun shines then sleeps. 

Spears swings and slices. 

The shadows move with the sun.

The sun shines on the Set side of the rise.

The goblins torches burn and give heat near and far. The magic flame feels to spread flames heat with an even reach.

Spear looks at William then looks at Guide.

Guide wakes and stares with Spear. He stands.

Spear sits. He lays and stares at the bridge to the rise.

Guide watches.

The pack sleeps.

Shake mumbles. ,,Drain a swamp to build a city. Drain a swamp. Drain a swamp. Drain...''

The sun sets, and darkness spreads.

Night is, and the pack sleeps.

Guide sits and stares through the night.

The last of the sun lights fades.

Kirra wakes. She swings sword and stands.

Fire light and night surrounds. Her shadows caste over Spear.

Spear wakes.

Guile coughs and coughs. He pushes the cooked goblin from his robe and grabs his heart dagger.

The heart dagger beats.

The pack wakes.

Guide says, ,,The sun lowered now.''Spear looks at the torches. ,,A torch will be a beakon for goblins.''

Shake hears Spear and shakes off sleep while Minst wakes with a snap and shake of head. 

Minst says, ,,Where are we?'' at the same time Shake speaks.

Shake says, ,,A torch is a beakon for goblins. In the swamp...'' Shake stretches and yawns.

Minst looks at Shake, yawns and nods, puts spell book between the folds of his armor and stands on the invisible disk. He steps to ground and the Blue's Armor falls to the gravel road.

Myst nods with Minst.

The pack wakes.

Myst with a song of leading with words from Shake's scratched and rough voice. 

Jan wakes and moves. Kirra wakes and rolls to a stand pulling dagger from sheath. They see through the night and stare.

Food balls and goblin are ate. Water is drank from Kirra's mug. Shake drinks wine. The piss shit and clean.

Myst walks to the pond and washes face with Minst. Both scrub dirt from ears then return to William fidgeting with armor, Kirra looking at bows and spear standing with muscles flexed and hands gripping pick and hammar.

Spear steps to the rise and down toward the marsh. William and Kirra follow.

,,What about the torches,'' says Minst.

Shake grabs a torch. He talks near singing down the hill. ,,Heroes hunger for food, riches and adventure with goblins the only loot and feed where they venture. From the mountains and the towns through the nights travelling the heroes are found. The fates give the heroes a timeless lecture with a song they sing as they travel to he rise a path they've never seen.''

The flames of torche caste pack shadows.

The pack walks over the lumpy road. Pieces of pebble and white square brick lay broken and scattered at the side of wheel ruts. The bog land spans from the raids. Trees grow and sway. Tripped trees lay on roads side.

Spear, Guide and Kirra run afore the pack. Spear leads the pack along the roads and walks in the night as his gray shade nights sight guides between the trees and plots of dead grass. Guide walks into to the dry river bed and around the rocks and over pebbles. Kirra sprints to the Wax and between the trees over the dead dry grass and stone hard clay groound with no sound.

William holds a torch next to Shake.

Shake mummble to a song. ,,Heroes hunger for food, riches and adventure with goblins the only loot and feed where they venture. From the mountains and the towns through a swamp and the nights travelling the heroes are found. The fates give the heroes a timeless lecture with a song about silent travel being safe for goblins may conjecture. But in the dark the song is blind what is seen on the other side. It could be a dragon or a pot of gold. It could be the goblin slave owner waiting to capture you to be sold.''

Myst taps her drum top.

Kirra lets a bird whislte rip.

,,I believe Reighn may best be sung in our minds through this night,,'' says William

,,Wouldn't we be safer if we walked the river bed?'' says Minst.

Shake mummbles. ,,Dragon...Dragon...''

,,Yes,'' says William. He looks at Minst. ''And no.'' William steps with Myst. ''The dry river bed is a good trail for those who know the terrian and know where it leads and how dry it is. The use of the river bed may draw suspicion from goblins travelling the road who would pass us by if we walked in the dark and covered face.'' William looks from the flame to the river bed seen between the trees without branches. ''The river does privide a good path for bandits or guards.''

Minst nods.

The pack walks and walks and walks.

Shake mummbles, ,,Dragon swiming in the swamp. ...Dragon. Dragon...''

The river bed walks to span. A shore of white pebbls and sediment span for many steps until rover bands and bed become dry marsh.

A gust blows cold.

The road of gravel becomes a road way of wood, stone and bags of dirt raised above the ground.

,,Will it be best to walk the raised path or through the swamp?'' says Minst.

William steps and stares.

,,William,'' says Minst. ''Will it be best to walk the raised path or through the dry swamp,'' says Minst.

William grips his guantlet. ,,I don't know.'' He sets vacant care stare at Minst. ''I don't know the swamp. What's drained.''

Shake walks and mummbles to talk. ,,Swamp, living in a swamp. What swamp\?''

The ground slopes.

The road rises with wood sides and sand bags and boulders stacked along the wood walls. Stone and hard packed dirt span the wide raises road.

The road spans straight and true above the drained swamp.

The tree roots stick bettween grass.

Grass crunches under Kirra's foot. Kirra's foot step and hard ground muffle the crunch sound.

Kirra step to bare patches of mud.

The slop of the marsh is slight. The walk the night, and the water mark along the trees seen through heat and night rises from foot to ankle.

The road raises with the water mark. The raod is leg length higher than the water mark.

As the pack walks the road and between the trees and river bed the water mark rise on the threes.

Kirra and Guide walk through the trees. Spear leads the walk on the road.

The pack follow, walk, eat stop to pee.

Spear stands.

Shake talks and says through the quiet of night. ,,Let it be said. Every path leads to dead. From the horror in my head. Black dragon breathing acid on my head.'' Shake says, ''They're draining the swamp because of the black dragon.'' Shake stops. ''There draining the swamp because of the black dragon.'' Shake steps then stands. ''WILLAIM!''

Kirra hears Shake loud talk through the night.

A flash of heat pulses from tree to tree.

Kirra pulls her short sword from sheath.

A hobgoblins lunges from roots. A flame on end of club ignites. 

Goblinkin push and stand from holes and root coves.

Kirra hits away one club then another. She pulls knife from sheath and puts back to a wide tree trunk.

Clicks and clacks spread at random spots through the night.

A flame here bursts and burns. Then a flame there burst and burns.

The flames cast sihlouettes and shadows of goblins, hobgoblins and hugoblins. 

Three groups of goblinkin gather from the roots and bog base from the Wax and Wane. One group surrrounds Kirra to the Wax. Another group from the rise spread and run through the trees. A third group without thorches appear around Guide from the tree roods and the swamp mud. 

Goblinkin run past Guide as Guilde remains still and hides.

Guide peers at the three roots and doesn't find a trace of goblins.

,,Maybe there is no road best?'' says Minst.

,,No when in enemy land,'' says Willaim as he pulls his sword from scabbard.

Darts flight to the air. Darts thump and thunk against truncks and the wood and stand bags of the raised road.

Spear lifts hammar and pick and leaps from the road and runs toward Kirra.

Kirra parries clbu strik and sword strike and three hobgoblis press.

Goblins scatter around Kirra and toward the raised road. The goblins wear black leahter armor and weild daggers like swords. They runw with legs and arms over the swamp bottem without pause.

Hobgoblins from the Wax and wane group in fives and walk with silence through the trees leading with the torche flames.

Black leater armor covered with black metal shoulder and hip plates gleam with fire light. Black coif cover the goblinkin heads. Swords and daggers with red ruby embedded holts hold in each of the hands. Bone blow guns are held to lips and blown through.

A dart his Shake's shoulder as Shake pulls night.

Two darts hit Spear.

Spear leaps from the raises road and to the swamp ground. He stumbles over uneven ground the swing hammar hitting a goblins up and into a tree. He swings pick and stabs a goblins then swings hammar knocking down a hobgoblns.

Flames surround Spear.

Flames surround the sides of the road. Goblins, hogoblins and hugoblin groups merge on the road and climb.

Myst grabs her stare of Rieghn and hits her drum with her heart as her heart pounds.

Guile step between William and Minst and behind Myst. He peers through the hood of robe. He peers at a hobgoblin climb the wood wall to the road top. He shouts a mental yell and hears the echos of the goblins clicks tap a path for thought to become one. 

Minst pops components for belt waves crosses and a circle then claps had together. ,,VALLLOOOO...'' He slaps palms togeter and crushes the components bags.

A FLASH OF BALL EXPLODES from the side of the road. It raisea and consumes a groupd of goblins.

Goblins, hobgoblins and hugoblins fall and leap from wall. Flashes brun over face and arms. Goblinkin drops and roll to ground. Flames snuff and smolder. Flamed torches stumble and roll.

Goblins click, clack and moan.

Shake watches and grips his knife and watches the fires with a smile and a laugh.
William rushes toward the flames toward Spear and Kirra. Jan follows with staff in hand.

William slides to a stop at the edge of the road and kicks the head of two hobgoblins and hugoblins while Jan runs and leaps over the goblinkin climbing to road top, between trees to the ground near Spear.

Spear hits away swords, spins and runs and clears a path. Spear roars and busts through hugoblins standing shoulder to shoulder.

Jan follows. She strikes staff to hit word hilts and heads.

The goblinkins and flames constrict. They climb the road.

Goblinkin and flames surround Kirra.

Kirra parries and cuts and ducks from torches and blades. A hand reaches to grab, and Kirra stabs the hand away while slice short sword across the shoulder of a hugoblins. She steps and slaps away swords of hogoblins and hugoblins.

Hugoblins and hogoblins step from roots and point toward the rise with their click and clacking.

The clicking and clacking echoes through Guile's mind. Guile gribs his heart dagger and peers at a hogoboins trying to climb of the edige of the wall.

Guile sees through the eyes of the hobgobin as the goblins crawls to the road behind William. Three hugoblins and goblins run from the ledge toward Guile, Shake, Myst
 and Minst. 

The hobgoblin contolled by Guile punches one hugoblin and pushes another off the road until a hugoblins tackles Guile's hogobins and they both fall to the road into the smoldering goblins below. 

Dart blow past.

Minst pulls a bullet and sling from punch and loads the sling and he swings watching the bullet fly to the sky. 

Myst feels the song fill mind with clashing clicking sounds that find a precusive rhythm as Myst lifts her sword and opens her eyes to meet the rusing goblins.

Shakes pulls dagger from shoulder then runs to the ledge with the goblins.. He swings flame torch at heads. ,,WE RETREAT TO FIGHT ANOHTER DAY.''

Torch lights burn along the road to the Rise. Torches illuminate groups of hobgoblins and hugoblins. 

A hugobilns hand grabs and pulls William's feet.

William falls. His sword clammers away. 

Goblinkin claw and crawl to road and to a stand. Goblinkin climb to the road. Goblinkins click and clack then one shouts. ,,YIELD!''

Spear hears the shout, feels a dart poke skin and sword slice, slams shoulder in goblinkins to Kirra with Jan runing behind. 

Club flames light the nights.

Kirra, Spear and Jan spread the fight.

A shout is hollered through the night. ,,YIELD.''

,,YEILD,'' shouts a deep hobgoblin voice.

The sound tree crack snaps the sounds of grunts and steel.

Goblinkin climb to the road and stand helping other's climb to top. Goobins, hobgoblins and hugoblins stop walk to ward the back. They stop swords swing.

A tree crack cracks trees. A boom hits.

The pack holds and watch. Kirra hold dagger and short swords crossed near healt and steps from tree seeing a hobgoblin clinging to top of branchless tree.

The goblins clicks and clacks louder than a tree crack and snap.

Jan and Spear step through a clear path to Kirra.The armored dressed goblinkin all look to the rise and away from Jan and Spear. They do glance and step away from Kirra and jan and Spear.

A roar loud then five Spears quiets even the song of Reighn in Myst's mind.

The song feels to skip and jump in Myst's mind as Myst continues the song will lyrics song, ,,Give O'Rieghn a swath, a path, a way to last this horde fight. Give us the light.''

Myst's star of Reighn glows an warms near a burn. Myst holds tight.

There are booms then cracks snapping through the night.

The goblinkin around Myst, William, Guile, Shake and Minst jump from side of wall, or they climb to the road and stand to the rise. The gobilns, hobgoblins and hugoblins point torches and sight the Wane and Wax.

William steps from side to center with Shake meeting near the middle.

The hogoblins under control of Guile leaps from the side of road and runs click and clacking into the dark.

Only two goblinkin give the click and clack and running goblins a glance as they stre to the dark.

Guile's crazed gobin runs past Guide who feels the fear and hears the thoughts of Spear, <Run.>

A roar is.

A tree falls.

Torch fires light night, the trees, the brush, the raod, the marsh and a huge brown green body.

Twenty being with two legs as wide as tree tops and half as tall, waists as widw as tree tunck base and two arms logs and forearms twists and bending like tree limbs. Their green and browns fles blends like the mud and much of the marssh. Their naked bodies grow to one or two heads that look like boulders chiped from a mountain. Their two milk orb eyes hide behind socke and lits and lumpuy jagged flesh. Their fles craterd, lined, twisted and notted.

,,Skin looks like some one burned a tree then dropped wax on it,'' says Shake as he lefts his flame club. 

Kirra pull goblins arrow from quiver, grabs oil skin on skin before Spear hollers. ,,TROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLS.''

,,TO THE CENTER PACK!'' Hollers Wiliam. ''NOT OUR FIGHT!''

Spear step and latches pick the grabs and piulls club on a run between goblinkin and toward William, the rood and trolls stepping from the night in to the fire light.

Kirra grabs arrows and Jan. 

The gound shakes and trees fall. 

Trolls rush through the forest to the road knocking trees to the ground and grabbing trunks tossing them like sticks.

Roars and screams like a scarred child lead the fright through goblins.

Goblins scatter and scurry dropping daggers and small pack to the ground. 

Hobgoblins and hugoblins step back raise short swords and shields and form lines and circle groups. around the swam and bog. 

,,FORM,'' hollers a goblin somewhere near Kirra. ''TWOS''

The hobgoblins and gobins form back to back pairs and step in sync with other goblinkin pairs  to circle around the stepping and swiping claws.

Trolls crowd and rush...

,,Trolls,'' says William. He raises sword a first and strides to road edge facing three trolls pushing trees down and throwing dry swamp to road.

,,Bigger than the ones in Westmore Canyon?'' says Shake.

Myst feels her burn consume her body then shoot from her hands to the 

Trolls and goblins clash and slash and bunch. Gobinkin are smashed, hit and ripped apart. Trolls and cut burned and beat.

Trolls too many to see through the night and goblinkin too many to count clash. 

Spear rush to at troll pounding down goblins. He sets from path of falling tree to toll foot and ankle and swings burning club once, twice, three times braking ankle of troll and rolling away as a tree trunk slams growns and claws swing and slash. 

A troll rushes at Kirra and Jan.

Jan lay on ground.

Kirra quick pour oil over a fist of arrow tips then begins to volley on after the other in a rushing troll. Fire arrows fly.

Goblins roar.

Jan kneels to the ground and pushes and pulls he neergy thorugh hands then grabs on to her staff and squeeses fist to help force her body into the staff and ground. She kneels and feels no change or path. Jan cries...

Minst grabs contents, speaks tones and wards and circles and squares and spoke. Minst flies to the sky seeing the club fires and trees burning below. 

Trolls large and hugs circle tens to hundred torches and goblins. 

Minst searches pack and flies low.

Flame darts and arrows shoot into trolls.

A troll smashes into the road behind the pack on the road. 

Guile turns and grips heart dagger. He feels the thump of the dagger and pull mind from hobgoblins. He breaks the through from from the goblins and flings the force like a whip to strick a troll in the head. The whip hits like a brick wall sending sending a shock to Guile's mind. He stumbles back to Myst.

Myst stands and hitts her drum to the beat of hear heat. She creates moans and tones that sond like an operah being played. 

The sounds spans and expands through the trees, shrubs, swamp and land with calm and steady beats. The sound become the songs. 

The goblinkin fight trolls begin to swing and click and clack with the drum beats. They finds pace to dance with the trolls.

The trolls at the song with screams and maons as they press. Trolls claws swipe and smash a group of goblins near the street.

Hobgoblns and hugoblns pairs spin and walk and swing and duck as one as the find a rhythm to step with Myst's song of Reighn. The pairs of warriors strike on troll then evade the claw and trees stump to dance to another goblin pulling the trolls into the stumbling dance to the those caught in the chase.

Trolls bite and eat goblinkin who miss a steps or dance out of sync and too slow.

Spear is too slow when a troll's fist the size of Spear's chest slams Spear's shoulder. Shear spins holding both club and hammar then smashes and burns the trolls hande. Spear bashes the flaming goblin club against the broken ankle and foot of troll as the troll kicks and Spear flies...

Minst flies and finds compnents on his belt as he dives to an troll.

Willaims runs at the troll hitting road to the Set. His fist clenches, rages surges and pulses body.

The troll before Willaim stands along along the Set. It crawls and lifts it's large melted candle stick like body on the to teh road pushing the walls of the road to fall. It stands to the darkness. It raors and slash at William...

Myst hears the roar, but only as a sound for her to pound away with her drum then her voice as she sing high tone and low tones like song for flowers to bloom. The sound spreads through the night giving her the sight of the trolls around.

Twenty huge trolls she counts and twenty trolls she sings as her song gives strenght to the swords and club strikes htting the trolls.

Guile stares at only on of the Huge trolls as he tries to force his way into its mind.

The troll of Guile's focus smashe a group of goblins packed around the road base then lowers it's head from the night to the torch light to bite Guile.

Guile stand and stares holding heart dagger feeling the heart dagger thump...

Guide sees no thumb as he steps over lumps of mud and grass, but falls in the dance with a hugobling. Together the dance and weave with a group of goblins slash and bashing hand and ankles...

The trolls close around the goblinkin and the pack. Two trolls climb to the road. The troll on the road to the Rise smash road causing it to crumble and scatter the goblinkin on top. The trolls around bunch fists, swing truncks and knocks trees down.

Gobins, hobgoblins and hugoblins shoot flame darts and strike with clubs. Their swords cut and hack as the troll skin grows back.

,,FIRE!'' hollers a goblin's voice. ''HOLD PAIR.''

Minst watches the troll surround as he flies arround then claps hand and lets.

A ball of fire explodes around the giant head of the troll walking from the deep dark of the swamp from the rise and toward Myst, Guile and William as William fights the other troll on the road to the Set

Kirra stands near a troll as it smash and pound a pair of hugobins into ground. She fires all fifteen flaming arrows into the head of a troll.

The troll falls as she fires her last arrow.

A troll roars behind Kirra.

Kirra drop bow and pack in a flash, grabs a flaming club torch burning on ground, pulls knife from sheath on her thigh.

The troll throws a rock.

The rock hits Jan's head.

Jan  in the head by a rock thrown by the troll. Her staff and body fall to ground. 

Kirra rolls to a stand by foot of troll and stabs foot with dagger, leaps on foot. 

The troll kicks leg.

Kirra grabs knife and holds burning club to it's thight. 

It's huge hand reaches for Kirra.

Kirra pulls knife from foots, jumps to the trolls chest, stabs knife into its chest. She puts flaming club top against chest and presses. 

Flame burn Kirra's hand. 

A flat troll hand nearly the size of Kirra slaps chest, the end of club and Kirra.

The club  and flame shoves into the troll. 

The troll roars...

Kirra falls to ground...

Hobgoblins and hugoblins fight trolls around. 

Spear lands by a pair of goblins on the attack of another goblins. His grip of hammar and club hone the rage as he steps to a stand then a run and a roar. The roar spread paing through chest numbing pain when the troll with the burning broken leg. 

The roar is a roar of roars as three trolls fall tipping trees and killing the dancing pairs of goblin warriors with swing and swipes beforre the trolls die. 

Low moans with a phantasmal force felt through the mind of all. 

Shake shutters and feels a fright from the dead troll moan thought body give studder.

Guile feels the dead troll moan and makes it a thought. Guile feels the death of a troll and makes it a complete thought. Guile squints at the pain sent from the troll grabbing Guile. 

Guile is lifted from the ground. 

Guile see the troll mouth coming near. He sees its eyes and stare. Then with a force of will and fear, Guile sends a mental ring to strike pain.

The troll's fist squeezes Guile. 

Guile thinks thought of troll's death moan into the mind of the troll thought the pain felt from the body and mind of troll. 

The troll dies.

The troll falls...

...William slices at the troll on the bridge cutting it's wrist from harm then the guantlet covered fist shovers the flaming goblin clubing into the wound.

Two goblins dance near William. Two hugoblins step side by side, back to back, front to back front to front slicing and burning and squirting bits of oils. They duck, roll, spin, leap flip as pairs sticking the same spot on troll. One warrior cuts. The othe warrior sprays oil squeezed from water skin then lights the torch. 

One warrior is squashed. One warrior is tore in two.

A troll dies. A dead troll moans.

A hugoblins moans near Myst and dies. Another screams and covers head.

The two goblins with missing dance partners step with the beat of Myst's drum and the slice deep with the low throat moan that sound as deadly and the troll death moan.

Myst stand in center of the bridge. She pounds her drum to a steady, calm beats. She sings tones with mouth. Herr throat moans low like a troll death moan giving calm to the sound.

The golbins cowering on ground lowers hands and scampers on hands and knees away from the troll's fist slamming the ground. 

Myst stand ground and plays and sing a slong long and loud and distant caste beyond hte ring of trolls.

The trolls smash, thrash and throw goblins, hobgoblins and hugoblins. They throw rocks at Minst.

Minst flies up and lifts legs as a boulder is tossed by troll at him. 

The boulder flies unders Minst.

Minst spins. 

His dagger falls from the scabbard. A few components fall from pack.

Minst flies up like standing on sky. He pops two component packeds from belt. He lifts arms before him and presses palms togetherr making them like an arrow head. 

He foceus on the ground below and sees the troll near Myst. 

On the ground below farm from Myst is Kirra and Jan. Kirra runs with Jan over shoulders. She runs by goblinkin fighting trolls. 

A troll stride along the path before Kirra to the night free of the fight. 

The troll swings tree at Kirra. 

The tree knocks one tree then breaks 

She runs between the legs of a troll. from the hand of another troll. 

The troll raises half tree in hand and swing at ground and Kirra.

Kirra runs between the legs of the trolls carrying jan over shoulders. She falls 

Jan rolls over ground.

Kirra rolls to a stand. Her pack breaks strap and tears.

Bundles, packs, flint and steel, fletching kit scatter over ground. 

Kirra stands with short sword. She shouts, ,,WE DIDN'T KILL THE SWAMP!''

The troll stand before Kirra...

Kirra shouts sounds louder than a troll death moan.

A troll stands before Kirra.

Jan lays on the lumps of grass and dried mud.

Her skin touch ground flake away.

She feel energy pull and spread through the near dead marsh grass.

Two more trolls moan the troll death moan through the pairs and groups of fighting goboinkin.

Minst sees and counts ten trolls an thirty goblins pairs

The goblinkin pairs  shoot flame arrows and slam flaming clubs upon the trolls.

The trolls smash, kick and eat goblins, hobgoblins and hugoblins.

A troll before Myst chews and cuts a pair of hugoblins in two while steping at Myst.

Myst pounds her drums.

Minst rubs palms.

A red ballista the size of Minst forearm shoots from arms and finger tips.

The red bollista leaves a tail like a shooting star shooting into the shoulder of the troll before Myst.

An explosion of light and flame bursts from the shoulder of the troll before Myst.

Myst pounds her drums and and sings a low moan from throat.

The moan quiets the moan of trolls  through the words and dark dieing and trashing on the ground.

Trees fall and mud mounds splat.

,,TO THE SET ON THE ROAD!'' shouts William.

A troll stands on the raised road before William. It stomps road breaking the wood wall of the Wax side.

The road side cumbles and falls.

A toll palm swats at William.

William spins from the hand swat and cuts a finger from the troll hand with slong sword. William runs between the legs of the troll

The road shakes.

Guile feels the shake of the road and he wiggles from the deald troll's hand.

He squeezes and diggs into the dit. 

A jagged patch of troll flesh snags his robe of reighn.

Guile pulls and pulls on Robe of Reighn. He hears Williams' shout. He see the fireworks explode from the chest of the troll before Myst. He pulls on robe and tries to squirm to get out of robe. He feels his pack stand agains jagged troll skin. He twists and cuts shoulder and grabs his heart dagger.

Shake sees the troll holding Guile fall to the road and slump dead to the ground.

,,MYST, we fall back to William!'' says Shake.

Myst beats drum, moans with eyes closed.

Pairs of goblinkin burn and shoot flame at the troll before Myst.  

Myst steps back with eyes closed.

Shake runs for Guile and the troll thne crawls to the troll anhe body.

,,Guile!'' he says. ''Guile.''

Guile staps skin of the troll.

''DON'T CUT THE TROLL,'' shouts.

A burn and sizzle sound spread spread. 

Guile screams...

Guile's scream Spans to Guide and Spear.

Spear run to the road toward a troll swatting and biting a pack of goblins.

The goblins crawl and claw to bite and chew troll flesh.

Troll blood sprays, and goblins skin boils and smokes. Goblins scream and whimper. The fly and splat against the ground.

Spear ducks a flying goblins. Spear runs, raises and flaming club and slams club into the heel of troll.

The club breaks, and the troll roars low.

A vibration spreads and shakes Spear's thoughts.

Spear stumbles to a stride then falls to a stop laying on ground.

Spear's pack breaks from back. He shouts. ,,TO THE SET!''

Guide feels Spear fall and hears Spear as Guide dance with a hugoblins. Guide and the hugoblins swipe and hit fire clubs agains a giant trolls ankle. Guide rolls with hugoblins away from the troll fist and a spray of troll blood.

Guide runs the Wax and the road between the firelights and goblins.

The hugoblins follows matching Guide's stride to the road wall.

Guide and the hugoblins climb to the road near the troll's foot standing by Myst. Guide runs along the road and to the Rise and to Myst... Kirra hears Spear shout, ''TO THE SET!''

Kirra stares at the troll and kneels to Jan and picks her from ground.

Jan's body raises while part of Jan minds flows through the grass and roots of brush and branchless trees to the troll.

The troll steps away from Kirra and Jan and steps to the goblinkin spread thin over the swamp grounds. The troll moans and grunts and claps hands.

Kirra runs to the dark to the Set to William.

The troll before Myst moans and groan and sets a low then high tone. It steps from Myst. 

Myst steps from troll and to the Rise. She pounds drums, throat sings and sees the sonus path lead to the Rise and to William.

The low moan and slow and low beat from Myst spreads to all.  

William runs under a troll and along the road by a giant troll foot. He slices the foot with sword.

The troll roars. The troll's giaint foot slips from road as hit turns to follow William.

,,WILLIAM!'' hollers Shake and she grasp and pulls and pulls on Guile's shoulder.

The troll blood burns and melt Guiles back pack.

Guile brakes from pack and from troll. The rope of Reighn pull free of jagged troll skin. Blood burn Guile's foot and jagged skin scratches hand, face and feet.  

Shake pulls Guile free.  His boot covered. 

Guile and Shake stand. Shake leads holding Guile to a stand as they step and limb to William behind Myst.

Minst sees Myst, Shake and Guile. He dives through the sky  peers through night. 

Ten trolls become twenty as six trolls step from the night to the torch light and Minst's night sight. Four trolls rise from the ground thrashing a grabbing.

Minst dives and sees Spear on the ground with goblin kin and trolls around. 

A pair of goblins swing clubs and Spear. A giant troll twists and strikes at Spear with fist.

,,MORE TROLL FROM THE RISE,'' hollers Minst as he swops and slices the shoulder of the giant troll as he dives and lands by Spear.

Spear hears then sees Minst. He stands with war hammer. He grabs Minst. They run along the wall of the road to the rise. 

Darts strike behind. 

Guide sees Spear run along wall and follows on the road.

Louds clicks and clacks snap all around. There is a click sounds shout. ,,RUN SET!'' 

Another voice clack to the surface talk of. ,,PAIRS PART. GROUP SET!''

Goblin pairs become goblinkin running to the Set with the pack.

The pack on the road runs past the stumbling goblin that swatchs at William and William cuts and pokes the troll.

Myst, Guide, Shake and Guile go past the troll.

Spear and Minst run below.

Kirra and Jan run in the shadows of torch light. 

The individuals meet as  a pack two troll strides away. 

The goblins run along and follow Myst's song as Myst pounds the drum to the night over the road until William stops at the edge of the road and grabs Myst. 

The troll stumbling on to the road letting a moan as he reaches and knocks Myst to the ground.

,,DOWN!'' William tosses pack to the ground. He sees Myst falls and runs and grabs her drum and her shoulder. 
 
She pushes away and opens sight to see Wiliam. 
 
''MOVE,'' hollers William.  
 
The move and follow Guide and Shade, Guide and the hugoblin fighting with Guild down the wood wall. 

Pain shoots through Guile's ankle and acid burnt foot stings then shocks.

Guile falls. Shake helps life Guile.

William stumbles to the bottom, grabs his backpack and runs with the pack along the road into the dark.

The troll behind strikes the road tom. 
 
Minst takes flight.

Kirra's stride slow and slumped as Jan lays over shoulder. 

,,Kirra,'' says Spear with a huff. Sweat drips from face. He grabs Jan. 

Kirra lets go.

Feet step and trip over dead grass mounds and dry mud. 

Minst flies above watching the fight fade from sight to night.

A troll moans.

Guile shakes and cries. He pushes away Shake and step away from the road, falls and crawl through the dirt and grass

Shake pulls on Guile. ,,Guile, get up! UP!''

William slows his slip and run. He looks at Shake. Spear, Kirra run past William to a stop. Myst stands.

The pack stops. 

The hugoblin running with Shake runs along the road.

''Guile,'' says Shake.

Spear lays Jan on the ground.           

Kirra kneels by Jan.

Minst lands on the ground. He rubs his shoulder. ,,The trolls and goblins fight along the rise.''

,,One runs Set,'' says Spear.

William breathes and leans over bracing. ,,Let the him run to the night.'' He coughs and spits. ''I for one am tired of running.''

Minst touches the spine of spell book. ,,We're luck we left when we did because there were more trolls coming through the trees.'' Minst steps to William and kneels to a knee. ''Did you see them?'' He stands and spreads arms. ''They were massive. HUGE. I thought the trolls in Westmore Valley were big, but therese were.''

,,Big,'' says William standing to full height. He stares at Myst, who steps to Guile. ''How's Guile?''

The pack hears him wimper.

Guile feels the burn of acid and shakes at the thought of the troll death moan.

William steps near Kirra. ''How's Jan?''

,,Laying,'' says Kirra. ''Breathing.''

Guile shouts.

Shake leans and peers at Guile's foot. He rubs his finger on charcoal and flicks it. 

A flame lights from his finger.

Guile's boot and foot around heel appear to have melted as one skin.

Myst kneels by Guile.

,,What happened?'' says William. He stands and walks to the set and stares along the road at the fire clubs and arrows light the night.

Kirra kneels by Jan and puts her mug to lips.

Jan is in her body and in the body of the troll. She lays on the ground by Kirra and only feels Kirra's mug full of water touch her lips. She walks as a troll and sees flame arrows fly through the sky. She feels flaming clubs burn her flesh. She smells the fumes of flames. She tastes the salt of goblinking blood.

Jan hear's Kirra's voice, but her body doesn't move.

Kirra says, ,,Attacked. An alarm sent. Goblins attacked. Then trolls.''

Spear grabs warhammer and walks to the Rise to look at the distant fight. ,,Guide. Get the goblin.''

,,Yes, Shaman,''s ays Guide. And Guide runs over roots, brush and grass along the wood walls. Guide's strides hit true and hard. Before guide nears the hugoblins, The hugbolins stops.

It clicks and clacks and raises club.

Guide stands, and they stare.

,,Shaman seek audiance,'' says Guide. They stand.

The goblinkin says. ,,My shaman is dead.''

,,Your shaman stands near,'' says Guide.

They boths stare. The both step toward Spear.

Spear looks at William then at Guide. ,,I'm not a shaman.''

William stands. He smiles. ,,Even in times of fight and fear you have ways to make-''

,,Shaman!'' says Shake. ''Guile needs a magic potion.''

Guile wimpers.

Myst humms with throat. She put hand on Guile's foot.

Spear knees near Guile. He grabs a torch from the hugoblin and lower it to Guile's foot.

Guile's heel skin bubbles and sizzles around a hole of melted leather and wool.

,,I can't heal,'' says Spear. Spear hears breathing, clicks. 

Distant brush shake and break. Feet squish frosted grass.

''Goblinkin come,'' says Spear.

William peers to the Set and rise.

Flame arrows fly through the dark and burn on giant trolls. 

Flame clubs trace the dark and spark bright as they hit the legs and feet adn trolls.

Trolls maon and swing arms low.

Trees crack and break. Wood wall breaks and cracks.  Dirt and rock crash to screams, clicks and shouts of goblins kins

Spear strides past William. ,,They near.''

William follows.

Guile and hugbolins run the rear as the walk far enough not to hear Myst's throat song.

Myst's hands glow.

The glow spreads and lights Jan's eyes covered with eyelids.

Jan's lips part. ,,Water for the wound.'' She lifts head and chest and sits. 

Kirra stands and looks at Jan.

Jan sits, and Jan stands. She sits in her half-elf body. She stands as a troll.

Jansits and says, ,,Was the wound. Wrap in clean.'' She closes eyes. ''The goblins kill another swamp.''

Jan stands and walks as the gaint troll. She moans through the mouth of the troll. 

The moan from the Jan through the troll is heard by Guile.

Guile shakes and shivers then grinches as Kirra pours water from her mug over the acid troll blood burn. ,,The maon...The moan...The maon...'' Studders Guile.

Inside of Guile's mind the moan creates a dark and a hollow. The pain of the acid blood burning his flesh an echo of life. The sounds of his cries a distant talk from a living body.  

The troll death moan creates a warm path of a soothing sound creates and maze that leads from the shiver of cold, the sizzle of flesh, the wet of tears for Guile's mind to flow...

Outside of Guile's mind the moaning of Guile. goes silent. KIrra says, ,,THE MAGIC WORD,'' and pours a mug full of water on Guile's foots.

Kirra hears the crunch of many feet tripping and falling over frosted swamp grass and vines. She grabs bow and pulls arrows from her quiver. She stand, notches arrow then aims at silhouettes.

The silhouettes run, stomp, fall and shuffle along the road. 

The torch in Spear's hand illuminates the face of the hugoblins and Guide.

Swords clank and clicks of cross bows snap.

The hugoblins with Guide stands and speaks to the silhouettes a stones throw from Spear, Wililam, Guide and it. It says, ,,It be Flare of John. John is dead. A new shaman as been found.''

Snorts, click and clacks, thumps and mummbles preceed the talk from one who steps into the torch held by Spear. 

A hugoblins as tall as spear wearking tan leather body armor and leggins with bronze spheres steps into the light at the front of a group of heavy breathing hugoblins and hobgoblins. The hobgoblin says, ,,WORDTOMAKECLUBFLAME.''

Five then six, ten, twelve, ninteen hobgoblisn and hugoblins step around the lone hugoblin holding the flame. Then they spears over the ground and betten the rood and tall lumps of grass.

Clubs hand without flame at the side of the goblinkin warriors. 

The warriors spread as the warrior as tall as Spear speaks. ,,John is dead. John's warriors fight for me. Grall.'' 

Flare bows and head then rises it. ,,Spear will be my shaman until the fate shows past to a new.''

John stares and huffs a breath. ,,Then a shaman is found.'' Johns steps forward and looks down upon Flare then peers at Spear, William and Guile. ''Where stands Spear, so we may plan are counter attack?''

Flare looks at John. ,,Spear stands behind.''

John's smooth goblins skin wrinkles aroun its eyes. John snarles revealing jagged teeth. Clicks and clack flow from it's mouth.

Hobgoblins and hugoblins raise swords, clubs, cross bows, blowguns and small shields. They spread out making slight noises.

John squints a peer at Spear then William the Guide. ,,The humans who tripped our trap for the trolls.'' John snorts from his nose that almost looks like a snout.

Spear grips war hammar as William grips guantlet fist.

A distant troll moan spread over the lands.

The pack and goblinkin group looks to the Rise.

No flame arrows of flame clubs fly or sing throug the air.

The torches of the goblinkin warriors around vanish.

John steps from Spear's club's flame. ,,Cover the flame.''

Spear tosses the club to the ground. ,,Not a magic slave or caster.''

Flare steps from guide and grabs the club and says with clicks. ,,THA'''

The club flame vanishes. 

Darkness spreads.

Kirrs relaxed taught bow and walks without sound or shadow from the Guile, Myst, Jan and Shake.

Guile groans and moans while Shakes grips his hand. 

,,Are you there?'' says Shake.

Guile hear's shake like an echo through a tube silent against the moan. 

The moan pushe Guile's life to the dark and beyond. Then near the edge of nothing as the pain of his acid scarred become nothing Guile hears Myst's whistle and soft drum beats.

The song of Reighn draws a maze through the darkness, around Guile and beyond. The maze leads Guile to...

Guile groans and shakes as Myst's warm hand press against his acid burned foot. ,,Guile screams.''

The goblinkin and the pack grip weapons, hold stance and exist for action. 

,,You work for the TROLL,'' says goblins voice through the dark.

John sniffs. ,,Smells human.''

William push past Spear and grabs Jahn's armor with guantlet and grabs and pushes John against the wall. ''Better than a goblins.'' Sword tips press against William's back.

William says loud, ,,With a snap the head will pop off.''

Spear and Guide hit sword tips away and press back.

John and William breath on the other then John says, ,,Where you from?''

A low troll moan spread.

A hobgoblin screams and runs by Jan and William, Jan and into the night.

A tree breaks and crashes from the Rise. 

Jan in the shared mind of the giant troll. She guides the trolls feet and arms and body to walk along the road toward her body. She spans the entire troll and blends with its mind until she feels the vibrations and warmth from the swamp. She feels the emptiness, the dry, the death of plants, trees, vines, fish, birds. She walks and guides the giant toll to the goblinkin around the pack.

The goblinkin around the pack spear and step. They click and clack. The look back to the Rise and see the troll. 

,,Who are you,'' says William. William smirks. ''JOHN.''

Two hugoibns warrors stand and more gather before Spear, Guide and Flare.

The troll of Jan steps close. It's huge head, chest and arms are silhouettes to the sky.

Goblin screams and troll maons clash with a tree crack. 

Minst looks at Jan and steps back into the darknes. Minst flies to the clouds above.

Through his sight of grays he sees the shades of trolls stomp and sqash goblins. 

The giant trolls walk Wax and Wane except for the lone troll with Jan part of it.

Jan sits near Guile. Jan closes eyes and whispers, ,,Kirra, run.''

Kirra hears Jan's whisper like the wind. She runs silent around the group of goblinkin aiming attack at William. She runs by trees and vines. She runs to the road wall between the giant troll and the goblin kin and climbs.

Minst sees Kirra and lands on road top. 

Kirra hears Minst and points bow and arrow at Minst.

Minst holds hands high. ,,Only one troll come this way.''

Kirra puts hand over Minst's mouth.

They stare. She points to sky.

Minst shrugs and nods then flies.

The steps of the troll go silent.

Jan feels the toll who's name is more a sound like HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff.

HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff Jan walks with quick stept the slows as foot finds place ment and displacement of force over the mud and bundles and bowls of of frosted grass. It's giant body bends it narrow and tall legs around. It sees the green and brown of the trees through feeling the sound and heat of life. It's mind like a long thick cord played flat and deep to the depths of emotion.

Jan cries as Minst flies over the troll nearing Kirra as Kirra runs silent along the road's edge.

Minst dives to Jan as William grips his guantlet fist.

He smiles. ,,The giant troll has come to kill.''

John laughs.

The hugoblins look from John, William and Spear to the Rise and the night.

,,Kill you humans not supposed to be here?'' says John he raises swords. William raise sword. Spear raises hammer.

Swords and crossbows are raised.

Guile moans a quiver as Myst's hand glow fades.

,,WHY DID YOU ATTACK!'' Shake stands from Guile and says, ''We're reporting on Lyno and the canyon. There's reports about the canoyon.''

John says fast, ,,A novince easily spooked.'' He looks at Shake. ''Why did you needs a scout?'' His fist clenche hilt of sword. ''NOT the road!''

A tree is ripped from the ground pull hugoblins behind to the air beforer they fall with the dirt and grass.

The tress trunk rises with a a low moan from the mouth of a troll and a swat of giant troll hand that cuts a swath of goblins.

HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff Jan feel the dry and brittle dead tree in hand like a part of the giant troll body's being. She feels low tone of noise pull her energy and the dry soul of the dying troll moan.

The troll swings the dead tree.

Goblins are hit and smashed. Goblins scream and moan.

HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff Jan feel the death of the troll like they feel the void in the dead tree. They moans a moan from the body.

Jan's body feels the moan from HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff Jan.

Jan feels HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff.

Jan HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff stands and grabs staff.

Staff is warm.

Jan HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff lifts the half-elven body's arms and steps away from fall goblins and spraying dirt.

Flame burst from clubs. Flames ingnit on bolt tips. 

,,NO OUR FIGHT,'' hollers Kirra as steps and runs by the troll along the road above William as Wililam steps aways.

Shake says after Kirra, ,,Our stories need to be saved.

William clenches fist and raises hand and punches a head from a hobgoblin rising to strike the troll. He raises swords.

Spear shouts. ,,WILLIAM!'' Spear steps and grabs Guile and throws him over shoulder.

William raises swords.

Myst stands near Spear and picks her pack from ground and Guile's heart daggers as she sings, ,,William! We go!'' near a shout. 

William's guantlet fist becomes a relaxed hand. His sword cuts the flaming top of a club. william steps with Spear, Guied and Flare.

Flare clicks and clack.

The troll flails arms and legs and chest.

Tree splinters and chunks and mud spray, splater and hit.

Guile is hit across face with rock. 

Flare grabss.

Goblins spread and run. 

Flaming bolts stab and burn the troll. Flaming clubs break and burn the troll.

The troll roars.

Kirra shouts. ,,FOLLOW.'' She runs to the rise.

The pack run along the road to the rise with a group of goblinkin.

Goblinkin cry, moan and die as they run from the troll.

The troll moans.

A hugoblins running near Spear and Guile falls dead.

The moan passes through Jan's body. She feels the soul of HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff.

Jan feels the swamp and the scape. She feels the death of hundreds of trolls, of the birds, the fish, of the snakes, of the frogs.

Jan feels HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff and HmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooHHHHHHHHHhhhffffffffffffffff feels Jan.

Jan Hmohf stumbles to a silent run with the goblinkin. She slows run.

Goblinkin run past.

Jan Hmohf swings staff at last hugoblins trippingthe feet.

The goblins falls.

Jan Hmohf strikes the goblins head with staff.

The staff crushes.

Jan Hmohf runs with the pack and raises staff at another goblin head.

The pack and the goblins run along the road after Kirra.

Kirra sees Jan Hmohf kill the hobgoblins. She looks to the sky and see Minst.

Minst flies above the batte scene left by the trolls and goblins.

Dead  hugoblins lay in peice between burning clubs and fallen trees. No trolls dead or alive are seen.

Minst flies to the pack.

The pack runs until Kirra slows and stands. The pack stands. 

The goblinkin slow run and stand further rise for the pack.

The gobblins spread and ground and pulls swords and raise shiels. Clicks and clacks and grunts with words whispered are passed between the goblins kin as they peer at the pack.

The pack stands. William steps to the goblinkin. ,,Why attack the trolls?''

John steps from the group and looks at William. ,,Who are you to questions?'' 

William and Spear stand starring.

Spear stands and looks to the Rise then the Set. He lays Guile on the ground.

Guile mummbles the beat of the song of Reighn in mind and humms the vibrations of Myst's throat song.

Myst's throat song sing low with breath. Her heat beats with Guile's humm. She taps drum.

John stares at William. ,,Quiet the noise maker. Trolls will hear.''

Through the darkness, both feel the other.

Spear steps and says loud, ,,Quiet our talk and lead us to the hide.''

,,We need rest to continue the journey.''

,,They're human,'' clicks and speaks a hobgoblins.

,Quiet before I strike,'' says Shake. He steps past Spear and  between William and the hugoblin John. He stares up. ''Don't question our form. There are many of us suffereing in the Lyno hoping to help the coming attack.'' Shake lifts on tops of toes and points finger and lets spittle fly with the words. ''DON'T think I care about your life.'' Shake steps to the group of goblinkin and steps between.

The goblinkin step from Shake with swords and shields raised.

Minst sees the goblinkin raise swords and shields before he lands. He grabs components from belt and steps past Kirra. 

Kirra grabs his arms and poinst at Shake.

Shake throws peers to the dark and silhoutte heads. ''You want to caste my image as you against the wish of the illusionist.'' He stares into the darkness and silhouettes heads of goblinkin. His heart beats and forehead sweats. Shake gribs his pocket with the speed. ''Hear me.''

Goblinkin click and clack and grumble. One speaks. ,,How do we know-''

,,What!'' says shake stumbling. ''What are you?'' He stands before a hobgoblin that spoke. ''What do you question the.'' Shake looks at the goblins. His mind loses thought. 

The goblinkin look at Shake and step and shift from the pack place shields and swords for attack. One points at Jan. ,,I seen that one kill one from the Chrome Group.''

William says will facing John. ,,Pack, gather. We walk alone. We let these warriors die by themselves.''

Before William ends his talk, John says, ,,If you are one of us. If you are member of a group, then help us kill the trolls.'' John steps back. ''We will walk with you to the city and give you rest.''

Shake steps to William. ,,We are not one of you. You and your black dragon problem is not our concern. We have hire orders.''

,,Shake,'' says William.

Myst graps her mace and side and says, ,,Rieghn the fight may be. Help with me the need to see...'' The beat of her heart sets the beat. It thumps and drums.

There is silence at the stare.

Kirra steps to the road edge and looks to the wane. She whispers, ,,How many trolls?''

Minst looks below clenching three component packs, touching the spine of spell book, saying, ,,No trolls were seen. Only dea goblins.''

Kirra steps and readies to speak as the hugoblin John Speaks.

John says with voice calm with emphasis at the end, ,,How do you know about the black dragon?''

Kirra says loud. ,,The trolls. They are gone. We walk rise.''

Shake says, ,,We know of the dragon, but we don't know a safe path through the swamp but the road now a trap.''

A stand and stare.

Wind gusts.

Guile maons.

,,Follow,'' says John.

,,Minst, Kirra,'' say Spear. ''We follow.''

John clicks and clacks.

John the hugoblins click and whistles then steps and runs.

The goblinkin lower swords, crossbows and small shields and run single file after John toward the Wax.

Spear slaps William's back and laughs. He grabs Guile and throws Guile over shoulder. ,,We've got a mission.'' He runs after the goblin group.

William looks at Shake.

Shake laughs an follows Spear.

Guide, Flare, Myst and Jan and Minst, Kirra follow the goblins through the swamp, the night to the Wax.

William steps, says, ,,William says, ,,Can't be good if thought bad.''

Shake says between soft breaths. ,,If we stop now by the trolls we will be had.''

The pack runs to the Waxwith goblinkin between trees and brush.

The goblins group gathers around and runs a gap between it and the pack along the trail

The trail lies between trees and rotted grass stomped into the ground like a wheel well.

Roots of trees stick from ground. Branchless tree trunks rise to the night like large and tall balista.

Guile feels a sharp pain cut through leg. Leg buckles. Guile falls.

Shake stops. The pack slows.

Spear and Kirra lead the pack.

Spear breaths, ,,Follow. I'll get.'' Spear stops.

Kirra runs after the goblins. Jan Hmohf and Myst follow Kirra. Minst slows to a step and looks at Guile. William slows and pushes Minst and points at Kirra while looking at Spear.

Spear points at Kirra.

William follows Kirra, Jan Hmohf and Myst.

Guide and Flare slow then hears in his mind Spear speak. >Go with William.< Guide and Flare runs behind William.

Spear grabs Guide, thows Guide over shoulder and jogs after the pack.

Shake follows.

The goblins lead single file along the frozen mud trail until Minst's lungs.

They run and run and run.

Then Kirra sees the goblin group slow and spread and kneel in a thicket of trees with thin limbs growing up from trunks creating V's that point to sky.

A thicket of brush and trees cover a camp. A rope loops arond trunks and spans between branches to hold small canopies over spots on the side of the trail. Mats of gras lay flat under brush and by trunks under the canpoys giving  parameter to show cylindar containers hitted by sticks and grass.

The goblins group walks from the worn path and seperate under this tree and that three near and far from the trail with no central post of placement.

A lone goblins stands on the trail before Kirra.

Kirra slows runs to walk then stops before John the Goblins.

Jan Hmohf walks past Kirra and raises staff. 

Kirra grabs staff end. 

Jan Hmohf stops and peers at John the Goblin. ,,You kill nature.''

Jahon the Goblins looks down at Jan then Kirra. ,,,The trolls were on their way to destroy the dams again.''

,,Jan,'' says Kirra. 

William stands behind Kirra with Minst, Myst, Guide and Flare.

Flare steps and walks between trees to a small mound of grass. Flares sits on the mound of grass, undera small canopy that looks like a large leaf. He grabs a cyclindar and screws a top from the top then pulls out a chuck of beef. He bits and chews and stares and William.

William steps past Kirra and Jan and stands before John the Hugoblins. ,,I command two of you greatest warriors to take us to the rise, so we may fulfill the leaders secret mission to gather and return informationation.''

Jan Hmohf steps and reaches past William.

William grabs Jan Hmohf.

Kirra grabs and pushes Willam from Jan Hmohf. She whispers only to Jan. ,,Wait for time.''

Jan Hmohf steps away.

John the Hugoblins rests hand on hild of sword. He looks at William. ,,The queen and the council don't rule in the swamp.'' He clicks and clacks and walks from trail. ''A group of undisipline warriors no voice here.'' He steps and walks between trees leaving the part pack standing. He clicks and clacks.

The goblinkin around click and clack. They sit and kneel. They open canisters and pull out meat, rope, cloth. One pulls out a scroll and opens with with a goblin smile. 

Small hand lamps are lit and illuminate. 

Goblinkin heat, they sit, they read, they sleeps, they stand and walk into the darkness.

William says loud, ,,We finish our mission and go Set after the rest of the group arrives.''

,,Missions,'' says Minst. He touches the spine of his spell book and slumps with deep breatehs to ground. ''Mission.''

Kirra hears then the pack hears. Spear and Shake walk to meet.

Shake carries Guile.

Guile lays like a dead boy over shake. His mind tries to enter Spear's mind, but finds only void. Guile then sees to Shake's mind as Spear lays Guile on ground. >What now?<

Shake hears the voice of Guile. He walks to William. He gribs the pocket with the vial and says, ,,Who will be our guide to the Set so we may report our findings?'' His voice carries through the trees.

A few clicks and clacks wisp through the cold night.

Shake step loud over grass toward on hobgoblins then back to William. ''They are not going to help our mission?''

,,No,'' says William. ''Their help is not wanted.''

,,No.'' Shake steps to the pack. ''NO!'' Shake laughs louds and grips raises his hands. ''Then let the trolls kill them all for our mission is for the kingdom and not a town.'' Shake steps along the trail. ''We go.''

Minst holds his burning chest. He slumps. ''I need rest.''

Guile grabs his leg. ,,Rest before we journey is good.''

Myst grabs her Star of Reight and feels the tips of the star poke flesh. She listen, but hears only her heart beat, a few goblin clicks and the breath of the pack.

Jan Hmohf says, ,,I sleep here.''

Kirra glances at Jan then nods. ,,I lay with Jan.''

,,The special council will see the death of many if we do not return?'' says Shake. He huffs.

A hugoblins and hobgoblin and six goblins walk through trees and meet near the standing pack.

A hobgoblin clicks and clacks at Minst.

Minst cocks head back and peers at the hobgoblins. He steps back.

The hobgoblins look Minst toe to head and peers. It click and clacks.

Shake laughs, ,,Never learned the talk of sounds.'' He leans in. ''Special teaching not to corrupt the surface talk.'' He points to mind then mouth.

John of Goblinkin clicks and clacks loud.

The hugoblins, hobgoblin and goblins step and disband from the pack into the trees and along the trail back toward the trolls and road.

John of Goblinkin then grumbles to surface talk. ,,Leave. I don't trust you.'' He steps to Shake and lowers chest and head to peer at Shake. ''You nothing here. You reveal our location to the trolls.'' He points along the trail. ''Follow the trail. It leads to the road along the swamp.''

Shake grabs dagger and pulls dagger from sheath.

,,Thank you,'' says William. ''We will be on our way.''

Goblinkin walk to the darkness with swords and knives in hand. The walk past the pack and run along the trail from the pack and into the darkness where they came. Then as quick as the appeared the calm returns and Jahn steps back and looks a the pack.

The pack stands in a near line with Guile and Minst sitting.

More goblins step from the darkness and run along the trail.

The pack stands and watches.

Spear steps and walks along the trail. Guide follows. Then William nods at John and follows Spear along the trail.

One by one, the pack follows Spear's walk along the trail. Guile and Shake are the last to stand and leave.

Guile leans on Shake to help step with sprain ankle.

The pack walks the trail of hard mire and cold puddles pooling at the bottom of the trial.

Long thick grass lay matted and mashed into ground and piles.

The ground rises to a slope.

The trees thin then part to a wide road.

Spear and Kirra stop. The pack stops and stands.

,,Where do we go now?'' says Minst.

,,To the Set until the Sun rises then we look at the map,'' says William.

,,Along the road?'' says Minst.

,,Yes,'' says Kirra.

,,We keep to Shake's story,'' says Spear.

William huffs. ,,If we need a story at all.'' He clenches fist. ''Hugoblins.'' He steps to the road wiht Spear. ''I don't want to know where hugoblins 

,,And from the trolls and goblinkin that would have like to cut our throats but we talk ourselves from the swamp that is moat of the city we go, and now we have a wide road to create the tales to gloat,'' says Shake as Shake steps to road with Guile.

Guile grunts. ,,Can is sit.'' He points to the a tree near the edge of the road. ''Can break and give me two branches the length of my ankle?''

Shake nods, ,,Yes,'' He steps and crushing grass and reachea and staps two branches form the trees with straight branches like V's. 

The rest of the pack steps to road.

Guile looks back. ,,Sorry. My ankle. I have an idea.'' He pulls the hood of the robe of Reighn from head. ''My ankle is feeling pain. I am a burden.''

Shake tosses the two sticks to the ground near Guile.

,,Yes,'' says Kirra. A steam cloud billows from her nose like a Red Dragon about to blow fire. She steps to the raod and near Jan.

Jan Hmofh stands feeling forces near and far merge on the path travel and move toward the goblins camp. Jan Hmofh feels the trees, the gress and small hiddne beings living near and far through the swamp. Tiny dart holes and a knife cunt heal. Her naked body reveals to the night.

Spear glances then stares then watches Guile with William, Guide and Flare.

William gives glances at Flare then to the Set Horizon.

The night become a dark blue. Clouds spot the sky then float on by.

Guile pulls his Heart Dagger from sheath the cuts the two limbs to the length of his ankle. He looks around breaking a starring silence. ,,Rope. Anyone have rope.''

,,Rope,'' says Shake. He fusses with his pack bundle and pulls out frayed braided robe the length of an arm.

The rope falls by Guile.

Guile takes the rope and unravels the braid to small long strings...

,,Water,'' says William. He glances at nakes Jan then Kirra. ''Where's your pack, Kirra. You seem to have lost it along the way.''

Kirra grabs bow shafter and quiver starped over shoulder with one hand and rest hand on sword hilt with other. ,,Troll and goblins gravearKirra grabs bow shafter and quiver starped over shoulder with one hand and rest hand on sword hilt with other. ?''

,,Your beer mug,'' says Minst with a gasp and hand over mouth. His wide eyes stare. ''I can fly to find you pack. Spear's pack.''

,,No,'' says Kirra. ''Things come. Go. We go.''

Guile breathes heave and ties rope around leg and two sticks along ankle. ,,I need time. I am almost done.'' He ties another.

The pack watches. A gust blows.

Cold seeps through cloths.

The wind blow sings natures song to Myst's silent mind as Myst talks mummbles and whispers's to Reighn.

Kirra walks to the set and stops a sprint from the pack.

Guile sniffs. ,,The two stick will help leg.''

Minst steps and leans down. ,,Where did you learn that?''

Guile ties another rope around leg, looks up, ,,My mother fixed a sheep leg with two sticks and rope.''

Minst kneels by Guile and points to leg. ,,Have you thought of using a staff as long as your body that fits under the bend of your arm? You could then len on the stick as you walk thus relieve weight from your leg.

Guile ties of the last string then stands. ,,I have not thought.'' He looks at Minst and steps. ''The idea is good.'' He steps againt feeling little pain.

The pack steps. The pack walk along the road. They walk over the wide gravel road. They walk between trees. The walk between the plane of drys swamp. The walk through the dawn. They walk to the dawn.

The wide road is covered in small round peeble and white solid lime. Its width is wider than a large city block. Its path stright with a slight line to the Rise Wane. A small bump of gravel seperate the road from the swamp spaning from the sides of the road and the dark horizon.

The swamp depress and sinks into darkness and the deep as the road travels along. Trees and grass lay fallen and in clumbs. Crack of dry mud and pots of frozen water trace between the grass and trees. The trees grow with stright V creating branches.

As the pack travels the night the tree branch bend, twist and curve.

No sounds of life sound from the swamp that surround.

The strings of Rieghn play in Myst's mind. She being to tap her drum and hum spreading the song to William, Shake and Guile.

The pack's step match the beat and the pack walks and walks.

The trees limbs then bend and grow creating trees that with flat broad tops like a rood. The trees spot the darkness.

Once the sun shines the trees sihlouetts appear to create higher, level plane from the sides ofthe roads.

The pack walk goes.

They follow the beat of Reighn and begin to feel the heal from within.

Jan Hmofh feels dust begin to stick to skin.

Guile feels his mind seeping into Shake's thoughts.

Shake repeats lines from is song. <...What's the name. I need a name. A name and name...> then the words fade to sounds and sights and steps as he pumps into Minst.

Minst walk and glances at the Goblin Spell book allowing the lines and marks to consume the thought as the outline the night with flashing lines. with grass and mud pot holes spaning into darkness, trees.

Jan Hpomfh looks at the trees and feel their growth and death. She feels the dry of the leaves. She feel the dust in the wind cling to her nakes skin and give warm. The warmth spread and flares as she feels emotions and energy from trolls through the swamp.

Kirra walks and looks at Jan and the swamp and the road. She peers into the night with her heat sight seeing only plant life. She peers and lower finding small grass and plants at the edge ofthe swamp. She picks a three leafed plant and chews feeling a buzz.

,,What's that?'' says William to Kirra after walking in silence for most to walk on the raod while thinking of the song sung by Myst and the small shield, goblin horde and if his town has been invaded.

Kirra chews. ,,Buzz Leaf.'' She looks at William.

,,What effect does Buzz Leaf have upon the body and mind,'' says William.

,,It wakens.''

William says, ,,Like magical Speed.''

Shake hears and grabs the Vial of Speed in pocket and watches William walk along the road and Kirra walk at the edge of the road.

Kirra walks along the road's edge bump and picks roots and plants sharing them with Jan.

Spear looks at Shake then walks the road with little thought letting the mind be lost in the feeling of the cold wind, the rock ground, the dying swamp and a soft energy flowing from Guide and Flare.

Guide and Flare follow Spear and peer and hear into the night along the raod.

The road goes and goes never getting wider or narrowr. 

The trees thin and lights appear deep into the swamp then along roads.

The sun begins to rise.

A train of wagons pass hauled by ox and lead by goblinkin. They neither slow nor give greetting as they pass on the fars side of the road.

Shacks and huts build from branches and trunks rise from platforms held up by poles. Wooden walk ways span to large platforms filled with houses and buildings.

Lights shine from windows and goblinkin stack boxes, sweap walkways and stand in the dawn. 

Smell of smoke flow with gusts. The smoke sticks to Jan Homfh's skin.

The sun slowly rises and the pack slowly walks until the sun castes a sihilouette of a dragon.

The sun rises.

Fires and lights from shakes along the road illuminate.

A haze of smoke gathers along the horizon.

Then a dragon sihlouettes spreads its wings in the sun lite horizon and dives to the darkness over the planes.







